"it appears that many critics find the idea of a woody allen drama unpalatable." and for good reason: they are unbearably wooden and pretentious imitations of bergman. and let's not kid ourselves: critics were mostly supportive of allen's bergman pretensions, allen's whining accusations to the contrary notwithstanding. what i don't get is this: why was allen generally applauded for his originality in imitating bergman, but the contemporaneous brian depalma was excoriated for "ripping off" hitchcock in his suspense/horror films? in robin wood's view, it's a strange form of cultural snobbery. i would have to agree with that.

the second attempt by a new york intellectual in less than 10 years to make a "swedish" film - the first being susan sontag's "brother carl" (which was made in sweden, with swedish actors, no less!) the results? oscar wilde said it best, in reference to dickens' "the old curiosity shop": "one would have to have a heart of stone not to laugh out loud at the death of little nell." pretty much the same thing here. "interiors" is chock full of solemnly intoned howlers. ("i'm afraid of my anger." looking into the middle distance: "i don't like who i'm becoming.") the directorial quotations (to use a polite term) from bergman are close to parody. the incredibly self-involved family keep reminding us of how brilliant and talented they are, to the point of strangulation. ("i read a poem of yours the other day. it was in - i don't know - the new yorker." "oh. that was an old poem. i reworked it.") far from not caring about these people, however, i found them quite hilarious. much of the dialog is exactly like the funny stuff from allen's earlier films - only he's directed his actors to play the lines straight. having not cast himself in the movie, he has poor mary beth hurt copy all of his thespian tics, intonations, and neurotic habits, turning her into an embarrassing surrogate (much like kenneth branagh in "celebrity").the basic plot - dysfunctional family with quietly domineering mother - seems to be lifted more or less from bergman's "winter light," the basic family melodrama tricked up with a lot of existential angst. it all comes through in the shopworn visual/aural tricks: the deafening scratching of a pencil on paper, the towering surf that dwarfs the people walking on the beach. etc, etc.allen's later "serious" films are less embarrassing, but also far less entertaining. i'll take "interiors." woody's rarely made a funnier movie.

i don't know who to blame, the timid writers or the clueless director. it seemed to be one of those movies where so much was paid to the stars (angie, charlie, denise, rosanna and jon) that there wasn't enough left to really make a movie. this could have been very entertaining, but there was a veil of timidity, even cowardice, that hung over each scene. since it got an r rating anyway why was the ubiquitous bubble bath scene shot with a 70-year-old woman and not angie harmon? why does sheen sleepwalk through potentially hot relationships with two of the most beautiful and sexy actresses in the world? if they were only looking for laughs why not cast whoopi goldberg and judy tenuta instead? this was so predictable i was surprised to find that the director wasn't a five year old. what a waste, not just for the viewers but for the actors as well.

this film is mediocre at best. angie harmon is as funny as a bag of hammers. her bitchy demeanor from "law and order" carries over in a failed attempt at comedy. charlie sheen is the only one to come out unscathed in this horrible anti-comedy. the only positive thing to come out of this mess is charlie and denise's marriage. hopefully that effort produces better results.

the film is bad. there is no other way to say it. the story is weak and outdated, especially for this country. i don't think most people know what a "walker" is or will really care. i felt as if i was watching a movie from the 70's. the subject was just not believable for the year 2007, even being set in dc. i think this rang true for everyone else who watched it too as the applause were low and quick at the end. most didn't stay for the q&a either.i don't think schrader really thought the film out ahead of time. many of the scenes seemed to be cut short as if they were never finished or he just didn't know how to finish them. he jumped from one scene to the next and you had to try and figure out or guess what was going on. i really didn't get woody's (carter) private life or boyfriend either. what were all the "artistic" male bondage and torture pictures (from iraq prisons) about? what was he thinking? i think it was his very poor attempt at trying to create this dark private subculture life for woody's character (car). it didn't work. it didn't even seem to make sense really.the only good thing about this film was woody harrelson. he played his character (car) flawlessly. you really did get a great sense of what a "walker" may have been like (say twenty years ago). he was great and most likely will never get recognized for it. as for lauren, lily and kristin... boring.don't see it! it is painful! unless you are a true harrelson fan.

this film is one giant pant load. paul schrader is utterly lost in his own bad screenplay. and his directing is about as comatose as it can be without his actually having been sleepwalking during the process. the worst though is woody harrelson, whom i ordinarily like when he's properly cast. he plays "the walker", a homosexual man in d.c. who plays social companion to the bored wives of the washington elite. he couldn't have been more one dimensional if he had been cut out of a magazine and bounced around in front of the camera on a popsicle stick. his "southern accent" is that "off the rack" version that decrescendos from the beginning to the end of every line he delivers, as though the heat and humidity of the south is still draining him of every ounce of energy he has. it is monotonous. but, his is not the worst accent in the movie. his "boyfriend", played by moritz bleibtreau, attempts to affect some kind of a mid east accent that is so clumsy he can barely deliver the bad lines written for him. he is incapable of rolling his r's in spite of the fact that in real life he is german, and speaks several languages - one of them being italian! that's kind of a good reason to cast someone else don't ya think? from the story, to the screenplay, to the directing, to the camera work, to the performances by the leads, this movie is bad from beginning to end. the only tolerable moments in this film came from three supporting actresses: lily tomlin, lauren bacall, and kristin scott thomas. only these three managed to make it through this movie with their dignity in tact. in fact, all three are excellent, in spite of being trapped in a really bad film. ufortunately, no one could ever be good enough to redeem this endless series of flaws. if you like these three actresses, watch them in something else. this movie is not worth your time.

plot is not worth discussion even if it hints at corruption, murder, power and the rest of thriller related topics. characters are interesting though sometimes. not realistic but interesting nevertheless.development is slow like tea drinking ceremony. visuals not stunning, but good enough to ease the eye strain. good movie to watch after dinner before going to bed - nothing shocking too much, nothing overexciting. movie sitcom style.i liked woody - excellent performance. had to fight the plot inadequacy and did the job pretty good. the rest are bearable though very predictable. the whole is watchable and better than most tv shows.

this film is about a male escort getting involved in a murder investigation that happened in the circle of powerful men's wives.i thought "the walker" would be thrilling and engaging, but i was so wrong. the pacing is painfully and excruciatingly slow, that even after 40 minutes of the film nothing happens much. seriously, the first hour could be condensed into ten minutes. that's how slow it is.the fact that it lacks any thrills or action scenes aggravates the boredom. it's almost shocking that even argument scenes are so plain and devoid of emotion. maybe it is because of the stiff upper lip of the higher social class? it's sad that "the walker" becomes such a boring mess, despite such a strong cast. blame it on the poor plot and even worse pacing.

this movie must be in line for the most boring movie in years. not even woody harrison can save this movie from sinking to the bottom.the murder in this movie are supposed to be the point of interest in this movie but is not, nothing is of any interest. the cast are not to bad but the script are just plain awful , i just sat in utter amazement during this movie, thinking how on earth can anyone find this movie entertaining the producers of this movie were very clever. they made a boring movie but hid it well with the names of good actors and actresses on their cast. people will go to the blockbuster and probably see this movie and think, woody harrison ,kristin scott thomas and willem dafoe this must be good and rent this movie.(boy are they in for a horrible time)if you like getting ripped off go and rent this movie, some people actually did enjoyed this movie but i like to watch a movie with meaning

a worn-out plot of a man who takes the rap for a woman in a murder case + the equally worn-out plot of an outsider on the inside who eventually is shut out.with such an outstanding case, one would think the film would rise above its hackneyed origins. but scene after scene drones by with no change in intensity, no character arcs, and inexplicable behavior.the homosexuality theme was completely unnecessary -- or on the other hand, completely unexplored. it seemed to be included only to titillate the viewers. when will hollywood learn that having gay characters does not automatically make a more compelling picture?a regrettably dreadful movie. when will lauren bacall pick a good one? i expected better of her and kristin scott thomas. this one is definitely one to miss.

i saw this movie at a drive-in in 1959. until "howard the duck" i considered this the worst movie i had ever seen. this movie tried to combine all the genera in one; comedy, horror, teenage angst, and the hot rod that must have sired "my mother, the car." maybe it deserves a second viewing to see if it is an accurate reflection of it's time.

ghost of dragstrip hollow is a typical 1950's teens in turmoil movie. it is not a horror or science fiction movie. plot concerns a group of teens who are about to get kicked out of their "hot rod" club because they cannot meet the rent. once kicked out, they decide to try an old haunted house. the only saving grace for the film is that the "ghost" (paul blaisdell in the she creature suit) turns out to be an out of work movie monster played by blaisdell.

"ghost of dragstrip hollow" was one of the many '50s movies about hot-rodding teens encountering the supernatural. in this case, the teens can't pay the rent for their hangout and get evicted. with nowhere else to go, they decide on an apparently haunted house. as you may have guessed, once they arrive, some weird things start happening. and there's a twist at the end.there's nothing in this movie that you haven't seen in other movies, but it's nice entertainment nonetheless. my favorite character was the foul-mouthed parrot. well, let me rephrase that: he didn't talk like a character in a quentin tarantino movie, but he said things that we don't expect out of a bird. the movie's pure hokum, but harmless.

"ghost of dragstrip hollow" appears to take place in a spotless netherworld, an era long gone by, where the biggest sin a kid could commit would be in defying the law and getting a traffic ticket. it opens with a young female auto fanatic getting the business from her arch rival, who pressures her into a car race. that's about it for the drag-racing--this b-flick is mostly concerned with rock 'n roll, man! the folks at american international were obviously fond of decent, square teens who liked to party and yet didn't mind an adult chaperone. there are a few amusing double entendres and fruity exchanges (necking kid: "we thought we'd come out for some fresh air"...dad: "where did you think you'd find it, down her throat?"), but the ghost is a little late in arriving. brief at 65 minutes, the movie cheats us with a climactic car race that actually takes place off-screen and a pre-"scooby doo"-styled unmasking which makes no sense. however, for nostalgia buffs, some mindless fun. ** from ****

the characters are unlikeable and the script is awful. it's a waste of the talents of deneuve and auteuil.

kareena kapoor in a bikini hmmmmmmmm.akshay kumar...anil kapoor....maybe saif....kareena kapoor in a bikini.....good banner..kareena kapoor in a bikini.....not one good reason not to see this movie....or so i thought ........didnt these people make jbj...why o why did i forget that.for all the criticism the first half of the movie isn't that bad...there is some intrigue and you feel a sort of irritation mixed with excitement that i felt when seeing guy ritchie movies like lock stock and snatch.kareena kapoor is sizzling in a very skinny model sort of way.akshay kumar is akshay kumar as only he can be.anil kapoor is annoying but kind of funny, you almost forget that most of the time you cannot understand him.saif is sidey ala main khiladi.. once again.there is the occasional laugh and a few chuckles, and a few goosebumps during the kareena-saif love story (kareena in the rain, behind me on my bike hmmmmmmm).but mostly this half promises more than it delivers.....which makes the second half all the more unbearable....there was almost a cheer when the interval came not only because because of the wet kareena because of what people thought were the things to come.instead we were treated to mind numbing torture which is difficult to put in words.saif suddenly seam like a comic sidekick...suddenly the sexy kareena looks anorexic, you realise that the second last floor is now empty and her face looks to big for her body ( only girls can notice this and make other guys notice the second last floor was my observation).anil kapoor and his sidekicks get on your nerves.akshay kumar is the only one who carries off the madness to some extent but even he become intolerable after a while.all the while you are subjected to one absurdity after the other.why??!! what??!!! when?!!! where?!!! what have i done to deserve this...a collective gasp went trough the audience before every song in the second half, which were ordinary even without the movie around it.cannot relieve the trauma anymore....conclusion.this movie starts of as a buzz which you feel could even turn out to a high but ends up slowly moving towards a headache and then rapidly turns into a full blown migraine attack.please don't watch this movie for any reason other than academic interest.+s cast, akshay kumar, first half.+/-s what, when, how, who to much confusion.(need a book to fill this).+s cast, the whole second half (need many pages to fill this).total 3/10 (im trying to avoid the 1s and 2s too not seem to extreme but make no mistake this movie is unwatchable no matter how decent the first half is).

vijay krishna acharya's 'tashan' is a over-hyped, stylized, product. sure its a one of the most stylish films, but when it comes to content, even the masses will reject this one. why? the films script is as amateur as a 2 year old baby. script is king, without a good script even the greatest director of all-time cannot do anything. tashan is produced by the most successful production banner 'yash raj films' and mega stars appearing in it. but nothing on earth can save you if you script is bland. thumbs down! performances: anil kapoor, is a veteran actor. but how could he okay a role like this? akshay kumar is great actor, in fact he's the sole saving grace. kareena kapoor has never looked so hot. she looks stunning and leaves you, all stand up. saif ali khan doesn't get his due in here. sanjay mishra, manoj phawa and yashpal sharma are wasted.'tashan' is a boring film. the films failure at the box office, should you keep away.

the worst movie i have seen since tera jadoo chal gaya. there is no story, no humor, no nothing! the action sequences seem more like a series of haphazard akshay kumar thumbs-up advertisements stitched together. heavily influenced from the matrix and kung-fu hustle but very poorly executed.i did not go a lot of expectations, but watching this movie is an exasperating experience which makes you wonder "what were these guys thinking??!!".the only thing you might remember after watching it is an anorexic kareena in a bikini.the reason why i did not give a rating of '1' is that every time i think i have seen the worst, bollywood proves me wrong.

acclaimed director mervyn leroy puts drama on film that competes with the best of soap operas. high drama is found in the loves and infidelities in new york's social set. oh yes, don't forget jealousy can bring about tainted hearts and murder. the all star cast features: barbara stanwyck, van heflin, james mason, ava gardner, cyd charisse and nancy davis.

the animation in this re-imagining of peter & the wolf is excellent, but at 29 minutes, the film is sleep inducing. they should have called it "peter & the snails", because everything moves at a snail's pace. i couldn't even watch the film in one sitting - i had to watch it 15 minutes at a time, and it was pure torture.save yourself 30 minutes - do not watch this film - and you will thank me.i can only guess that the oscar nominating committee only watched the first few minutes of the nominees. unfortunately, to vote for the winner in the best animated short (short!) category, the voters will have to sit through the whole thing. i already feel sorry for them - and must predict that there's no way this film will come close to winning.

this hitchcock movie bears little similarity to his later suspense films and seems much more like a very old fashioned morality tale. a young couple receives an inheritance that they believe will make them happy. they spend the money traveling about the world and living a very hedonistic existence. however, after a while the excitement begins to wane and the couple become dissipated and pointless in their existence. however, out of no where, when they are on a luxury cruise, the ship sinks and they lose everything--and end up much happier in the end because they now appreciate life! what an odd, silly and preachy film! personally, i'd like to inherit all that money and find out if it makes me miserable!the production values are relatively poor compared to later productions--a rough film with poor sound quality and rather amateurish acting.

bored londoners henry kendall and joan barry (as fred and emily hill) receive an advance on an inheritance. they use the money go traveling. their lives become more exciting as they begin relationships with exotic betty amann (for mr. kendall) and lonely percy marmont (for ms. barry). but, they remain as boring as they were before. arguably bored director alfred hitchcock tries to liven up the well-titled (as quoted in the film, from shakespeare's "the tempest") "rich and strange" by ordering up some camera trickery. an opening homage to king vidor's "the crowd" is the highlight. the low point may be the couple dining on chinese prepared cat.*** rich and strange (12/10/31) alfred hitchcock ~ henry kendall, joan barry, percy marmont, elsie randolph

yet another early film from alfred hitchcock which seems to have been done out of contractual obligation. as with juno and the paycock, you can tell that hitchcock had little interest in this movie. there is almost no style or craft to it at all. the story revolves around fred and emily, a young married couple, who come into some money and go on a cruise which proves to be a test of their marriage. emily is given a chance at a new life with a good hearted, wealthy man who falls in love with her, but chooses to take the high road and stay with her husband. this might seem more believable if fred weren't made out to be a completely insensitive, pompous ass who jumps at the first opportunity he sees to leave his wife for another woman. the couple ends up staying together, but the movie lacks any real reconciliation scene. the third act goes in a completely different direction, with the couple stranded on an abandoned ship and rescued by an asian fishing boat. joan barry does give a very stirring performance as the faithful wife of an unfaithful husband. that's about all you can say for this one.

i imagine when hitchcock scholars and experts find themselves together, the talk is not of the master's great films like "north by northwest" or "strangers on a train", but a lesser-known effort like this one from 1931, obscure and seriously flawed, which showcases the great director in fledgling form.emily and fred hill (joan barry and harry kendall) are a middle-class london couple scrimping to stay ahead. he begrudges their lot; she accepts it. change comes in the form of a letter from an uncle, saying he will set them up so they can enjoy a life of globetrotting luxury. they make plans for a world cruise. but their problems have only begun.just ask richard hannay, roger o. thornhill, or marion crane. well, marion's indisposed at the moment, but you get the idea. travel and hitchcock go together like moths and candlelight, setting one up for a perilous journey at best. this is perhaps hitchcock's earliest foray into this theme, and not his most successful or memorable. hitchcock tries to mix comedy with another element, in this case domestic drama rather than suspense, but the two do not cohere, at least not here.the hills are a dull, flat couple, with no chemistry or personality. when they find themselves at the folies bergère, in the form of cross-cutting with footage that looks ten years older than the rest of this film, they are abashed at the outfits of the female performers. "the curtain's gone up too soon!" gasps emily. "they aren't dressed."when the hills drift away from each other on an ocean cruise, it seems a mercy killing more than a tragic thing, even if the people they partner off with are drips, too. emily's man, gordon (percy marmont) carries around photographs of himself sitting next to empty chairs, which he suggests be filled by emily. fred's girl "the princess" (betty amann) has clara bow's eyes and wallace beery's five o'clock shadow. there's also an obnoxious fellow passenger, a dowdy spinster whom hitchcock always introduces with a cartoonish horn cue. subtlety was still to come.everything is shot in an abrupt manner, with confusing blocking and strained dialogue. hitchcock tries for some early comedy with fred and his umbrella that doesn't come off, and kendall seems to aim for laughs while berry plays for tears. when fred and emily break off, they are seen being jostled on a pair of wedged-together rickshaws, one of many clunky attempts at symbolism.emily's the only vaguely sympathetic character, in part because she really cares about her husband and agonizes over her affair with gordon, but mostly because she's among the first of hitchcock's many magnetic blondes, her platinum ringlets whipping around her face like a botticelli aboard the open deck of a chinese junk near the film's conclusion.matters conclude with a dangerous situation as set-piece for the protagonists to come to grips with, and presumably repair their relationship. only they aren't active participants in the resolution, and except for the fate of a friendly cat, nothing about the ending resonates.at least you get some enjoyable views of london in the early 1930s, and a chance to see hitchcock when he was still working for food. "rich and strange" is hitchcock paying his dues, and learning his trade, one for scholars but not casual film goers.

there is no suspense in this serial! when one episode ends the acting is so shoddy, the effects are so poor and the script is so awful that the last thing on your mind is how batman and robin will save the day. no, in fact, the last thing on your mind is watching the next episode! this show is so boring that i can't see how it ever got made, let alone released on dvd! obviously the effects are not up to par with contemporary batman films, but even the script is awful. an incoherent babbling mess about some evil professor and a ray gun or something like that, i am not quite sure, because it is too awful to follow. watch the 60s version, or the 90's versions, or even batman begins, just anything over this version!

...this would have been what you got.words alone cannot describe how bad this is. if you're having trouble sleeping pop this in and i guarantee you'll be out in fifteen minutes.robert lowery was a pretty good actor in the 40s-- but he's phoning it in here. in an interview, johnny "duncan" robin said that in one scene he and batman had to run from the car to the house and that lowery was doubled over out of camera range because his girdle was too tight! duncan himself looks more like a motorcycle hood than a boy wonder-- in fact he's more like a guy in his thirties waiting for lowery to kick off so he can wear the big cape.driving a batmobile that looks like it rolled off honest al's used car lot at below sticker price-- the dynamic duo don't put a lot of effort into hiding the fact that it's bruce wayne's car they're driving-- in fact it's noted by several characters throughout the serial.the acting is wooden-- the sets are cheap-- the dialogue is horrendous and if there was even a script they were following i'm sure it read along the lines of "batman says something here" because it certainly seems like they're making it up as it goes along.batman's utility belt is made out of thin fabric with no apparent pouches to hold his gadgets-- in one scene when batman needs a full size blow torch the producers just tuck one in as the scene starts-- never to be seen again. his cowl is so bad he can't even see out of it and his ears look more like flopsy mopsy the disgruntled easter rabbit than they do anything batlike.in one scene (i am not making this up), batman substitutes counterfiet radioactive money that will burst into flames the second it is exposed to air as a payoff to some hoods. it's radioactive so he can trace it-- the reason it's so highly flammable isn't explained. well, unfortunately the thugs open the package in a cardboard warehouse-- we know it's a cardboard warehouse because batman sneaks in and pushes these boxes that look to weigh about six ounces on the hoods to knock them out-- and soon the whole place burns to the ground. thanks batman!in another scene after the batmobile is disabled, batman flags down a passing motorist in the middle of nowhere and takes his car-- leaving the man to fend for himself and telling him not to worry because if batman smashes up the car the police will surely buy him another one! yes, you guessed it, said car careens off a cliff within a few short seconds. not that it matters much to the motorist who has probably died from exposure trying to hoof his way back to gotham city.there is a tired subplot with lois lane clone vicki vale who is convinced bruce wayne is batman-- she must have noticed the batmobile parked outside of bruce's house-- or maybe she saw batman and robin running up the walk in the clearly densely populated suburban neighborhood.everything about this serial is bad-- and all but the youngest in the audience will want to hurl toast at the screen. if you're looking for bad cinema you could not hit a better mark-- if you want entertainment, try the burton batman films, the adam west batman tv series or the earlier lewis wilson batman serial.

granting the budget and time constraints of serial production, batman and robin nonetheless earns a place near the bottom of any "cliffhanger" list, utterly lacking the style, imagination, and atmosphere of its 1943 predecessor, batman.the producer, sam katzman, was known as "king of the quickies" and, like his director, spencer bennett, seemed more concerned with speed and efficiency than with generating excitement. (unfortunately, this team also produced the two superman serials, starring kirk alyn, with their tacky flying animation, canned music, and dull supporting players.) the opening of each chapter offers a taste of things to come: thoroughly inane titles ("robin rescues batman," "batman vs wizard"), mechanical music droning on, and our two heroes stumbling toward the camera looking all around, either confused or having trouble seeing through their cheap halloween masks. batman's cowl, with its devil's horns and eagle's beak, fits so poorly that the stuntman has to adjust it during the fight scenes. his "utility belt" is a crumpled strip of cloth with no compartments, from which he still manages to pull a blowtorch and an oxygen tube at critical moments!in any case, the lead players are miscast. robert lowery displays little charm or individual flair as bruce wayne, and does not cut a particularly dynamic figure as batman. he creates the impression that he'd rather be somewhere, anywhere else! john duncan, as robin, has considerable difficulty handling his limited dialogue. he is too old for the part, with an even older stuntman filling in for him. out of costume, lowery and duncan are as exciting as tired businessmen ambling out for a drink, without one ounce of the chemistry evident between lewis wilson and douglas croft in the 1943 serial.although serials were not known for character development, the earlier batman managed to present a more energetic cast. this one offers a group going through the motions, not that the filmmakers provide much support. not one of the hoodlums stands out, and they are led by one of the most boring villains ever, "the wizard." (great name!) actually, they are led by someone sporting a curtain, a shawl, and a sack over his head, with a dubbed voice that desperately tries to sound menacing. the "prime suspects" -- an eccentric professor, a radio broadcaster -- are simply annoying.even the established comic book "regulars" are superfluous. it is hard to discern much romance between vicki vale and bruce wayne. despite the perils she faces, vicki displays virtually no emotion. commissioner gordon is none-too-bright. unlike in the previous serial, alfred the butler is a mere walk-on whose most important line is "mr wayne's residence." they are props for a drawn-out, gimmick-laden, incoherent plot, further saddled with uninspired, repetitive music and amateurish production design. the wayne manor exterior resembles a suburban middle-class home in any sitcom, the interiors those of a cheap roadside motel. the batcave is an office desperately in need of refurbishing. (the costumes are kept rolled up in a filing cabinet!)pity that the filmmakers couldn't invest more effort into creating a thrilling adventure. while the availability of the two serials on dvd is a plus for any serious "batfan," one should not be fooled by the excellent illustrations on the box. they capture more of the authentic mood of the comic book than all 15 chapters of batman and robin combined.now for the good news -- this is not the 1997 version!

as someone who likes chase scenes and was really intrigued by this fascinating true-life tale, i was optimistic heading into this film but too many obstacles got into the way of the good story it should have been.the bad - i'm a fan of robert duvall and many of the characters he has played, but his role here is a dull one as an insurance investigator.the dialog is insipid and the pretty kathryn harrold is real garbage-mouth. from what i read, there were several directors replacing each other on this film, and that's too bad. you can tell things aren't right with the story. i couldn't get "involved" with treat williams' portrayal of cooper, either. he should have been fascinating, but he wasn't in this movie. it's also kind of a sad comment that a guy committing a crime is some sort of "folk hero," but i admit i wound up rooting for the guy, too.not everything was disappointing. i can't complain about the scenery, from the lush, green forests of oregon to the desert in arizona.i'd like to see this movie re-made and done better, because it is a one-of-a-kind story.

i can't believe that people thought this stinking heap of trash was funny. shifting the attempts at humor among cruelty, disgust and stupidity, 'there's something about mary' leaves little reason to stay until the end. sure, cameron diaz is very pretty, but that is never going to be enough to save a movie. ben stiller tries hard to work within the plot, and is obviously very talented, but the movie is a loser.not once were any of the scenes believable. the shots were badly timed and poorly framed. the farreley brothers should be kept away from making films at all costs. i check imdb to see what they are working on just so i know what to avoid.2/10; the bonus is from the one time i smiled. it's not like i'm immune to humor or alone in my opinion. my wife hated it, too. the next day we saw 'rush hour' and laughed ourselves silly. this movie just stunk.

to be honest at the time i first heard of this show i though it may be a bad idea to make a show that makes muslims use racial jokes on themselves but it is the exact opposite. i realized that the show doing that can help people understand that if a muslim uses s a word like this in real life it doesn't mean it is a terrorist thing. it also show's how people give the muslims a bad name because they play on their stereotype, by watching the show regular people will realize that all though there may be bad muslims out it doesn't mean we are all bad we just try to live 1 day at a time, like how hard it was for amair to get on a plane and how he used words like "blow up" or yaser saying we'll blow away the competition, and people took it the wrong way. being a muslim i know that stuff like this don't usually happen, but they do and many people think bad things about muslims or afghanistan or iraq, its not right things are not like that. people will see how we are poorly treated by watching this show and it may make them think on how the act. i am glad a show like this came on the air. there are many shows that piotr muslim people as terrorists,many people do find them funny to my opioion it is ok to do it now and then because prety much everything is made fun of who are we to say you can not make fun of that is unfair, but it is done to often and really gives muslin people a bad name.

jameson parker and marilyn hassett are the screen's most unbelievable couple since john travolta and lily tomlin. larry peerce's direction wavers uncontrollably between black farce and roman tragedy. robert klein certainly think it's the former and his self-centered performance in a minor role underscores the total lack of balance and chemistry between the players in the film. normally, i don't like to let myself get so ascerbic, but the bell jar is one of my all-time favorite books, and to watch what they did with it makes me literally crazy.

the golden era of disney cartoons was dying by the time the end of the 90s. this show quack pack shouldn't even be considered a ducktales spin off because the show barely had anything to do with ducktales. it's about a teen-aged huey, dewey and louie as they make trouble for their uncle donald and talk in hip-hop lingo and they are fully dressed unlike in ducktales. i prefer the little adventurous nephews from ducktales. there are humans in duckburg and the ducks are the only animals living in duckburg. there's no references of scrooge mcduck. the stories are repetitive, the plot is boring but the animation is good. if you want lots of slapstick humor, i recommend this to you. if you want a better disney show watch "darkwing duck" or "ducktales".

saw this film ran in the wee hours on tcm. several problems with the film were apparent from what i saw. first, the adults did not age when the children did for 10 years. several parts of the film had continuity problems & for some reason the actor who played the youngest son looked like the oldest when the 10 years passed. the copy i saw was missing about 20 minutes or so, at least a huge gap with black screen appeared. it is too bad, because even though the script left something to be desired, bergman & russell both did fine in the film in their roles. it is a shame the large chunk is missing, but what is here is watchable.i just wish it was all intact. the script makes little sense in that bergman's character is sent away when the kids are small but then brought back to take care of them when they are adults? some of the time lines don't make sense either. there is a stock market crash that resembles 1929 but the kids grow up to fight in world war 1. all the acting by the support folks in this film is fine. just wonder what was in the 20 gap of film i could not see as it was missing.

by 1941 columbia was a full-fledged major studio and could produce a movie with the same technical polish as mgm, paramount or warners. that's the best thing that could be said about "adam had four sons," a leaden soap opera with almost terminally bland performances by ingrid bergman (top-billed for the first time in an american film) and warner baxter. bergman plays a frenchwoman (this was the era in which hollywood thought one foreign accent was as good as another) hired as governess to baxter's four sons and staying on (with one interruption caused by the stock-market crash of 1907) until the boys are grown men serving in world war i. just about everyone in the movie is so goody-good it's a relief when susan hayward as the villainess enters midway through — she's about the only watchable person in the movie even though she's clearly channeling bette davis and vivien leigh; it's also the first in her long succession of alcoholic roles — but the script remains saccharine and the ending is utterly preposterous. no wonder bergman turned down the similarly plotted "the valley of decision" four years later.

you'd think that with ingrid bergman and warner baxter that this film would have been a lot better. sadly, the film suffers from difficult to believe characters as well as a major plot problem that makes some of the characters seem brain-addled.the film begins with ingrid bergman coming to work for the stoddard family. everything is so very peachy and swell--the family adores bergman and things couldn't be more perfect. well, that is until the mother (fay wray) dies, the stock market crashes in 1907 (wiping out the family's fortune) and bergman is forced to go back home to france. this portion of the film is a bit sticky sweet, but not bad.later, after the family's fortunes have improved, bergman returns. the four boys are now all grown and there isn't really a conceivable reason why they'd hire her once again as a governess. but, briefly, everything is swell once again. but, when wwi occurs, the four all go to war--gosh! in the midst of this, one of the sons (david) brings home his new wife (susan hayward). miss hayward's character is as black and white as the others, though while they are all good and swell, she's obviously a horny she-devil. to make things worse, she comes to live in the family home while david is at war.now here is where the movie gets really, really dumb--brain-achingly dumb. hayward begins an affair with one of david's brothers but when the father sees a silhouette of the lovers, bergman enters the room from another entrance and pretends that it was her, not hayward with jack! why?! why would any sane person do this to save the butt of an obviously evil and conniving woman? this was exactly the sort of excuse bergman needed to get rid of the gutter-snipe once and for all! this is just a case of lousy writing and made me mad...and most likely did the same to the audiences back in 1941.the rest of the movie consists of failed opportunity after failed opportunity for hayward's evilness to be exposed. this just flies against common sense and made the film a silly melodramatic mess. as expected, however, the truth eventually comes out and everyone is swell once again---happy to be one big loving wonderful family minus the slut, hayward.the film suffers because of poor writing. hayward's affair made no sense--at least in how it was handled. and, having characters who are so gosh-darn good or evil (with nothing in between) sinks this movie to the level of a second-rate soap. the only thing that saves it at all is the acting---they tried as best they could with a turgid script. suffice to say that the columbia pictures writers who did this film should have been slapped with a dead chicken!

i just saw adam had four sons for the first time and the thing that struck me was that i believe that the model used was theodore roosevelt and his four sons. they were approximately the same ages as the four boys in this film. warner baxter in his portrayal of adam stoddard talked about the same values and family tradition that you would have heard from our 26th president without some of the more boisterous aspects of tr's character. like tr all of the stoddard sons serve in world war i, in this case though the youngest only loses an eye instead of being killed. but what if a female minx gets into this all male household and disrupts things? that's susan hayward's job here. in one of her earliest prominent roles, hayward is a flirtatious amoral girl who marries one son, has an affair with another, and starts making a play for the third. it's an early forerunner of the kind of a part that later brought her an oscar in i want to live.i suppose that with as powerful a model of decorum as theodore roosevelt was and warner baxter portrays, everyone is afraid to tell father what's going on. the sons and also their governess ingrid bergman. here's where the plot gets a little silly. bergman is introduced to us as a governess hired by baxter and wife fay wray for their kids. wray dies and baxter suffers some financial reversals in business. bergman has to be let go. she goes back to france and years later comes back to the family when the kids are grown up. i'm sorry, but i can't believe the kids need a governess now. hayward is quite right when she confronts her that it wasn't the kids who brought her back. in the normal course of things, bergman would have gotten on with her life. one of the previous reviewers said that a quarter to a third of the film i have was edited out. possibly that could be the reason for the many plot holes we have.it's too bad that ingrid and susan could not have done another film together in the fifties when hayward was at her heights and bergman had just made a comeback.susan hayward is the main reason to see adam had four sons. and i'm willing to believe that a good deal of ingrid was left on the cutting room floor.

rural family drama--with perhaps a nod to "ordinary people"--concerns a young boy who withdraws into himself after fatally wounding his older brother in a shooting mishap. despite downbeat subject matter (given mercilessly glum treatment by director christopher cain), there are some dynamics in this sad story worth exploring. unfortunately, the isolated farming atmosphere and the reluctance of the adult characters to take charge of the situation render the film a stultifying experience. what with robert duvall, glenn close, and wilford brimley in the cast, the movie is nearly a small-scaled reunion of "the natural". too bad this project didn't get the necessary talent behind the camera to really eke out a gripping, memorable picture. *1/2 from ****

*spoiler warning*first of all i rated this movie 2 out of 10.the idea is good, but there are too many stupid errors in the movie, failing to make it the psyching drama that it might have been. first of all she never fights alone. after an initial very strange doubt from her mother (which is not believable when the mother proves to be so supportive and loving later in the movie) the rape victim is not alone. she is also unbelievably naive always falling into the crew's strange traps. her friends are unbelievably nasty.the thing that i find most unbelievably is that ethan fails to control the crew when he changes his opinon. ethan is very much the leader of the crew (hey, they even say so) and people seem to think the other guy is a jerk, but when ethan changes his opinion he just doesn't manage to convince even one single person in the crew that he is right and that his former friend is wrong. everyone just simply hates him... why?? the movie provides no explanation. how did he ever become the leader?a funny note is that my girlfriend thought i was watching beverly hills when she came in. two actors from the same successful tv-series.... a cheap way to get viewers?

diana guzman is an angry young woman. surviving an unrelenting series of disappointments and traumas, she takes her anger out on the closest targets.when she sees violence transformed and focused by discipline in a rundown boxing club, she knows she's found her home. the film progresses from there, as diana learns the usual coming-of-age lessons alongside the skills needed for successful boxing. michelle rodriguez is very good in the role, particularly when conveying the focused rage of a young woman hemmed in on all sides and fighting against not just personal circumstances but entrenched sexism.the picture could use some finesse in its direction of all the young actors, who pale in comparison to the older, more experienced cast. there are too many pauses in the script, which detracts from the dramatic tension. the overall quietness of the film drains it of intensity. this is a good picture to see once, if only to see the power of a fully realized young woman whose femininity is complex enough to include her power. its limitations prevent it from being placed in the "see it again and again" category.

i'm sorry, i had high hopes for this movie. unfortunately, it was too long, too thin and too weak to hold my attention. when i realized the whole movie was indeed only about an older guy reliving his dream, i felt cheated. surely it could have been a device to bring us into something deeper, something more meaningful.so, don't buy a large drink or you'll be running to the rest room. my kids didn't enjoy it either. ah well.

no fireworks despite violent action.science fiction films that reflect quality are scarce indeed, largely because transposal of imaginative themes from the genre to the screen too often falls short of effective execution as a result of insufficient funding or inadequate invention, and unfortunately for its producers, this work is lacking on both counts, woefully so in the case of the latter. with essentially no budget with which to operate, it is a grave mistake to attempt the depiction of such a gamut of events as those within this scenario and, in particular, special effects of space opera warfare which appear only clownish, while seeds from the scriptors' imagination lie fallow due to some of the most fatuous misunderstanding of basic scientific principles to be found. among these are frequent firing of weapons within a sealed environment, and a wayward law of gravity which enables freedom of movement of cast members while inanimate objects float weightlessly, but it is easier to accept these than it is to pretend that any of the episodes have a basis in plausibility. the plot involves an escape of life sentenced prisoners from a space station penal colony to a waste landfill upon our moon and their various attempts to obtain passage back to earth, with some few capable players present who are execrably directed by first-timer paolo mazzucato, whose production team wastes effort upon such as holographic pornography while ignoring a pressing and basic requirement for the creation of states of suspense and of impetus.

i watched this movie last night and already i am struggling to recollect very much about it. the story is about a group of criminals who escape from a space penal colony. they fly to the moon in a space-age dustbin carrier; when there, they terrorise the dustbin men who work on the moonbase.it strikes me that rubbish low-budget sci-fi films often involve either desert planets or, like this movie, criminals escaping from penal colonies. why this is i have no idea. but i can say with some certainty that such films are always diabolical. this one is really no exception. it begins reasonably well with a decent credit sequence and a half-way alright dance music soundtrack. it then degenerates into a boring sci-fi thriller. so little of consequence actually happens in this movie that i am literally struggling to write a helpful review, so if you're reading this i apologise for not being able to enlighten you to the film's subtleties and nuances. for the record, i recall a tedious bunch of baddies, a tedious bunch of goodies, some nuclear warheads and a hologram of a naked woman. other than that, i'm struggling.if you feel you could be interested in the activities of lunar dustbin men then i would not hesitate to recommend this film. i would also recommend it to those of you who wish to send their friends to sleep and steal their wallets.

ok, so it was written in 1996, before 9/11, so you can give it a little credit for worrying about terrorists and the idea that the cia director makes a plot to blow this doomed plane out of the sky before it brings doom to the world, is prescient. that's it. that's the good stuff. the acting...fair. the plot...silly. the "twist"... unnecessary. dooooooooooom it isn't as though no one ever thought of what to do when a plane gets contaminated. don't you think bureaucrats have a manual for "plagues" and how to contain them? proper execution of such a plan is always a problem, as we saw after katrina. but they have a plan. it isn't to send them off to iceland and then to mauritania. and if the virus is carried in the air, why was the plane door open and the "shooters' standing there with no protection? in fact, did it ever occur to anyone to shoot her legs? that would stop her. but not as dramatic. i'm a sucker. i always watch a movie to see the end, once i started it. but this was a waste of time, and for the most part, predictable. i saw it using a recorder so i didn't have to watch all the ads, that was a plus. it's a good example of why i watch so little network tv. rubbish.

in its depiction of a miserable milanese underclass, this film was probably quite revealing in its day. however, i get the feeling that neorealism was never really director de sica's bag, since here he decided to try and create some sort of modern fable centring around a boy that had been found in a cabbage patch by an old dear in the country. after spending most of his childhood in an orphanage, toto ends up living in a shantytown in milan. he organises the inhabitants into community action, and keeps their spirits up by swanning around with an annoyingly constant smile on his face and testing them on their times tables. that nobody tells him where to stick his times tables is beyond me, as these people have far more important things to think about, like where the next pot noodle is going to come from. anyway, de sica then uses a sublimely subtle dramatic device in order to highlight exactly why these poor sods are where they are. it's all down to capitalism of course, and in order to illustrate this, he has the miserables discover a fountain of oil on their land. brilliant! to his credit, though, by this time he has given up on making a serious film, and the capitalists appear as severe caricatures, all fur coats and cigars. they want that land, but our mathematical hero will not support such nonsense. by a bizarre stroke of luck, his old, deceased guardian from the cabbage patch days appears in the sky and gives him a magic dove. he uses it to shower gifts on his mates, who prove just as greedy as the cigar men. i reckon this film was a missed opportunity. to address the theme of poverty , as not many film-makers had done until then, and then get caught up in a fairy tale, to me seems a bit daft. how come 'great' directors get away with child-like plot turns like the ones we see here? hans christian anderson would probably have balked at the idea of having the poor folk flying off over the milan duomo and on to a higher place on broomsticks. de sica, however, is proclaimed as a genius for this. surely the fact that these people are so poor, that their faith is unswerving, and that miracles never happen to them, is enough for any story-teller to work on.

ouch! this one was a bit painful to sit through. it has a cute and amusing premise, but it all goes to hell from there. matthew modine is almost always pedestrian and annoying, and he does not disappoint in this one. deborah kara unger and john neville turned in surprisingly decent performances. alan bates and jennifer tilly, among others, played it way over the top. i know that's the way the parts were written, and it's hard to blame actors, when the script and director have them do such schlock. if you're going to have outrageous characters, that's ok, but you gotta have good material to make it work. it didn't here. run away screaming from this movie if at all possible.

the idea is nice. bringing so many stars in one movie is great. but.... too many stories, too short and lacking really any sense. no connection between the scenes. there were some 3-4 brilliant stories... but these were out of 18. the frame reminded me of "all the invisible children" - a movie which i liked a lot. compared to it, however, "paris je t'aime" lacks the intriguing short story, which develops - starts and has its end. and it lacks the topic connecting all those - children. i do not find paris enough of a topic to connect 18 short sketches together.perhaps for people who know paris it is interesting. otherwise, i wouldn't recommend it...

be warned: this movie tells lots of love stories without any coherence.the only intention of this movie seems to be showing love in many different ways.each story has only a few minutes, so there is no development of characters and nearly no plot. just an sketchy idea of a plot. the writer tried to build in turning points that aimed to surprise the viewer. however, that just didn't work out because you didn't get to know the characters in before or these "jokes" were just silly.this is a movie about love that fails to reach your heart. a dozen times. or even more, i don't know and i don't care.

the last tarzan film starring johnny weissmuller (looking surprisingly aged a year after "tarzan and the huntress") is bad, in spite of all the trivia one can add to make it look better. it is obvious that rko tried to make a great farewell for weissmuller, shooting in beautiful scenery in méxico, with a top star of that country (andrea palma) and multiple award-winning cinematographer gabriel figueroa, and bringing in prestigious composer dimitri tiomkin to do the score. although it may have cost less for filming abroad, it looks more expensive than any other rko film in the series, taking advantage of acapulco beaches and real pyramids as aquatania, and with impressive décors for all the scenes related to the temple of god balu (especially the exterior, built on steep rocks.) kurt neumann should have stayed as director, instead of robert florey, who gives it a very slow pace. neumann had done a fine work with "tarzan and the amazons", "tarzan and the leopard woman" and "tarzan and the huntress", and finished his career directing the classic "the fly" the year before his death; while florey became a television director, after a career of few remarkable films. if weissmuller looks tired, the chimp playing cheeta is not as good as the others, but the worst character is benji, an obnoxious mailman who sings horrendous songs (that have a caribbean air, in a location supposed to be africa and shot in méxico!) boring and decidedly of dubious taste, it was a sad farewell to weissmuller's tarzan.

the finale of the weissmuller tarzan movies is a rather weak one. there are a few things that derail this film.first, tarzan spends much of the film wearing floppy sandals. in my opinion, any footwear on tarzan, whether it be sandals or boots as sometimes portrayed, takes away from the character, which is supposed to be anti-civilization and pro-jungle.second, the character of benji, as mentioned in a previous post, totally derails the movie as the comic foil. to me, his character is unnecessary to the film's plot.also, while weissmuller still cuts a commanding figure as tarzan, it's apparent that he was not in his best shape. although in his later jungle jim movies, his physique had improved somewhat from this film.the octopus battle is a terrific idea, but i think it should have been done in an earlier weissmuller film when he was at his physical peak. likewise, the battle, which takes only 30 seconds tops, would be much more thrilling if it was drawn out to 90 seconds to 2 minutes like the classic giant crocodile battle in tarzan and his mate.and while brenda joyce as jane and linda christian as mara are overwhelmingly pleasing to the eye, it doesn't manage to salvage this last weissmuller film - a disappointing ending to a great character run.

johnny weissmuller's final film as 'king of the jungle', after 16 years in the role, tarzan and the mermaids, is bound to disappoint all but the most ardent of his fans. at 44, the ex-olympian, one of hollywood's most active 'party animals', was long past the slim athleticism of his youth, and looked tired (although he was in marginally better condition than in his previous entry, tarzan and the huntress).not only had weissmuller gotten too old for his role; johnny sheffield, the quintessential 'boy', had grown to manhood (he was a strapping 17-year old), so he was written out of the script, under the pretext of being 'away at school'. brenda joyce, at 35, was appearing in her fourth of five films as 'jane' (she would provide the transition when lex barker became the new tarzan, in 1949's tarzan's magic fountain) and was still as wholesomely sexy as ever.produced by sol lesser, at rko, on a minuscule budget, the cast and crew took advantage of cheaper labor by filming in mexico. while the location gave a decidedly hispanic air to what was supposedly darkest africa, veteran director robert florey utilized the country extensively, incorporating cliff diving and an aztec temple into the story.when a young island girl (tyrone power's future bride, linda christian) is rescued in a jungle river by tarzan, he learns that a local high priest (george zucco, one of filmdom's most enduring villains) had virtually enslaved the local population, threatening retribution from a living 'god' if they don't do his bidding. the girl had been chosen to become the 'god's' bride, so she fled. faster than you can say 'is this a dumb plot or what?', the girl is kidnapped by the priest's henchmen and returned to the island, and tarzan, followed by jane, colorful spanish character 'benjy' (charmingly played by john laurenz, who sings several tunes), and a government commissioner are off to take on the deity and his priest (poor cheeta is left behind). after a series of discoveries (the 'god' is simply a con man in an aztec mask, working with the priest in milking the island's rich pearl beds), a bit of brawling action, and comic relief and songs by benjy, everything reaches the expected happy conclusion.remarkably, tarzan and the mermaids features a musical score by the brilliant film composer, dimitri tiomkin, and is far better than what you'd expect from this 'b' movie! while the film would provide a less-than-auspicious end to weissmuller's time in tarzan's loincloth (he would immediately go on to play jungle jim, a more eloquent variation of the ape man, in khakis), the talent involved lifted the overall product at least a little above the total mess it could have been.tarzan was about to get a make over, and become much sexier...

based upon the recommendation of a friend, my wife and i invited another couple to this film. i really apologized to them--all 4 of us hated it and spent the whole time looking at our watches waiting for the film to finally end. half the vignettes are bizarre, with very little entertainment value. there were few scenes of paris--for example, i was looking forward to seeing some pictures of the latin quarter, but i couldn't really recognize anything. most of the scene was inside a bar. no one in the theater laughed at anything, or reacted in any way. if you like bizarre, pretentious, pseudo-intellectual films, don't miss this. if you are down to earth like me, you will be sorry you saw it.

this movie is without a doubt the worst horror movie i've ever seen. and that's saying a lot, considering i've seen such stinkers like demon of paradise, lovers' lane, and bloody murder (which is a close second). however, i love bad horror movies, and as you can tell from my username, this one really sticks out. at times there's nothing more entertaining than a poorly made slasher flick. as for this film, the opening scene in which a woman gets fried in a tanning booth appears to have no bearing on the film whatsoever, especially since the movie fails to tell you that the event happened 2 years prior to the rest of the film. the acting is nonexistent, and most of the camera shot are of women's areas shrink wrapped in spandex. the policeman was the most stone-faced, monotone actor i've ever seen. the best/worst part of this movie, however, has to be the murder weapon. a giant safety pin?! what were they thinking? who's the killer? a disgruntled "huggies" employee? i'd have to give this movie an overall zero, but darned if i didn't have a blast watching it

want to know the secret to making a slasher film set at a fitness center work? just pad the film out with lovely ladies in super tight workout outfits and have them bump and grind the floor like they are at a gentleman's club. that's what the makers of this horrid slasher film did and that little gimmick kept me watching till the bitter end. this is the worst slasher film i have ever seen, but every time i was ready to switch the channel, they'd add another scene with the workout girls and i'd stay put. as a slasher film, killer workout fails in every category i can think of. as a showcase for beautiful girls working out, it is a success. strong recommendation to avoid, unless the thought of half the film being a big t&a show appeals to you.

you know jason, you know freddy, and you know leatherface. now, get ready for: the safety pin killer! that's right, in killer workout, a dumb slasher movie if i've ever seen one, the unseen murderer dispatches his (or her?) victims with an oversized, novelty safety pin. it is an odd choice to be sure, the kind of thing that deserves an explanation. naturally, the movie never even attempts to clarify where the killer acquired such a thing.as the title suggests, an aerobics gym is under siege by a mad killer and everyone is a suspect. in fact, the movie gives so few clues as to the identity of the killer, just about everyone in the movie is a potential murderer until they get killed. and since just about everyone but the killer winds up dead, it's really just process of elimination. oddly, while the entire name cast is killed off, the aerobics classes continue in earnest. in fact, nothing is capable of stopping the dancing. while three men are murdered in the next room, the workout goes on. death isn't even a factor; one character dies, but is still seen prominently in the later workout sessions. director david prior knew what he was doing when named the movie killer workout and not logical workout.cop chases, explosive tanning beds, and hundreds of shots of women's exposed flesh are thrown in for good measure. much like the woman caught in the tanning bed, i felt very uncomfortable by the end of killer workout. finally, thankfully, the end flashed on the screen. what happened next? you got it, shots of the women working out. not even the end of the movie can stop them!

one two three four five six seven eight and back, haha. this is a must see, first of all to see the work out. there are a lot of work out shown, see those close ups, man you will enjoy it. a few years ago a video clip was surely based on this movie. it's a slasher but without suspense. the ending is funny too, and the clothes she's wearing in the wood confronting the copper, jesus, looks like a clown. the killings are mostly done off screen, the blood flows but never too gory. there are a lot of fight scene's too, and hey, no one got hurt. and what about the weapon to kill, never seen a big one like that, won't spoil it, you must see it. and being a slasher there's a lot of t&a too. to guess who's the killer you will be trapped a few times and that's the best part, but what about the story of the copper in the woods, huh! but still due his cheesiness this one is still one that many would like to have. i'm glad that i have my copy, one of those slasher failures. but man, those clothes and not to mention the hairstyles! if you are in your 40's then this is one is back to memory lane.

big hair, big boobs, bad music and a giant safety pin.......these are the words to best describe this terrible movie. i love cheesy horror movies and i've seen hundreds..but this had got to be on of the worst ever made. the plot is paper thin and ridiculous, the acting is an abomination, the script is completely laughable(the best is the end showdown with the cop and how he worked out who the killer is-it's just so damn terribly written), the clothes are sickening and funny in equal measures, the hair is big, lots of boobs bounce, men wear those cut tee-shirts that show off their stomachs(sickening that men actually wore them!!) and the music is just synthesiser trash that plays over and over again...in almost every scene there is trashy music, boobs and paramedics taking away bodies....and the gym still doesn't close for bereavement!! all joking aside this is a truly bad film whose only charm is to look back on the disaster that was the 80's and have a good old laugh at how bad everything was back then.

i saw "paris je t'aime" because a friend really wanted to see it so i went along with him. going in, i was indifferent about the film but leaving the theater i really regretted wasting 2 hours of my life sitting through this tepid production. the "stories" are almost completely forgettable except for the fact that most of them were awful. what do gena rowlands and ben gazzara have to do with paris? the endless parade of american actors most definitely gave this french film a remarkably non-french feel. the clichés about paris were endless. yes, most of them were playing with clichés about paris but by spending so much time making fun of french clichés, they directly and regrettably promoted them once more. yes, paris is the city of love. we get it.the worst segments were: the one directed by wes craven (oscar wilde); the one with nick nolte; the mime one (the worst?); the hair products one; the one with juliette binoche (willem dafoe as a cowboy in the middle of paris?); the vampire one (when i think of paris i think of elijah wood). the one with natalie portman, which really looked like a mentos commercial and it was stupid (the blind young man should know portman was just playing a part when she called him). on and on it went. it felt endless.i didn't like the coen bros one as well. it really plays with those parisien clichés but i didn't find it funny. just annoying. the gus van sant one was interesting but it was so slight (and the punchline was obvious) that it barely registered.there were only two "successful" segments and they were the one about the immigrant nanny who leaves her baby at a kindergarten only to babysit a baby for a rich woman. nice irony there. and the segment about the african who is stabbed. it's the best segment in the whole film but this segment has nothing to do with paris. the story could have taken place in any city around the world.the last segment, the one with the chubby middle aged woman was sorta interesting too but the underlying tone was bad. they wanted to celebrate her limited grasp of french but the segment came off as being condescending.the whole project felt forced and uninspired. almost like the french government sponsored this film to promote tourism. all in all, with only about 10 to 15 minutes of interesting stuff, "paris je t'aime" was an awful cinematic experience.

only a handful of the segments are engaging here. a segment with a garage attendant from nigeria is heartbreaking. one with fanny ardent & bob hoskins makes its point, twist by twist until the final shot overplays things. the problem with this movie is that only a few of the clips invoke paris. the others are so scatter-shot in theme, tone, volition & production that you may as well be watching "the years best commercials, 2006." it's really all over the place. it doesn't develop over it's running time, and nothing reigns the directors in. no construct successfully joins the pieces... tedium sets in. i'm at the one hour, twenty minute point and elijah wood is in some dumb, over-commercial, overproduced vampire shtick. it has about as much to do with paris as old ladies knitting in the antartic. fantasy shows up i think first in the coen brothers segment (uh, thanks j & e for ruining another movie) and then makes way too many appearances. the point of being in paris is that you don't need make-believe crap to make your days extraordinary. why divide it by neighborhood if quartier de la madeleine is equated with vampires for some loser director? has there ever been a genre more over-represented than the vampire film. every three years we get the same lame vampire clichés.making things worse is that the switch from segment to segment is pretty artless. the transitions get lost. this doesn't feel intentional, it feels sloppy.

my wife and i just finished this movie and i came onto to imdb to commiserate with the reviewers that found this movie less than satisfactory. however, of the 10 pages of reviews, only a handful are negative. i feel that this movie is a great concept gone horribly awry and i want to warn those who are looking to watch the movie into the future.i admit, i'm more inspired to write reviews when i don't like a movie than as to when i do, so my handful of reviews are all negative. still, that doesn't mean i'm biased towards not enjoying a movie, but i often find more eloquent reviews of movies i do enjoy.paris je t'aime is the most pretentious movie i've seen in years. by using an "intelligent" concept and attaching some big talent to a couple of the way to many short stories, the movie ends up the worst of all worlds. it is art for arts sake, but something that a 2 year old could dream up and accomplish. giving the director free reign of 5 minutes of screen time proves why there is a division of labor even in entertainment. directors can't write, writers can't direct. (i'd like to throw in also that clint eastwood is overrated, but that is because he's an actor turn director {which rarely works, either}).what ends up on the screen is a garbled mess of short stories that don't make any sense, are not completed in 5 minutes and in total, spoil paris to me. why call it paris je t'aime when a more apropos title is cluster f*ck? there are only a couple stories that are watchable, most notably the piece by alfonso cuarón, but everything else will fall into obscurity. the coen brothers short is passable, but can you name a movie of theirs that does not contain a scene with a pick guitar? it's as if all the directors decided on doing whatever it is they want to do and chose paris as the place to do it. as we all love paris, present company included, we are blinded by the fact that this movie sucks. in fact, i think they put the directors names on each of the shorts because directors saw how poor of a film this is and decided to make sure they were blamed only for their 5 minutes. seriously. seriously.people, natalie portman is not a good actress. she is is not a pixie dream girl waiting to be yours. and maggie gyllenhaal, why?!? are you people acting or just regurgitating performances from other movies? i'm looking at you natalie portman (garden state, closer), elijah wood (sin city) and catalina sandino moreno (maria full of grace).one final comment on the acting: i give double kudos to nick nolte for acting and looking more humane than you have in ages or perhaps ever will again. find his short on youtube as his 5 minutes are quite enjoyable.writing short stories is very difficult and only a handful of authors have gotten it right. i'm thinking of ernst hemingway, raymond carver, f. scott fitzgerald, and john cheever, just to name a few. it is much harder than writing a full novel and only the truly talented can accomplish this. the same can be said about short films. it appears that only one director will live on in the annals of history.if you uphold paris as a gem to be discovered and reflected through your own lenses with your own story, then don't expect to enjoy this movie at all. the directors either didn't care or were lazy. in either scenario, by the time you are reading this it means you rented it. praise be that you didn't pay 10 dollars a head in theaters for it.

i saw this movie at the afi dallas festival. most of the audience, including my wife, enjoyed this comedy-drama, but i didn't. it stars lucas haas (brick, alpha dog), molly parker (kissed, the five senses, hollywoodland) and adam scott (first snow, art school confidential). the director is matt bissonnette, who's married to molly parker. all three actors do a fine job in this movie about 3 friends, the marriage of two of them and infidelity involving the third. it all takes place at a lake house and it looks wonderful. the film wants to treat its subject as a comedy first and then a drama, and i thought it needed to be the other way around.

i have seen some bad movies (austin powers - the spy who shagged me, batman forever), but this film is so awful, so boring, that i got about half way through and could not bear watching the rest. a pity. boasting talent such as kenneth branagh, embeth davitz and robert duvall and a story by john grisham, what went wrong? branagh is a big-time lawyer who has a one-night fling with davitz. her father (duvall) is a psychopath who hanged her cat, etc, etc, so branagh has him sent to a nuthouse, and he promptly escapes. somehow (i couldn't figure out how) robert downey jr, daryl hannah, famke janssen and tom berenger are all mixed into the story which moves slower than stationary. i wanted to like this, and, being a huge grisham fan, have read all about this movie and i (foolishly) expected something interesting. this is honestly the worst film i've seen to date and i wish i could have my money refunded. * out of *****.

a very weak movie, mainly because of a poor story, but also poor acting in the case of robert downey jr., and irrational behaviour by many of the characters. if you are someone who likes to switch your mind off and simply watch a movie for it's creativity or acting criteria, then you may like this movie. personally i can't do that with a drama and found this too far-fetched.i'm particularly annoyed when a main character, that is supposed to be an intelligent person, continually acts like a complete imbecile. in this movie, if the main character acted the way a person would normally act in these situations, there would be no movie.the first highly unlikely act is when the main character, a successful attorney named magruder, played by kenneth branagh, is leaving a party and happens upon a girl, mallory doss played by embeth davidtz, who is screaming that her car has been stolen. they are standing around in a tropical rainstorm as he badgers her into accepting a ride home.she tells him about her weird father who belongs to some kind of weird sect and does crazy things. when they arrive at her dilapidated shack in the poorer part of town, they notice that her car is in the driveway. also the house lights are on and some objects in the house have been broken.things are very odd, she's weird (looking like a tramp, she undresses in front of him until she's completely naked … oh yeah!). also, the father's strange, the house is a wreck -- everything should have told magruder, "hey this is too weird for me, i'm out of here!' but not magruder, he sleeps with her and then, motivated by her story and sex, takes up the case of trying to have her father committed. it all screams set-up!then, being the top-flight attorney that he is, he arrives late at the office wearing the same shirt he had on the night before, (a fact that all of the women in the office notice). is it likely that a successful attorney would act like a 16-year-old? magruder has upset the police in some of his cases so when he goes to the police claiming, with ample evidence, that the father is terrorising them, the police ignore him. i could have believed begrudging assistance. but no help at all -- not likely!it's just too unlikely.

the first hour of the movie was boring as hell. there is no suspense, no action, not even a plot. the movie went no where. i mean they could have made the movie in 15 min short film. overall, the movie wasn't good at all, and i don't recommend it.

i can't believe that so much talent can be wasted in one movie! the gingerbread man starts of on the right foot, and manages to build up some great expectations for the ending. but at some point the movie turns into one of the worst stories i've ever wasted my time on. it's just so unbelievably how the bewitched mallory doss manages to pull kenneth branagh's character around by his nose. the movies climax is as uninteresting and flat as a beer, which has been left out in the sun too long. the gingerbread man is probably the worst grisham-movie ever and this isn't changed by the fact that talented stars crowd the movie. don't waste your time here!

i should never have started this film, and stopped watching after 3/4's. i missed the really botched ending. this film was a disappointment because it could have been so much better. it had nice atmosphere, a top notch cast and director, good locations. but a baaaaaad story line, a bad script. i paid attention to kenneth branagh's southern accent--it was better than the script. the plot was stupid--driven by characters acting in unreal and improbable ways. no one behaves like this outside of hollywood scripts.

the only thing remarkable about this movie? is that all the actors could bomb at the same time. idiocy. i want my money back...and i got it free from the library. sheesh. i would rather chew on tin fool and shave my head with a cheese grater then watch this again.

not only was this the most expensive canadian film ever shot in bc, but easily the worst, never seeing the light of day. the director is not even canadian, but british, and boy does it show. we are all made out to be a bunch of over-sexed dope fiends and morons. the spirit of what it means to be canadian is absent, and this is supposed to be the reason we fund this bunk. of course the british character is normal. the rest are a crop of sitcom stereotype - can you say "norm!!"? the cinematography ranges from pretty postcard images to murky indoor silhouettes. the actors always seem to be fidgetting. are they as bored as the viewer, or is this the directors idea of cinema? avoid this mess and check out some of bruce mcdonalds films. a true canadian boy with something original to say cinematically. you won't be compelled to walk out on his films after 10 minutes.

this movie makes canadians and brits out to be asinine, moronic idiots. the men get stoned/drunk, and then they yell/beat each other up in almost every scene. the women are superfluous to the story – i do not understand what they are there for – they spend every scene causing a ruckus, or worse, milling around like mesmerized cattle. apparently, canadian women are either quarrelsome vulgar tramps or hulking hippie chicks. it's the standard knocked-up girlfriend, her loser boyfriend and his wicked mother ludicrousness that we have seen in countless movies before.every character here is a carping, infantile stereotype. not to mention that they all looked like they need a shower! and the idea of any kind of scene implying sex with george wendt – shudder – is enough to make anyone gag! i watched the movie because samuel west was in it – but i cannot understand why he would have accepted a role like this. maybe he needed the money. ian tracey is a superb actor - the only one with a vague redeeming moment, but his talent is wasted here.as for the rest of the plot – the three imbeciles trying to get their dope back – yawn - or karl – who is dead, but who is actually a character very much alive in the minds of those left behind (almost like rebecca in alfred hitchcock's masterpiece – although i am ashamed to even have thought to compare these two films), why even bother? karl is so galling that you find the circumstances of his death gratifying.by the end of this wretched movie, i thought they would all have been better off going down with him on that boat!

i found this on the shelf while housesitting and bored. how can people possibly give this a 10? it's not just that it's supposed to be a feel-good redemption film (i think), because it doesn't work on that level either. weak plot, bad dialogue, terrible acting; there's just nothing there. harvey keitel is decent, but has nothing to work with, and bridget fonda and especially johnathon schaech are just terrible. the plot progression (especially the relationship between byron and ashley) makes no sense. it seems like the writers wanted the plot to go a certain way and made it, without actually writing in the necessary bits to make it flow. it's only an hour and a half, but that's 90 minutes of your life you'll never get back.

might contain possible spoilers (not that anything in this film is new or will even mildly surprise you for that matter)why does disney feel the need to recycle everything they ever made into oblivion? sure it's cheaper for them, but after a while, wouldn't you think there overall quality and the way people think of them would drop off. house of villains is a despicable display of cartoon crossovers that make absolutely no sense at all. some signs of the total disregard for previous films in this are: the voices don't even remotely match up and iago is evil again (since when?!) i know that these films are directly towards children but there was a time when all could enjoy disney films. even the movie's musical number (which had been disney's specialty for years) stunk. i wouldn't recommend this film to anyone even the very young. all i can is that if more of these movies of the same caliber are released, it's only a matter of time before some small animation studio surpasses disney in overall quality.

have not watched kids films for some years, so i missed "here come the tigers" when it first came out. (never even saw "bad news bears" even though in the '70s i worked for the guys who arranged financing for that movie, "warriors," "man who would be king," and "rocky horror picture show," among others.) now i like to check out old or small movies and find people who have gone on to great careers despite being in a less than great movie early on. just minutes into this movie i could take no more and jumped to the end credits to see if there was a young actor in this movie who had gone on to bigger and better things--at least watching for his/her appearance would create some interest as the plot and acting weren't doing the job. lo and behold, i spied wes craven's name in the credits as an electrical gaffer. he'd already made two or three of his early shockers but had not yet created freddie krueger or made the "scream" movies. maybe he owed a favor and helped out on this pic. more surprising was fred j. lincoln in the cast credits as "aesop," a wacky character in the movie. f.j. lincoln, from the '70s to just a few years ago, appeared in and produced adult films. he was associated with the adult spoof "the ozporns," and just that title is funnier than all of "tigers" attempts at humor combined. let the fact that an adult actor was placed in a kids movie be an indication as to how the people making this movie must have been asleep at the wheel.

the saddest part of this is the fact that these are 87 minutes i'll never get back. i knew this was terrible from the get-go, with the guy dressed as a lunatic indian chief on top of the roof. (see if they could get away with that in 2008). my 10-year-old boy is really into baseball right now, so we decided to rent it on a rainy day. even though he seemed to enjoy parts of it, i had to cringe when i heard all the needless foul language. bad, bad movie. this was an awful ripoff of bad news bears. completely shameless and completely predictable. i don't mind a predictable movie if it's done well, but this one absolutely was not.

i agree with one of the other comment writers about good story & good actors but mismatched, and i would also say rushed. it has been about 24years since i read the book as it was in school. but i felt that you would need to know the story of jane eyre when watching this one as bits are left out & therefore it doesn't fully make sense. for example jane & mr rochester have hardly spoken & suddenly he is proposing marriage!!! the actors don't have time to let the audience know how their character feels about each thing happening in the story.the actors are good but aren't given enough time to do this story justice. i'm sorry to say it but i didn't really enjoy this version.the 1970 version with susanna york & george c scott would be the jane eyre movie of my preference but you should check out the 1983 bbc mini series version with zelah clarke & timothy dalton in the 2 main roles. i love it so much i watch it regularly.there is an abridged version which goes for 225mins or the full version for 330mins.

what was franco zeffirelli thinking? was hollywood responsible for this travesty, or can i take comfort in the idea that someone who didn't speak english as a first language just completely missed the point of charlotte bronte's classic? i don't think i can improve on a comment i read below, so i'll just paraphrase it: "jane eyre is a great great book, the screenwriter should read it sometime." it's true that this movie's two leads were sadly miscast. but pity the actors, because the screenwriter left out all of the best scenes. the dialog that makes you understand the jane and rochester have a meeting of minds and a shared sense of fun...deleted from the script. the marriage proposal, the fortune teller...gone. the allusions, half joking, half sincerely felt, to jane as a fairy sprite from olde england come to rescue rochester in his despair...eliminated.it is unfortunate that zeffirelli felt the need to completely rewrite the end of the novel and jane's interactions with the rivers family. but it is unforgivable that he has surgically removed the love from one of the best love stories ever written.do yourself a favor and go find the 1983 (?) mini series with timothy dalton.

i hated this movie so much i remember it vividly. it is not even funny. any movie that relies on unfunny sex jokes and racism humor does not deserve the money it costs to make it. in the first half hour, rob schneider drinks a carton of rancid milk. all i could think was "he deserves it, for making such a bad movie". don't waste your time or money on this one.

i didn't really like this movie that much at all. it wasn't really funny and in some cases it was just downright stupid. rob schneider is definitely one enormously talented individual and while his acting was fine in this, it just seemed like a real waste for him to star in. i mean there were some parts that were okay and somewhat humorous in a cute kind of way but that's about it. the only thing that actually caught my attention during this whole ordeal of over the top jokes was that there were some very good looking females present and i'm not one to watch a movie solely because of that but in this case it was the only nook where even the slightest case of redemption could be found. all in all it was a couple notches below an average movie!final query:theaters: so glad i didn't squander too much money on this.dvd purchase: ummm, let me think....no!rental: if you have a prehistoric sense of humor then why not.

marvin(rob schneider)does not have the ingredients to be a cop which is his lifelong dream. but his luck changes when he has a car crush(a very bad one)and is found by a doctor. the doctor has to use animal organs to rebuild him. after this moment, he starts to have wild behaviours unconsciously and becomes a best cop one could ever be. by the time, he realises the changes and his animal instincts starts to take over his human side. in the mean time, he finds a lovely girl and try to be a perfect gentleman that means he has to control himself and behave civilised. i am not a big fun of rob schneider. in fact, this is the his first film i have seen. however, i can easily say that he is the best person to play the loser.(see his part in ally mcbeal, quite funny actually).there are some good parts in the movie such as his flirting with the goat. in such movies, the biggest problem is that the script is seems to make the viewer feel less intelligent. i am sure this movie is okay to watch as long as it is not taken too seriously. but very sad to see such films doing very good in the box office. the animal is not the worst film i have seen to date but fails to get more than *.

ain't it hilarious when an average schmo leading a pathetic life suddenly has something outrageously magical happen to him, turning his life upside down and causing him to learn a few valuable lessons along the way? that formula never gets old, does it? it's such a sure fire way to make a classic film! just look at major hits like liar liar and big!... this must have been rob schneider's line of thinking when he made semi-successful deuce bigalow: male gigolo and followed it with the animal. since i've already traced the plot through sarcasm, allow me to color it in more: schneider plays a loser cop who's suddenly involved in a tragic accident but is saved through surgery... by a loopy veterinarian who loads him up with animal parts, causing him to whinny like a horse at inappropriate times, run like a cheetah, etc. this movie is slightly more likable than other schneider-starring flicks (such as another lame same-plot follow-up the hot chick), but it almost feels like they want audiences to hate it by casting a reality tv star as the romantic lead (colleen haskell from "survivor") and inserting a cameo by norm macdonald. my favorite scene... just does not exist. sorry - nothing memorably good except the production value. i just want to end this review by saying that slight references to other movies in a movie can be okay, but when it comes to lines being delivered the exact same way ("you can do it!"), there's a word for that - "milking." actually, here's another word - "cheap."

i believe that war films should try to convey the terror of war, avoid idealism and respect some rudimentary military principles. zvezda barely does the first. zvezda being a russian war film, i was expecting patriotism, sentimentality, beautiful poetic pictures, a lush score, slavic cheekbones and cruel germans. what i didn't need was the naive love non-affair, the unrealistically silly war scenes and the abuse of the syrupy soundtrack in a film which avoided carefully all historical or political references (stalinism, nazism, holocaust) only to end on a passing but nonetheless insulting to our sense of history endnote about "liberating poland". a missed opportunity as a film but not as propaganda apparently.

for domestic audiences i can see how they would applaud this movie. for outsiders, with no vested interests, it did not make much sense. the germans were portrayed as incompetents and the russians as heroes. the supposedly romantic angle was superfluous and a distraction. how a young woman could 'love' the lieutenant from just glimpsing him was nonsense. how she could, as mentioned at the end of the movie, never marry just because of this infatuation was beyond me. i mentioned the germans were portrayed as idiots and that was exemplified in the chase into the marsh. several hundred german troops advanced, pushing the russians into the marsh. so the russians hid and the germans stopped at the edge of the marsh and just stood there listening. i suppose they did not want to get their boots wet, but i am sure an officer would have ordered 20 or 30 men into the water to search the marsh. but that would have ended the story. also, the germans entered the barn where the russians were hiding in the loft and did not bother to fire into the roof. at the worst some soldier would have tossed a grenade into the loft and not climbed a ladder to peer in.i did see some reviewers who said they cried at the end. i wonder why? you knew this small band would perish and they was nothing heart-tugging in that.

i greatly enjoyed margaret atwood's novel 'the robber bride', and i was thrilled to see there was a movie version. a woman frames a cop boyfriend for her own murder, and his buddy, an ex-cop journalist, tries to clear his name by checking up on the dead woman's crazy female friends. it's fortunate that the movie script fixes ms. atwood's clumsy plotting by focusing on the story of these two men, victims of scheming women...heh. okay, you got me. if these guys are mentioned in the book, and i'm pretty sure they're entirely made up for the movie, i'll eat the dust cover of my hardback copy. apparently, the three main female characters of the novel aren't enough to carry the movie. zenia's manipulations aren't interesting unless we see them happen to a man, and a man's life is screwed up. roz, charis, and toni tell their stories -- to a man. because it's not important if a man doesn't hear them.i liked the characters in the book. it hurts to see them pushed off to the side for a man's story. i normally do not look for feminist angles on media, and i tried to enjoy the movie as is. if i hadn't read the book, i might have enjoyed the movie a lot more. so if you like the cop and the ex-cop, and you want to read more about them, you're out of luck. read the novel, if you want to enjoy luscious prose and characterization subtly layered through a plot. it's the same plot: the movie excavated it, ironed it, and sprinkled it with male angst. it's like zenia's revenge on margaret atwood.

if i had never read the book, i would have said it was a good movie. but i did read the book. who ever did the screen write ruined the storyline. there is so many changes, that it wasn't really worthy of the title. character changes, plot changes, time line changes...first off who was henry and the investigator? they weren't in the story. henry had mitch's persona somewhat, but mitch wasn't a cop. no you made it so roz, helped 'sink ' his body and used that as zenia's blackmail against roz. the real so called blackmail was roz thought zenia was sleeping with her son and wanted her to get away from him. her son was also being blackmailed because he was hiding being gay from his mother. her son wasn't even really mentioned in the story. neither i don't believe was his lover, roz's secretary.tony and west were not together in the beginning. he was actually with zenia first while in college. the black painted apartment was their idea, tony just went to visit. this is where zenia and tony meet, become fast friends. tony hides her love for west. then zenia left west, with cash from tony, then west and tony get together. eventually marry, at some point west leaves tony for zenia again for a short time. only to be heart broken again. then go back to tony. zenia's blackmail for tony was that tony had written a test paper for zenia. now being a professor at college she didn't want to let it get out. i will say the character who played tony did it wonderfully.charis character was a blond, not that it really matters. zenia didn't trick her about having cancer while augusta was alive. no she was there when charis had a lover named billy. augusta's father, he was a draft dodger in the vietnam war. eventually after charis takes care of zenia for months for what was actually drug withdrawal. zenia and billy have an affair right under charis's nose while taking care of them both. then zenia turns in billy to the government, and leaves on the ferry with him. not with augusta, charis was pregnant with her tho. charis also had a split personality, karen was her real name.zenia did not die from being cut up into piece's.... she fell or was possibly pushed (we never really knew) off the balcony and landed in a fountain. she had almost pure grade heroin in her blood and it was likely she took some not knowing and fell off as she od'd. she was also really dieing of cancer this time around.it didn't show any of the childhood memories or anything that endeared the characters to the reader. the book was striped down to its bare bones. then re made in someone else's vision. why couldn't you just write your own story along the lines of what you made the movie. it was different enough, and i'm sure could have been made more so.

*warning - no plot spoilers ahead, but movie spoilers nonetheless...* my significant other rented this for me thinking it would be a terrific romance with an all-star cast. wow - very, very wrong. this movie is an overdone, overwrought, and overly sentimental excuse to theatrically release a student film 15 years after it was shot! the copyright date on the box said 2005, yet during the very first flashback sequence i was looking at the clothes and hairdos that were supposed to be the early 1960s, and noticed that the girls especially were wearing late 80s/early 90s dresses and hairdos. it looked as if it had been shot a good 15 or 20 years before the rest of the film! i tried to convenience myself that it was a flashback, and therefore supposed to look old, but it looked wwwwwwwaaaaaaaaaaaayyyyyyyyyyy more 80s than 60s or even 21st century trying to be 60s... then an adult coworker of the lead character turns up, and he looks just like the boy featured in the flashback sequences (yet it's a different, much older character whose youth is featured in the flashbacks). i was completely confused until i saw in the special features the short film included - it was all the flashback sequences, shot in 1990 as a complete student film of the same title as this movie! it also features commentary that includes the little boy all grown up (and indeed acting the co-worker in the 2005 scenes). thus, this movie is just a shell of story woven around an old, re-cut student film put together as an obvious excuse to get it up to theatrical running time. the shell story, shot in 2005, is mostly about a man who has lost his wife and finds healing and redemption at the dance class that he promises a dying man he will attend in his stead (something about a promise made by the dying man in the early 60's to his girl that they would meet on the "fifth day of the fifth month of the fifth year of the new millennium - an excuse to shoot the segments around the old film in 2005?) these new scenes and plot might have been ok except the awful, overly sentimental score that repeats ad nauseum over almost every single new scene and the clichéd action that permeates the new movie. don't bother. there's a reason why you've never heard of this movie even though it has a well-known cast - it's terrible.

i ended up watching this whole (very long) movie because i was fascinated by the sheer stupidity and naivity of it. it seems difficult to believe that so many famous people (anthony quinn, lawrence olivier, john gielguld, vittorio de sica, etc.) would have willingly participated in this farce. but maybe in 1968 people really *were* so naive? the plot seems written by some confused latin american marxist priest with an agenda. there is a superpower conflict and the russians are actually the good guys, with the communist party general secretary being a nice and spiritual man, who, suddenly, after 20 years, sees the light and feels compelled to ease his bad conscience by releasing a prisoner priest from a siberian gulag. the priest then promptly becomes the pope by a series of coincidences. we are allowed to see the secret vatican papal voting process which is portrayed in the most hillariously pious form you can possibly imagine.meanwhile, the communists in china achieved the usual socialist economic miracle of starving half of their country to death. to solve this minor hiccup on the relentless shining path towards communism they want to start a nuclear war (in order to justly distribute the western capitalist riches to the poor workers of china).our good old comrade general secretary gets a bit worried and calls the pope just before his coronation to ask him to broker peace. they meet with the chinese leader comrade peng who looks and acts like a 15 year old boy. you will roll on the floor laughing about what people in 1968 thought the chinese looked like. comrade peng demands that the western capitalists must pay (which is quite logical after all, don't capitalists always have to pay for the madness of the socialists?), and that the pope needs to sacrifice something, too, for the common altruistic cause of equality and social justice.so when the pope gets crowned in rome, he pledges the entire wealth of the catholic church world-wide to feed our poor chinese brethren in christ. and thus he saves the world from nuclear holocaust.apart from this, there are also some minor sub-plots, which, alas, provide little to redeem this incredibly bad movie. i'd give it three oscars for stupidity.by the way, anthony quinn looks quite unlikely as a pope. he is much more plausible as zorba the greek.

my brother is an avid dvd collector. he took one look at the cover (two models on toilets) and had to add it to his collection. i stayed up with him to watch what turned out to be likely the most cringeable movie (i use that term loosely) i've felt obligated to sit through. i dared not make eye contact with my brother, quite certain he must have been cursing the receipt in his clenched fist. the biggest name in the whole movie is michael clark duncan who appears in one scene, which the "filmmaker" decided to show every take of (about four total) throughout the movie. in fact, the whole movie pretty much follows this suit. the fact that the dvd contained deleted footage was a shock. (i went to bed without viewing it, however). to no surprise at all, i found this disc without its case behind the tv about a week later.

the underground comedy movie, is possibly the worst train wrecks i've ever seen. luckily i didn't pay for this movie, and my friend reluctantly agreed to watch it again siting that it was so awful but he needed to prove to me how awful it was. i love off color comedy. i figured at the least it would have that and i would be entertained. no, instead the acting was so awful, the "jokes" were extremely cheesy, and the plot was no where to be found. maybe there wasn't supposed to be a plot so i can't hold that against this movie. it's pretty sad where the funniest thing in a comedy is an old woman having her head hit off by a bat.....by batman...a man dressed in a baseball uniform wielding a bat. hilarious. simply genius. i got the feeling watching this movie that its creators made it and laughed hysterically with their friends about it. perhaps this was full of inside jokes we just didn't understand. or perhaps it's the worst piece of trash ever made and it should be locked away in a vault and dumped in the arctic ocean.p.s. don't buy this movie!

sure, we all like bad movies at one time or another, and we in fact enjoy them, this however, wasn't even a guilty pleasure, it was just crap. some guy, vince offer, who is conceited enough to make himself the main character while probably got drunk/high--probably both--and thought it was a great idea to make a movie. he then proceeded to show his script to equally high/drunk individuals. overall, this movie was so bad, predictable, and unoriginal i couldn't get through 20 minutes of it before i turned it off. it makes you got served look like citizen kane. bat man? wtf...some guy that walks around with a bat, real original. almost as good as calling him fat man, and having a fat guy walk around in a superhero outfit.

sometimes you wonder how some people get funding to create a movie as bad as this one. you can only stand about 5 minutes of this utter piece of garbage before you stomp back into blockbuster and demand your money back. i will now look at michael clarke duncan with apprehension...why....he lent his name to this vermin.

anyone who has watched comedy central around midnight in the past few years has probably seen ads for this movie. i first saw ads for this movie back in 2001. it looked like it could be funny, but i wasn't about to call up the number on the television screen and order it without seeing the movie first. i figured i would wait until the movie was available to rent at blockbuster.about a year and a half later, i was at tower records and in the "dvds for less than $20" pile, there was a copy of this movie. seeing that the dvd was only $6.99 i decided to buy it. i got home, put the disc in the dvd player, and waited for the laughs to start...and i waited some more. the laughs never came.i'd have to agree with almost every other comment on this page when i say that this movie was horrible. sick, desperately tasteless, and poorly written and directed, the underground comedy movie is an atrocious piece of garbage and is in my opinion the worst movie of all time. no stars.

the underground comedy movie is perhaps one of the worst comedies i've ever seen. i should have known it was going to be bad when the box had the phrase "guaranteed to offend" written on it... meaning that the filmmakers were going to focus more on grossing you out than making you laugh.this movie is an amateurish jumble of childish skits, bad characters, and worse jokes... from the pathetic bat-man sketch to the painfully unfunny arnold shvollenpecker skit, they just aren't funny. the few skits that are a little funny are few and far between - watching micheal clark duncan play a gay virgin, for example - but even they go on too long and get ruined from vince offer's ineptness at comedy.keep the underground comedy movie underground... bury it!

first of all.....what the hell? why in the world are they trying to sell a low budget piece of crap on late night tv with the promise of disturbing, offensive sick garbage that any normal real human being with a soul couldn't watch. what the crap is funny about a dog being injured, a grandma getting her head knocked off...a guy getting his hand blown to pieces and two girls going to the bathroom? what in the hell has this world come to that people find comedy in some thing so completely sick. anyone who thinks this kind of material is funny, should not even be allowed to walk the earth. but from what i hear its not even offensive...so...they promise comedy through demented piles of sick garbage...and they cant even pull that off.

this movie goes beyond just being bad, it is definitively the worst movie i have ever seen in my entire life. unless you yourself have a problem with necrophilia than you will not enjoy will not enjoy the scenes depicting it in this film, (if you can call it that).

imagine the worst skits from saturday night live and mad tv in one 90 minute movie. now, imagine that all the humor in those bad skits is removed and replaced with stupidity. now imagine something 50 times worse.got that?ok, now go see the underground comedy movie. that vision you just had will seem like the funniest thing ever. ucm is the single worst movie i've ever seen. there were a few cheap laughs...very few. but it was lame. even if the intent of the movie was to be lame, it was too lame to be funny.the only reason i'm not angry for wasting my time watching this was someone else i know bought it. he wasted his money. vince offer hasn't written or directed anything else and it's not surprise why.

words cannot describe how utterly abysmal this movie is. it is a series of random, unfunny clips about everything from a stupid batman spoof to a guy getting it on with an old dead lady (really disturbing). the only remotely amusing thing about the underground comedy movie is watching joey buttafuoco, the best actor in this movie. also, it is rated nc-17, shunning away the only people that might tolerate it.

i have never seen a comedy that was this much of a chore to sit thru...not one laugh in it. ok, maybe one little chuckle for the michael clarke duncan bit as the big, black, bald gay virgin. but the rest of it was shockingly un-funny. on top of being void of any laughs the "skits" go on forever! steer clear of this one if you value your time and money. dreadful!!! the worst!!!

hawked as the most offensive movie ever, guaranteed to offend everyone- guess what? it worked, i'm offended that we shelled out money to rent this. two friends and i were bored and decided to see if all that bull about the movie that we saw on tv was true. curse comedy central and all the other networks that pushed this garbage on us! it was by far the worst movie i've seen since hollow man. i generally avoid the crappy ones, but got sucked into this one. we have since beaten the prick who suggest we rent it, and his movie picking privileges have been revoked. there is nothing remotely funny about this movie...even the "adventures of dickman" scene was sophomoric at best.. color me p***ed. thought maybe the production value was crap for some important reason...no..it just sucked. never watch this! for any reason whatsoever. not even with copious amounts of illegal substance would this movie be funny. that's saying alot. please for the love of all that is holy, if you cherish your sanity- never view this movie. it's many things- stupid, pointless, and worthless to name a few. but the main thing it was aiming for: offensively funny- it failed miserably. crash and burn....

how do i begin? this movie is probably one of the worst movies i have ever seen .it has no redeemable qualities .i just sat through this movie and it was a struggle.it failed to get even a single smile on my face.i find it hard to believe that anyone would distribute this horrible film. i felt that this movie was a failed attempt at distasteful humor. the only thing that was worth anything about this movie was the soundtrack, i'm pretty sure thats the reason i wanted to see this movie in the first place.i will wrap this up as i am going to try and forget the time i just wasted with this piece of crap. i will leave you with this warning. do not watch this film ,it sucks.

it really impresses me that it got made. the director/writer/actor must be really charismatic in reality. i can think of no other way itd pass script stage. what i want you to consider is this...while watching the films i was feeling sorry for the actors. it felt like being in a stand up comedy club where the guy is dying on his feet and your sitting there, not enjoying it, just feeling really bad for him coz hes of trying. id really like to know what the budget is, guess it must have been low as the film quality is really poor. i want to write 'the jokes didn't appeal to me'. but the reality is for them to appeal to you, you'd have to be the man who wrote them. or a retard. so imagine that in script form...and this guy got that green lit. thats impressive isn't it?

this movie shows a row of sketches, which partly pass over into one another. i realized the passing over late in the movie, at first it only irritated me. many of the episodes in this movie come along without any recognizable punchlines and simply try to wangle around that fact, using absurdity and obscenity. the attempt of it to stay comedy without any funny bits fails.my personnel and maybe subjective result after watching this movie (my god, it hurts in my head every time i call it "movie"): a bold attempt to turn nothing into something great. but it failed. at least the director made something out of nothing. but it isn't something good.many movies didn't turn out as funny as they were planned, but this one tops them all. it's the real life manifestation of the worst case scenario of film making. no. to correct myself, it's even worse than that. a movie with gags so bad, that they aren't funny at all. it's not even fun to watch the lead-actor, writer and director (all three the same guy by the way) perish by drowning in the sea of bad movies. the movie is too bad for that.

this film stars, among others, "slapchop" vince offer (who also wrote, edited and directed) and joey buttafuoco--not exactly names that scream out "quality". and with such uplifting skits as "supermodels taking a dump" (it's exactly what it sounds like), a guy who robs a sperm bank (the "rhymer"), necrophilia with a rotting corpse, black market fetuses (featuring a guy scooping what are supposed to be them out of a jar), lots and lots of gay jokes, a skit about a giant phallus who is a superhero and forced abortions. the skits are painfully unfunny (such as "batman and rhymer"), the acting not good enough to be considered amateurish and the film is crude just for the sake of being crude...and stupid. i truly believe a group of 8 year-olds could have easily made a funnier film with the same budget.apparently this film resulted in a lawsuit by "slap shot" vince against the scientologists. frankly, i wouldn't know who to root for in this case!!! apparently, he alleged that somehow scientologists destroyed his reputation and sank this film. no matter that the film is repellent junk from start to finish and 99% unfunny (by comparison, ebola is funnier)...and these are the nicest things i can say about the movie.by the way, that is bobby lee (from "mad tv") wearing a diaper and participating in the dumb fake porno film. it's amazing his career could overcome this.

lately they have been trying to hock this film late-night on cable tv commercials. don't believe the hype. i was one of the unlucky people to see this stinker in theatres. this is, in my opinion, the 3rd worst movie of all time, just behind mac & me (#1 worst), and jack frost (#2 worst), but i must admit, they are all close and all terrible! really, nothing of this movie is funny, or disturbing, or anything else it claims to be so don't waste your money. the only thing it is good for is giving to your worst enemy. i'm not lying about that. someone who you would love to kill or torture would be a prime candidate for this film. it is that awful. if you don't believe me then you deserve to suffer through the misery of watching this, which i doubt you can finish. two thumbs enthusiastically down.

i bought this at tower records after seeing the info-mercial about fifteen hundred times on comedy central. i was actually really looking forward to watching this. my god where did i go wrong? now before i give my review let me just say that i am a person who can pretty much find the good in all movies, hell i own over 1,500 dvd's! with that said, the underground comedy movie ranks up there with the worst film i have ever seen. i tried to give it a chance, but not only was it not funny. it had no point, did not offend what-so-ever and was all around stupid. god who in their right mind thought these pieces of crap were funny? this is going right to the bottom of the bin...

i rated this movie as awful (1). after watching the trailer, i thought this movie could be pretty cool. "guaranteed to offend...everyone!" the trailer said. well...it did offend me, because this movie really sucks. it is hardly a comedy, as i laughed about two seconds during the entire movie. and what's with all the gays in this movie? i'm not gay and i don't have a problem with those who are, but what's the point of adding so many gay-scenes in a so called comedy movie, when these scenes are absolutely not funny? i guess the director is a gay man in denial, or something like that.so my advice to you is: if you want to waste good money, go rent a good comedy you've already seen a million times, you'll be better off than watching this mother of all lousy comedy's. it really is total crap.

this movie doesn't even deserve a one. this was an utter waste of time. it was a waste of film and money. it was not offensive but everything was provocative and disgusting. my spoiler is one that i think should be read by everyone. there is full frontal nudity and disgusting language. but not only that, there is no plot line, the actors are terrible, the accents are horrible, the actors are small time and i was even excited to watch this movie! the only reason i rented it was for brian van holt (who got only a fifteen second part, by the way). i think this might have been a mistake on the directors and editors parts but they repeated the same segments two or three times, adding only a new sentence.a film similar to this is eraser head, possibly the most disturbing movie in existence. there is no plot line, and is not funny. although it isn't trying to be funny. do not watch either movie.

i think that new york is a big fake, i mean her whole guidelines of this show is stupid. i enjoyed flavor fl av more better, she acts like a slut, and a hoe put together. her mother is out of this world, i think she is the devils daughter. i mean what does she think she is doing these men already have girls and i believe once you have been with her you will be to ashamed to go back to your girl. she is nasty, spoiled and a big fat fake.the show is very interesting to watch, how much money is she getting to do this awful show, and whats up with her mother,i thought her and new york did not get along, but now it seems as though she is just as fake as her crazy daughter.and where is the so called husband, he is no where to be found,i would not to be with them either.

this is the most saccharine romance i ever sat through. the perfect film for an idle housewife in kerchief, housedress, and ostrich-trimmed high-heeled mules to watch in the afternoon, lying on the couch eating bonbons. in fact, bonbons play a prominent role in the movie.the only reason i was able to watch to the end, is that i finally was able to gaze at keanu reeves' dreamy face in almost every scene. in most of his films, he moves too fast to get a good look. the only rapid action in this show is giancarlo giannini waving his hands with latin emotionality - more italian than mexican, really. the dialog is as stiff as wood. unfortunately, no bodices are ripped - the hero is disgracefully perfect-mannered and mild. the aristocratic warm-blooded old-world family cliche is as old as the hills. what does it matter if they are irish or italian or mexican? this is a fairy story.i knew before the titles finished running that this would not be the movie i hoped for. the glowing grapes looked like the paragon of all food ads in women's day magazine. i didn't see his name listed, but the art director surely was thomas kinkade, who paints the million dollar canvases of irish cottages snuggled in fuchsias. this film was literally seen through rose-colored glasses. if you like dreamy pink and blue sky, this film is for you! (the bonbons looked really good, too!)

it must be the most corniest tv show on the air. this is probably a escape for jim belushi and all of his bad movies. his brother sucked all the talent out he younger brother. i hope this show is canceled and never spoken of again except in a negative use. jim has got to retire or something. please let them go of the air. if i here a joke from that show i will throw up and and wash my eyes out with a toothbrush. id rather be taken from the devil himself than watch a full half hour that piece of programing. i still do not understand why the show is still in the air and running. we all know deep down that we want to shoot our tv screens when we see jim's face. in conclusion, no more please.

i love the episode where jim becomes the greenman. it is great! when jim tosses that little person through the window, the look on his face is priceless. then when he starts to address the priest in his wife's behalf only to find out that she has become the pee-woman? great writing and great casting along with great acting makes this a must see. i am attempting to find a certain photo from that episode. i'd like to use it as my avatar on a message board because i think the greenman is hilarious. does anyone know where i can download a photo of jim as the greenman? can anyone point me in the right direction to find such a photo?

i always wrote this series off as being a complete stink-fest because jim belushi was involved in it, and heavily. but then one day a tragic happenstance occurred. after a white sox game ended i realized that the remote was all the way on the other side of the room somehow. now i could have just gotten up and walked across the room to get the remote, or even to the tv to turn the channel. but then why not just get up and walk across the country to watch tv in another state? "nuts to that", i said. so i decided to just hang tight on the couch and take whatever fate had in store for me. what fate had in store was an episode of this show, an episode about which i remember very little except that i had once again made a very broad, general sweeping blanket judgment based on zero objective or experiential evidence with nothing whatsoever to back my opinions up with, and once again i was completely right! this show is a total crud-pie! belushi has all the comedic delivery of a hairy lighthouse foghorn. the women are physically attractive but too stepford-is to elicit any real feeling from the viewer. there is absolutely no reason to stop yourself from running down to the local tv station with a can of gasoline and a flamethrower and sending every copy of this mutt howling back to hell. except.. except for the wonderful comic sty lings of larry joe campbell, america's greatest comic character actor. this guy plays belushi's brother-in-law, andy, and he is gold. how good is he really? well, aside from being funny, his job is to make belushi look good. that's like trying to make butt warts look good. but campbell pulls it off with style. someone should invent a nobel prize in comic buffoonery so he can win it every year. without larry joe this show would consist of a slightly vacant looking courtney thorne-smith smacking belushi over the head with a frying pan while he alternately beats his chest and plays with the straw on the floor of his cage. 5 stars for larry joe campbell designated comedic bacon because he improves the flavor of everything he's in!

all the funny things happening in this sitcom is based on the main character jim being either a bad father, a bad husband or generally just enormously selfish. how can that be funny? of course a character in a sitcom has to be flawed, but jim's character is flawed in an extremely unsympathetic manner.and why it that? my guess is that it's because "he should now better". jim's not a stupid guy, he can take care of things and he's got the opportunities to do so. but he chooses not to. it's a conscious choice he makes, when he chooses to not play with his kids, not go shopping because he doesn't want to buy "lady products" and it's a choice he makes, when he puts down his relatives.the other characters seems to only be in the series so jim can have someone to be a jerk to. if the cheryl character was a real person, she would have left him years ago, and not stay with the deadbeat for 8 years. but alas, she's just a catalyst for jim's quirky middle-class extreme selfishness.

you need to watch this show once to have seen them all, the formula is exactly the same in each episode. jim does something his way he means well but he upsets his wife, at the end she finds out that what he did was really for her, she caresses his cheek and gives a gummy smile while he looks on bashfully. in fact the story lines are so lame and formulaic that i'll take a stab at one now.episode 'valentines pay'jims wife notices that all of jims weekly pay has disappeared, he then explains to her he lost it at the casino. she screams and leaves the house lamenting how awful he is. then on valentines day he turns up in a limo with tickets to a ball (hence explaining the missing wages). she realizes 'her' mistake and the usual 'oh jim, you're so lovely'. ..the endanother very obvious item is the fact that jims character is based on homer simpson who as a cartoon character can get away with being belligerent and ignorant, when this is attempted with human beings it does not work and jim just comes over as an arrogant self centered jerk. imo the only reason that this is successful is simply because we're so many now in terms of human beings with tvs, these days you could make a show about a man who insulates walls and you'd get an audience.'two and a half men' on the other hand is fantastic and hilarious.

the show is average. it doesn't make me laugh particularly. however, i think courtney really brings it down. she doesn't look natural. she has these three ways to talk, all robotic. she talks quietly (with no intonation), she talks normally (with no intonation), or she does that thing where she starts talking normally, and starts yelling gradually. however, her yelling is like "let's pretend i'm yelling because i shouldn't be too loud on the set". she is constantly aware of herself being this cute actress doing this funny thing. it's annoying. you can't really get her personality, because she doesn't really produce emotion, and doesn't get upset. she has this husband, who's doing all these stupid things, and there is no reaction from her. very dry and plain acting.

i wish i could say that this show was unusual in it's banality,but it is usual in every way.it has the dumb husband,his smarter but boring and conventional wife, along with the idiotic sidekick for "comic" relief-it sorely needs it.stale predictable jokes, with even more predictable reactions from the laughtrack, punctuate this noxious mental narcotic's nauseatingly unimaginative plot lines to leave me either physically ill, or in a deep sleep more resembling that of an induced coma. but it might be on for a while yet because it gives the average american a personage to which they can truly identify.a "regular" guy just like you and me.i live in the southern u.s, so to me this show is just the opposite of escapism.down here, that obnoxious character is everywhere, in some form or another.seeing him on television is brutal overkill.

this is certainly the worst movie i ever saw? the beginning is somewhat good, but the end? i still don't even get it! magical power, 300 years later, goddess, dancing what the f*** is that about??? the acting is somewhat not so bad.. but some place i could do better for sure!

shown in australia as 'hydrosphere', this incredibly bad movie is so bad that you become hypnotised and have to watch it to the end, just to see if it could get any worse... and it does! the storyline is so predictable it seems written by a high school dramatics class, the sets are pathetic but marginally better than the miniatures, and the acting is wooden.the infant 'muppet' seems to have been stolen from the props cupboard of 'total recall'. there didn't seem to be a single, original idea in the whole movie.i found this movie to be so bad that i laughed most of the way through.malcolm mcdowell should hang his head in shame. he obviously needed the money!

this movie is absolutely pointless, one of the good esamples how malcom mcdowall never got one decent role after clockwork orange. this one may be one of the worst though. no story, crappy special effects, shot in 4:3/or even worse cropped on dvd, just avoid it ....

this is probably one of the worst movies ever made. bad acting, bad special effects, bad plot, bad everything. in the last 15 minutes a cat suited-cyborg is introduced which muddles everything. malcom macdowell must have needed to make a house payment because otherwise he would have had to sell himself on hollywood blvd to pay the bill. i just don"t know how you can go from clockwork orange to this crap and be able to look yourself in the mirror each morning. i could have done better special effects in my bathtub. there's no continuity. the editor must have been asleep or on drugs its so bad. acting. do they have to smoke to be bad.? the gun either shoots blue flames or bullets, make up your mind. the bad girl and the other girl in the movie look so much alike that it is confusing. whay is it called 2013 seadly wake. it has nothing to do with the movie

there are two reasons why i did not give a 1 to this movie. one reason are some of the actors (like malcolm mcdowell and gwynyth walsh) work, who tried to play at their usually good level of acting. however at many scenes they were somehow blocked by the bad scripting.the other reason is the cool idea and looking of the cyborg, which is quite different to most other such roles i've seen so far.everything else in this movie is as bad as it can be. boring scenes, useless and boring dialogs, bad script work. and it seemed as it was the first movie ever for many actors. it could have been an interesting story though, but they failed completely.

malcolm mcdowell has not had too many good movies lately and this is no different. especially designed for people who like yellow filters on their movies.

if mr cranky had rated this, i'd be tempted just to copy his review and paste it here. but as he hasn't, i'll have to give it a go myself.the only thing giving this movie a 1 instead of a 0 is that malcolm mcdowall's acting is excellent. however not even he can save this film from disaster. the director must have been really distracted when he worked on this one because it is just a conglomeration of scenes that were thrown together with very little continuity - reminiscent of bad '70's movies. even worse, both the actors and director appeared to be making it up as they went along which probably showed how bad the original script was.it's not even worth discussing the story line although it revolves around a futuristic corporation called the proxate corporation who put together a crew of dispensable people to carry a dangerous cargo on an old container/slave ship to nigeria. this ship's computer is a baby kept in a glass jar and wired into one of the crew via usb 12 or something. the company should have been called the prostate corporation as the entertainment value of this movie is on a par with an examination of the same name.i honestly can't find one scene that i could say was well made and made any real sense in the context of the movie. i only watched it to the end as i had a touch of the bird flu and this movie reminded me that there were people out there who were actually worse off than me - malcolm mcdowall in particular. i won't hold this against him as he's a great actor and every great actor is entitled to one bad movie in their career and this one is a doosie.so, unless this is the only movie your shop hires out or you're male and you're doctor isn't doing prostate examinations this week and you somehow feel this is a bad thing then give this one a really wide berth unless of course if you're really community minded, buy a copy to support malcolm and then use it as a drink coaster.

terrible use of scene cuts. all continuity is lost, either by awful scripting or lethargic direction. that villainous robot... musta been a jazz dancer? also, one of the worst sound tracks i've ever heard (monologues usually drowned out by music.) and... where'd they get their props? that ship looks like a milk carton... i did better special effects on 8mm at the age of 13!i'd recommend any film student should watch this flick (5 minutes at a time) so as to learn how not to produce a film. or... was it the editors' fault?it's really too bad, because the scenario was actually a good concept... just poorly executed all the way around. (sorry malcom. you should have sent a "stunt double". you're too good an actor for such a stink-bomb.)

a terrible movie containing a bevy of d-list canadian actors who seem so self-conscious about the fact they are on-camera that their performances are overly melodramatic and quite forgettable.this film is badly written, badly edited, and badly directed. it is disjointed, incomprehensible and bizarre - but not in a good way. mcdowell does a great job with what he is given, but is the only one in this film to do so - he really has a bad story and script to work with. it's not even camp enough to be funny.i have yet to see van pelleske act in a credible manner, and even the sub-characters like eisen (with his nasal, whiny voice) confirm that we are on a lot in toronto rather than on a barge off africa.didn't the director see that the 'creature' looks like a jazz dancer in an alien suit? the fight between the blue bolts of lightning and pelleske's orange wisps of 'magic' (!?! for lack of a better word), is obviously the result of bad actors, with no choreographer, overlaid with completely derivative special effects. was there even a director on set or in the editing room for this disaster film (not the good kind)? learn from the mistakes of others ... don't even waste your time with this one, you'll regret it like i did. i have nothing more to say about this waste of celluloid.

set in a post-apocalyptic environment, cyborgs led by warlord job rein over the human population. they basically keep them as livestock, as they need fresh human blood to live off. nea and her brother managed to survive one of their attacks when she was a kid, and years have past when she came face-to-face with the cyborgs again, but this time she's saved by the cyborg gabriel, who was created to destroy all cyborgs. job and his men are on their way to capture a largely populated city, while nea (with revenge on mind) pleads gabriel to train her in the way of killing cyborgs and she'll get him to gabriel.cheap low-rent cyborg / post-apocalyptic foray by writer / director albert pyun (who made "cyborg" prior to it and the blistering "nemsis" the same year) is reasonably a misguided hunk of junk with some interesting novelties. very little structure makes its way into the threadbare story, as the turgid script is weak, corny and overstated. the leaden banter tries to be witty, but it pretty much stinks and comes across being comical in the unintentional moments. most of the occurring actions are pretty senseless and routine. the material could've used another polish up, as it was an inspired idea swallowed up by lazy inclusions, lack of a narrative and an almost jokey tone. the open-ended, cliffhanger conclusion is just too abrupt, especially since a sequel has yet to be made. makes it feel like that that run out of money, and said "time to pack up. let's finish it off another day (or maybe in another decade). there's no rush." however it did find it rather diverting, thanks largely to its quick pace, some well-executed combat and george mooradian's gliding cinematography that beautifully captured the visually arresting backdrop. performances are fair. kris kristofferson's dry and steely persona works perfectly as gabriel and a self-assured, psychically capable kathy long pulls off the stunts expertly and with aggression. however her acting is too wooden. a mugging lance henriksen gives a mouth-watering performance of pure ham, as the villainous cyborg leader job who constantly having a saliva meltdown. scott paulin also drums up plenty of gleefulness as one of the cyborgs and gary daniels pouts about as one too. pyun strikes up few exciting martial art set pieces, involving some flashy vigour and gratuitous slow-motion. seeping into the background is a scorching, but mechanical sounding music score. the special effects and make-up fx stand up fine enough. watchable, but not quite a success and it's minimal limitations can be a cause of that.

every once in a while i will rent an action/adventure film just as a way to relax and occupy my mind with nothing important. this is why i own a copy of charlie's angels (2000) - not a quality film, but it makes me laugh and allows me to unwind for a while. one of these days i will probably buy copies of the princess bride and a few monty python movies for much the same reason.in any case, i rented this film because i wanted to be entertained without being challenged. for the most part, i got what i wanted. the plot was something along the lines of a poorly written xena episode, and the kathy long's acting was very community theater (not bad for a professional kick boxer and amateur actress). there were a few high points on the part of the cyborgs. somehow they managed to get some pretty good actors to play the bad guys - unfortunately, most of them die pretty darned quick.like most martial arts films, the further you get into the movie, the more emphasis there is on action, and the plot (which wasn't strong to begin with) deteriorates almost as quickly as the acting. however, the more kathy long fights, the more time the director devotes to her backside. by the end of the movie i was seriously considering watching it a second time just to count the number of times kathy long's tight red shorts were center screen.unfortunately, there just wasn't enough meat to this film to make satisfying curiosity worth seeing the film a second time. if you are a hard core xena fan in need of something to wile away a few hours - by all means, go to the grocery store and spend the .50 cents on the rental. there are some strong similarities between the show and this movie.just don't expect anything more than to be mildly amused for a few hours.unless, of course, you happen to like kathy long's derrière. then you might want to purchase a copy.

this was just plain terrible. i read this book for school, i made as on all of the tests, and to see it like this! my teacher forced me and 20 other people to watch it, and it was worse than leonard part 6, plan 9 from outer space, and hudson hawk put together. the thing that made this film so terrible was enough reasons to want to kill yourself over. first of all, it was made on hallmark. second, the acting was terrible. third, it was like completely different from the book. literally, it was so bad i asked myself to be excused. basically, i would rather watch basic instinct 2 than watch this. take my advice, don't watch this film. no one would want to watch this. it was horrible. horrible!

really started the 80s trend of disgusting violence masquerading as a "horror film". i was the target audience for this repellent piece of trash and i was disgusted then as now.oh, where do we start. let's see, the setup: you can bring people back to live if they died a violent death. so that laughably weak premise is the excuse to butcher people in horrible ways, because, well, that's needed to bring them back to life! this might have worked if played over the top for black laughs a la re-animator or something. but no, it's played straight. there is a whole terrified family in a wagon that gets hunted down, one of the few scenes at least where their demise is off screen. however, just about everything else is on screen. there is actually a scene where a young girl walking along is beaten and killed by zombie townspeople, who are all filming it and grinning with several cameras. then, there is a closeup of her face as the filmmakers lovingly--and time consumingly--reveal in time-lapse photography her beaten face being carved down to a skull and rebuilt to look "normal" again. this done, of course, by a slumming jack albertson as the mortician behind it all. he likes to drive around in a ambulance/hearse playing old tommy dorcey tunes, i guess that is supposed to be cute.in the end, of course, even the sheriff is undead and the doctor offers kindly to fix his rotting hands. not clear why the sheriff is not out with the other townspeople killing children with glee and slicing their faces off, sticking needles in burn-victims eyes, etc.i wonder, really wonder, what people see in a geek show like this to give it any kind of rating at all. it's not scary, the twists are laughable, and overall it's kind of sick. it's not even well enough done to "see it on a dare" or enjoy on a level you might watch a bad hg lewis film. it's just god-awful trash, made for people who get off on this type of pointless gore, and made by people slumming for a paycheck.sad that albertson was even involved.

christopher lambert is annoying and disappointing in his portrayal as gideon. this movie could have been a classic had lambert performed as well as tom hanks in forrest gump, or dustin hoffman as raymond babbitt in rain man, or sean penn as sam dawson in i am sam.too bad because the story line is meaningful to us in life, the supporting performances by charlton heston, carroll o'connor, shirley jones, mike connors and shelley winters were excelent. 3 of 10.

the story line has been rehashed a number of times; "a breath of life in the retirement home". several plays, movies, novels, short stories, poems and news articles have beat the subject to no end, but it's still an excellent platform for character studies.if 'gideon' was crafted more enthusiastically it could be brilliant, but the dialogue is painfully boring and the story is absolutely flooded with cliches (even the subtitle and summary of gideon's "simple wisdom" almost made me laugh in its ineffectiveness). mostly indifferent acting is the final straw for this weak film, but the rest of it is bland enough to make the actors' lack of focus almost irrelevant.

gadar is an example of one of bollywood worst overrated movies ever. directed by anil sharma, who prefers making period related movie gives a rubbish movie. the songs were boring and ain't the kind of song you want to listen to in your car, full volume. sunny deol is famous for making daft movies, where he beats up a 100 bad guys on his own. he even kicks a metal jail door (indian) and kicks a moving car far away (teesri aankh). i can give another 50 examples of disgraceful action by sunny deol. but i'm sure most people know this already. sunny gives a pathetic performance once again repeating the same type of role. a guy claiming to be fighting for his countries piece, by using violence. amisha patel is hands down dead sexy with an amazing body that i would love to bone. but even she couldn't save the film from being a disaster. instead of wearing sexy clothes like she usually does, in this movie she doesn't. maybe cos she was playing a muslim, but she doesn't act like one in the movie. overall, this is a poor show all the way, i'm sure it will appeal to some people, who love seeing the bollywood actor beat up 100 guys. give me a break.

gadar is a really dumb movie because it tells a fake story.it's too unrealistic and is a typical sunny deol movie that is aimed to bash pakistan.the movie's aim is to misguide the viewers so they can think that pakistan and it's government is bad but trying to hide their own flaws won't work.and all the songs and music of the movie are all bad.most likely the sikhs will love th movie cause they are being misguided.the movie sucks and sucks with power. i think only amisha patel was good in the movie. if i can give 0 out of 10 i would but the lowest is 1.please save 3 hours of your life and do not watch this stupid boring movie .disaster.

this move is slow, plodding, cold, dark, and without a plot or hope. it follows that tried and true european formula that they love to subsidize, that is never seen, but that the critics think makes an "important point".the movie is valuable if nothing more than to show the huge difference in the thinking between americans and europeans regarding employment. in this movie the men are still nursing their wounds from years ago and feel it's the government's duty to provide them with work. whereas in the u.s. we know we have to go out there and create value for someone.spain never looked so backward!

a romanticised and thoroughly false vision of unemployment from a middle class "artist" with a comfortable upbringing... it is clear that the writer-director never suffered unemployment directly and certainly has no personal experience of it. if you had to believe this absolutely ridiculous story, unemployed men of all ages behave like teenagers, have no anger, no fear, no frustration, etc. all the characters live trough the day by carrying pranks, boyish jokes. they do never look for work, the do almost never experience rejection or anguish, etc. living on the dole is just about like a summer vacation from school... ridiculous. specially if you compare it with contemporary masterpieces from the likes of ken loach, etc.

this movie is painfully slow and has no plot. it conveys the lives of a group of laid off boatworkers. one of the older ones is sincere in his attempt to get a job. there may be some social commentary here, but, it is muddled as nobody is painted in a very sympathetic light.i do not understand why it had a 7.8 when i decided to watch it. i watched the whole tedious thing and built expectations for a huge redeeming payoff. no luck. the imdb rating has always been such a good match for my tastes. anything above 6.5 was worth watching.and my wife says javier barem does not even look good in this movie. he's not my type, so, my agreement does not mean much.sigh. i give it a 1.

quentin crisp once stated that when things are shown too beautifully, one is a romantic. when things are show unbearably grim, they are realistic. and when something gets the ironic treatment, they're spot on. unfortunately for leon de aranoa, he falls into the second catagory. this director has obviously tried too hard to make a spanish "ken loach" type movie, without being able to capture the comedy, and warmth between the characters, that elevate loach movies from merely being 'depressing'. los lunes al sol, is just that, only depressing. things are unrealistically grim. the characters ultimate moments of misery all reach a climax at the same point, and if the glum story isn't enough, aranoa washes the tale over with a visually grey and grimy colour palette. the films was ridiculously over-rated at the goyas. a movie that shows empathy for the weaker citizens in society, in this case unemployed harbour workers, does not automatically make for a good movie, even though i would be the first to sympathize with the fates of these people. this movie only manages to make me grow disinterested in their fate. in 21st century spain, unemployed people do not live like beggars, and the public transport ferries have decent restrooms, and it's hard to come across a bar with so few punters and such little happiness to be encountered in it. leon de aranoa obviously doesn't have a clue about working class spain, and does it no favours. pretentious is the only conclusion i can draw. the scene where the men watch a football match for free, has been directly copied from a film which deals much more 'realistically' with the subject of the 'poverty' trap, namely "purely belter," which is afar more engaging, humorous, and yet sad.

aka: mondays in the suni have no idea what i just watched. three men wander aimlessly and drink, grousing about everything and at everyone in their path. this is supposed to be a drama, but what it is, is a total waste of film, without a single redeeming quality.i have read reviews touting the performances herein as "wonderful," "beautiful," and "heroic." i'm afraid i cannot agree, unless these men were supposed to come off as the dumbest most ignorant proto-humans who ever walked.all in all? this was not a movie. it wanders throughout and loses everyone but the audience. i've watched this three times, and cannot for the life of me see what anyone sees in this garbage. there is nothing profound here, whatsoever. it's crap.it rates a zero/10 from...the fiend :.

this picture reminds me of a keneth more picture from 1957 called the admirable crighton" whilst on the boat he was a servant and on the island he became the master and upon being saved reverted back to servant. madonna did ok in some movies however this one doesn't fire. if there is any picture that show madonna can't act it is this one.i am not sure whether this was a subtle copy of "the admirable crighton" but it sure looks like it and if thats the case then hollywood must be running out of ideas and that is sad. to provide a platform for actors to improve their career profile and just on that this fails in every corner and detail.the plot is loose and the acting is mediocre. the script should have been put thru the shredder before taking it on location. while many here have canned madoona for all her acting i think that in films like "a league of their own" was quite good and enjoyable and "who's that girl" showed a quirkiness of madonna's style not shown before or afterwards. other madonna films are not as enjoyable and i would have liked a to see a madonna animation series with the character from "who's that girl" i like the music from these two films however "swept away" remains at the bottom of the pile here and will remain so.everyone has a bomb right?

this film story is bad enough, which can happen in real life. i'm very can not understand when they show us this bad film. i say it was bad because there is some reason. 1. if madonna was rich and can do everything she want, then why she falling in love with that bad man. 2. how can the story script is so weak? she was so rich, can do everything she want, but not dare to divorce her husband that is very impossible.the words i love you, it doesn't meant anything in this film.

guy ritchie's noble effort is beat up, knocked down, raped, kicked around, shot, stabbed, spit upon, punched, sodomized, and abused and left for dead by madonna's dreadful performance. her acting was very reminiscent of a graduate from the al gore school of dramatics and public speaking. guy ritchie did do a somewhat noble attempt to remake this, and if you exclude all of the scenes that his wife was in, it's a fair movie at best. i think that the best acting job ever, had to be guy comforting his wife that her performance was good enough not to re-shoot. if you have an opportunity of watching swept away or clipping your toenails for 89 minutes...go for the extended pedicure.

whatever possessed guy ritchie to remake wertmuller's film is incomprehensible.this new film is a mess. there was one other person in the audience when i saw it, and she left about an hour into it. (i hope she demanded a refund.) the only reason i stayed through to the end was because i've never walked out of a movie.but i sat through this piece of junk thoroughly flabbergasted that madonna and ritchie could actually think they made a good film. the dialogue is laughable, the acting is atrocious and the only nice thing in this film is the scenery. ritchie took lina's movie and turned it into another "blue lagoon."this is a film that you wouldn't even waste time watching late night on cinemax. time is too precious to be wasted on crap like this.

i don't know what some of you are smoking, but i suspect it's potent.to call swept away awful would be an insult to the very concept of terribleness. the acting is hideous and i'm not picking on madonna here, we all know she's useless, but someone should have warned everyone else that her ailment is contagious. my back literally hurts from cringing so much at poorly delivered lines. the editing is so sloppy, it beggars description. the photography and composition (which in this era, competence should be a given for any film with a budget) are astonishingly inept, even the lighting is horrid and unnatural looking. these are basic elements of filmmaking, if you can't get them right, you should seek another line of work. it's as contrived as a grade 3 production of snow white, except nowhere near as well made or interesting.the original film by lina wertmueller is a wonderful satire and metaphor, superbly acted and written, featuring breathtaking visuals - you can practically taste the sea salt and feel the windswept sand in your hair. the sexual tension feels real and immediate...those of you who found guy ritchie's version deplorable, should see it, it really is one of the landmarks of world cinema.those of you who thought the remake is some kind of masterpiece should have your heads examined.

it's not my fault. my girlfriend made me watch it.there is nothing positive to say about this film. there has been for many years an idea that madonna could act but she can't. there has been an idea for years that guy ritchie is a great director but he is only middling. an embarrassment all round. 

i had the (mis)fortune to see this film at a showing in the us. having reluctantly sat through the entire abysmal thing, i am shocked to have seen so many good reviews here on imdb. the original film was a turkey, but an interesting one. it fitted into that early seventies, post 1969 revolution thing; this film just stinks of....... , well, nothing really. it's that bad.imagine a badly done perfume commercial - see what i mean ?madonna never could act, and has been an embarrassment on the big screen for years. she looks worse and worse with every one of those years, increasingly coming to resemble a skinned meerkat.guy ritchie, who has built his "reputation" on lock stock, could never direct either - his movies are shallow, badly cut, fashion shows. he doesn't disappoint here either; he wisely cast his wife as the star of this debacle.please people, take little heed of the good reviews this movie has received from other posters below. they are quite obviously business plants.don't encourage ritchie to humiliate himself further by giving him money.

*** warning! spoilers contained herein! *** this is a semi-autobiographical look at what might happen to madonna if she were ever to be stranded on a deserted island. there's absolutely no challenge to madonna in this role, and it shows. she's just madonna playing madonna, and she can't even get that right. i know what you're saying, you're saying, "how do you know this is what madonna is really like, you've never met her!" correct, i haven't, but we all remember "truth or dare", don't we? i know kevin costner does. you would think, in the year 2002, that madonna might have learned something, one way or the other, from the "crossover" ladies that have also made their way across the silver screen. for goodness' sake, hasn't madonna seen "glitter"? mariah carey showed the film world how it is done!!! mariah kicks madonna's trashy butt to the curb in beauty, talent, screen presence, charisma, characterization, you name it! all we see from this glimpse into madonna's world is she's the only one in it.  if there's one thing to be said for madonna, it is that she's consistent. when she was an mtv darling, she set the world of women's fashion back 20 years. now, in film, she has set women's roles in film and society back 20 years, by glamourizing all the most hated, horrible, reprehensible, odious qualities women have been reputed to have locked away inside them, qualities they have been so desperately trying to prove they really don't possess. ***here's the spoilers!!! don't read any further if you don't want to know...*** here's the one good thing i will say about this film, and i really was impressed by it. they didn't go for the "hollywood ending" - madonna's character lives. in the typical, happy hollywood ending, madonna's character would have died on the island, and her long-suffering, oppressed, whipped husband would have been free to finally settle down with a good, decent woman, a woman who would be the exact opposite of his deceased wife, and they both live happily ever after. but in this extremely depressing conclusion, she is rescued, and once more, this poor victim of a husband is once again saddled with his demon of a wife, and his life will once again become a living hell. *** here endeth the spoilers ***

*may contain spoilers*i bent over backwards to be fair to this film. i knew it starred madonna. i knew it lasted a whole week in theaters. i knew it got a lot of bad reviews. i wasn't expecting a deep and thoughtful examination of class, culture and sexuality like we got in the italian original. the benefit of the doubt lasted a whole ten minutes.madonna plays a rich, pretentious, nit-witted gorgon who goes on vacation with her henpecked husband and flippant friends (the brunette woman is as bad as madonna, exhibiting some really dumb facial expressions). adriano giannini plays the ship's first-mate who the madonna character delights in humiliating and treating like dirt in every scene they have together. why is she such a bitch to him? simply because the plot requires it so that later when the two of them get marooned on a deserted mediterranean island the tables will be turned and he will teach her a lesson. just as inexplicable is how they fall in love despite having nothing in common and having abused each other for two-thirds of the movie."swept away" is a silly, simplistic, superficial movie from beginning to end. madonna gives a typically wooden performance. there are many dumb scenes: madonna singing and dancing atrociously at the demand of giannini, a fantasy scene with madonna and a lot of scenes where he slaps her and kicks her in the butt. guy ritchie does his "stylish" editing which is laughable here. the film contains some of the worst dialog i've heard in a major movie in several years. the ending is sappy and implausible. it's basically "the blue lagoon" meets "overboard" minus the nudity of the former and the sense of humor of the latter.maybe madonna's ego is so big that she insists on continuing to prove herself as a competent actress. please give it up, madge, for our sake as well as yours. this isn't her worst movie though. that distinction still belongs to "shanghai surprise". she hasn't made anything worse than that...yet.

no doubt, when madonna and guy ritchie married, it was because they both thought it would help their movie careers. if you've been through the ordeal of watching "swept away," then you know at that level it was a match made in hell. after nearly 20 years of trying to become a respected actress (or "octress" as she might have pronounced it in "the next best thing"), she still can't get out of herself long enough to turn in a performance that anyone with taste could even call decent. and that's the thing that makes people dislike her so much on the screen: that gut feeling that her ego is so inflated that it prevents her from being able to just let go and connect with her audience. if there's any justice in this universe, she just blew her last chance.

and forget this. completely. if you really need to see madonna act, rent "body of evidence", at least willem defoe is in that one.in this film, while the sets are beautiful, you may want to mute the dialog. you won't miss anything. bruce greenwood is wasted, jeanne tripplehorn is a prop, and madonna is so awful, it becomes amusing. why they had to butcher the original film into this mess, i will never know; guess they thought it was "bankable". madonna, as an actress, certainly is not.if you rent the original film from 1979, though, you will enjoy it, and the actors in it can actually act. 1/10.

for years madonna has tried to prove not only herself, but the public eye, that she can act. unfortunately, trying too hard while failing to shed her own persona doesn't mix well.she seems to fare better when she's not the star of any movie: if you watch her in supporting performances in desperately seeking susan (1985) or a league of their own (1992), she actually comes off looking good. since the story revolves on other actors, the weight of the expectation is taken off her shoulders by default.the trouble starts when she is asked to be the star of a movie, regardless the genre. being the focus of a plot that needs to be told in a visual way, whether it be good, mediocre or plain awful, she has to emote in ways that are akin to an actual movie performance as opposed to a video performance. this is the crucial difference between madonna and, let's say, bette davis, or meryl streep. the latter two, even if the movie were to fail (because the visual storytelling lacked some effectiveness in having us relate to it, or because the script fell short, or because the actress per se was just not at her moment), there would be an extra something in their performances that would elevate the movie from being a complete bomb. both davis and streep have had their share: bette, having a longer career than streep, in such fare as bunny o'hare (1971) and wicked stepmother (1989); streep in she-devil (1989). but at least there's been that naturalism in the way both attacked their roles that made us forget the banality of the movie and watch the performance.madonna, on the other hand, not being an especially gifted actress capable of really letting us in on her ability to convey a persona other than herself, fares much worse, and even in the hands of someone as woody allen in shadows and fog (1992), an inferior classic, she in her pat screen time seems stilted and a little stiff, maybe even nervous, as if she were aware of the cameras and crew and just couldn't let go.so here she tries yet once again to prove she can act in what is essentially a two-character movie. guy ritchie, more known for action movies filled in masculine energy, seems as adrift telling a story closer to someone of the likes of michaelangelo antonioni or ingmar bergman, who could tell a tale of two people with incredible ease. and at 89 minutes, the events which take place happen in such an unconvincing way that when the final half hour comes along and the story takes a dramatic turn, it doesn't feel sincere. from being an absolute witch with no redeeming values to suddenly being in love, this has to be the most unconvincing 180 degree turn since fay dunaway's laura suddenly discovered her passion for tommy lee jones in the eyes of laura mars (1978). equally unconvincing is adriano giannini's nasty turn around the middle of the movie -- it lacks any humor and feels genuinely psychopathic -- and when he gives in to madonna's love, it's too quick to be believed. filming this in slow music and a visual montage of lovemaking and beautiful scenery doesn't enhance or add upon this "transformation" from what would have been a story of survival between to unlikeable characters to a love story where both discover each other.trying to have an unsatisfying ending works against the movie as well -- it only makes it drag, bog it down, and when madonna has to be filmed going from hope to devastation in a tight close-up, it feels she's trying too hard. many an actress have done better in conveying so much doing so little. hers is a performance more suited to acting styles of the late 20s, early 30s where posturing compensated as acting a part or an emotion.could the movie have been better? of course. there are a myriad of ways to have filmed it in a way that would leave the viewer feeling that these people could at least hope to see each other again -- it's been done before, in overboard (1987), for example. it could have had an existential undertone in which two very different people have to rely on each other but not necessarily change (to ensure a moral tone). much dialog and unnecessary erotic scenes could have been spared for a more "silent" film look -- as in persona (1966). it could have even been something of a thriller, providing that the giannini character have a mean streak as billy zane had in dead calm (1989). even if it would have been done as a sex farce it would have worked better for madonna as the over the top, uber-control freak getting her comeuppance. but with its mean streaked humor, without at least a glimpse of her character having a softer side that hides behind a mask of bitchdom, and without really defining giannini's own character, this becomes another misfire trying to look like a battle of the sexes.

i really wanted to like this movie because the critics have been unkindto it (to say the least)... but it was terrible. really terrible. badlyacted, a witless script, cack handed direction... watching this film waslike watching a car crash- you want to look away but you keep staringbecause you want to see how messy it's going to get. well, the car iswrecked and there are no survivors. on the plus side, the cinematographywas nice, made me want to go on holiday, if only to cleanse myself fromthis unholy

i almost saw this at an actual movie theatre (an art-house theatre, no less!) but couldn't make it there in the one whole week it played, but yesterday i finally saw it on cable and...well...i wasn't disappointed, that's for sure! madonna has done it again: yet another bomb! when will this woman learn? when will the studios learn? (or perhaps they already have, since this film was largely dumped, with little fanfare and deadly word-of-mouth.) one would hope that being directed by her talented husband, who's created some interesting and/or terribly entertaining work, would bring out the same quality madonna showed in "desperately seeking susan"; alas, it just isn't meant to be, for here she is, at her very worst: singularly convinced of her own greatness, the smugness permeating every frame she's in, made all the more unbearable by her wavering faux-british accent, an accent that only underscores the fact that her speaking voice is immature in quality and not especially pleasant. this may sound unnecessarily cruel but listen to the woman, and look at her films of, say, the past decade: like a latter-day bette davis, there is an unmistakable brittleness to not only her carriage but to her very face and body, which here, despite the warm photography displayed throughout the film (perhaps its only saving grace), are done no favors. to her credit, the entire affair is so misbegotten that one wonders if the world's greatest actress on her best day could do anything with this mess. no one involved escapes unharmed: bruce greenwood actually seems pained to be on-screen, though poor jeanne tripplehorn seems to carry herself as if she's actually in something good, which had me thinking all the while, "denial ain't just a river in egypt!" adriano giannini, son of giancarlo giannini, star of the italian original, "swept away...", is, like his father before him, immensely attractive, and isn't altogether bad (despite winning a razzie nomination for "worst actor"), but, like almost everything else about this production, it all comes back to madonna, on whose shoulders rest the blame. why her? why not her husband, director guy ritchie? just who do you think was behind this remake? what actress wouldn't want nearly every shot of a movie to be centered on her, with only a relative nobody sharing the screen? oh sure, ritchie deserves some blame: surely he - or someone - anyone! - should have, and could have, taken his lead aside and insisted on something bordering on actual feeling in her line readings (for her performance is so wooden it's a surprise the rest of the cast didn't get splinters), or at least display a semblance of warmth...but she seems resistant to be anything but a cinematic black hole. above and beyond anything else, this is strictly a vanity project for its star so she is ultimately accountable for it. a film like this, an "odd couple"-ish, war of the classes, should be light and fun, with leads who can bounce off one another with witty, even romantic, dialogue, for what else can a film whose plot involves two disparate people stranded, really be? honestly, i don't think anyone involved knew exactly the tone they were trying for; it succeeds neither as comedy (i defy you to laugh even once) or romance (madonna's ice-princess routine precludes any chemistry). it's not even bad enough for us bad-movie lovers to enjoy. a real shame...

this movie "joshua" is extremely disturbing, and downright pointless. it actually makes me shudder to think there are people who would enjoy watching it. without giving away the story it is about a young boy's reaction to his newborn sister, and that is just the tip of the iceberg. during the entirety of this movie the viewer is subjected to some of the most unsettling child behavior imaginable. adding insult to injury, by the end of this movie there is absolutely no real outcome except the fruition of pure evil at the hands of a child no less, who outsmarted a whole group of dumb adults. there is no redemption, no justice served, and a whole group of adults who are not smart enough to see what is going on around them. frankly, i did not enjoy watching this movie. it was extremely unsettling. even for those who might enjoy horror movies, this movie could be too much. despite the fact this movie was well acted, the story itself is so disturbing that watching it was equivalent to a 90 minute wait in a dentist's waiting room in anticipation of some painful dental procedure.

the acting in the film is really well done honestly, but the movie is so slow and so boring, as soon as it gets interesting everything slows to a major halt. i am glad to see sam rockwell in this, he did a great job, so did the other actors as i mentioned but man... this is one of the worst dragged out films i have ever seen. now maybe in a short film form this movie would be good, but other than that, avoid it. this film has so much filler it makes a twinkie cake jealous. i never, ever, walk out on films, but watching this one at home with family, i walked out. yeah, it was that boring. apparently my comment doesn't have enough lines to post, so here's some more filler. i guess i was inspired by the movie i just watched.

i watched the whole movie, waiting and waiting for something to actually happen. maybe it's my fault for expecting evil and horror instead of psychology? is it a weird re-telling of the oedipal myth: i want to kill my father and mother and marry my uncle and compose musical theater with him? i didn't understand why certain plot elements were even present: why was the construction upstairs, why was there that big stairwell with a perfect spot for someone to fall to their doom if no one was actually going to do so, why have the scenes at all with the father at work, why have such a nice kitchen if you're only going to eat takeout, why would the boy want to be baptized and the parents be the ones to resist instead of the other way around. i see lots of good reviews for this movie...has my taste been corrupted by going up with 70s b-movies and old sci fi flicks?

i gave this more than a 1 because i did think there were some moral lessons in this story and it provoked some thought and comment from my wife and i. the acting and the dialogue were mediocre and i must confess i came out feeling like i had been beaten over the head with the god this , god that and christ is our saviour stuff. the movie and the story line did not need it. if , as i am , you are a recovering catholic or christian avoid this one it will make you nauseous. the movie did a good job of demonstrating the thin line between being a good citizen and how someone could become a potential stalker focused on what might have been.

i was interested in seeing this movie because i knew it was christian based. the director had a good idea/intentions when making this movie but it could have been better. i can understand why someone would still have feelings for who they believe is the greatest love of their life. however, i didn't understand why the director made his friends so insensitive, mean and rude. the main character kept apologizing to his friends when they were the ones mean to him. they weren't understanding at all and they used god as a reason to explain their behaviors. the main character, nor anyone else didn't know if the ex-girlfriend was divorced, still married etc but they were against him resolving old feelings that needed to be dealt with. his friends were suppose to be christians and should have been portrayed as being supportive whether they agreed with his decision or not. so many times we do things in life where we don't apologize to those we have hurt in the past and when he was trying to do this they were all against him. the ironic part was his new female friend accused him of having stalking behavior for simply looking up an old friend, when she did a really odd thing to get a hold of his name, address and phone number...she seemed to be the stalker!. she didn't seem like a friend at all but was only looking out for herself. god is love...and i think god wants people to be with the person they were meant to be with and i feel the movie did a terrible injustice by making it seem like god doesn't care about true love...only that you stay with someone you made a bad choice with. we all make mistakes...it's all about what steps you take to make amends. like i said the movie had potential but i was tired of the one-sided point of view being constantly repeated and jammed down the viewers throat by his so-called...well-meaning friends. this movie didn't hold true to the christian belief of love but i give it a c for its effort.

dave is going through a divorce and his mind wanders back to his first love. "wanders" is probably not the word. i should say he fixates on the past girlfriend. he recalls to the day when the relationship ended. the dream sequences only lack the hazy transitions. he fondly recalls their favorite songs and places they went. i'm not a counselor, but maybe this had something to do with the failed marriage???? dave goes to a support group and meets up with a lady half his age (also divorced) who, instead of being "turned off" by his creepiness, starts to become interested in him. did i mention how creepy dave is? he sometimes refers to himself in the third person. he doesn't move his arms when he walks, either. it's just weird. too make a long story short, dave plots to hunt down mary (the old gal friend) and kill her...err...i mean confront her. he does so. which was really creepy. he believes her to be married, yet he still flies half-way across the country to meet her. he stakes out her house to make sure she is alone, before he "drops in" on her. he has an awkward conversation with her that ends with his sharing the gospel of christ in about 10 words or less, and flies back to the new young girlfriend. we enjoyed the movie mostly for unintentional comedic value. i am still entertaining the wife with my dave impressions...."i heard another dave & mary song!"

from everything i'd read about the movie, i was excited to support a film with a christian theme. everything about the movie was very unprofessionally done. especially the writing! without good writing a movie doesn't have a chance. the writer/director said in an interview that he didn't want to give away how the title relates to the story. believe me, it was no big surprise. i kept waiting for the teenage/young adult back-story to unfold, but it never did. as someone who has gone through a divorce, i was very disappointed. this movie would have been no comfort to me when i first went through the emotional turmoil that divorce can bring to your life as a christian!

"a young woman unwittingly becomes part of a kidnapping plot involving the son of a movie producer she is babysitting. the kidnappers happen to be former business partners of the son's father and are looking to exact some revenge on him. our babysitter must bide her time and wait to see what will become of the son and herself, while the kidnappers begin to argue amongst themselves, placing the kidnap victims in great peril," according to the dvd sleeve's synopsis.that acclaimed director rené clément could be responsible for this haphazard crime thriller is the real shocker. despite beginning with the appearance of having been edited in a washing machine, the film develops a linear storyline. once you've figured out what is going on, the engaging maria schneider (as michelle) and endearing john whittington (as boots) can get you through the film. there are a couple of female nude scenes, which fit into the storyline well.**** wanted: babysitter (10/15/75) rené clément ~ maria schneider, john whittington, vic morrow

except for the brady variety hour, this was some of the hokiest television i've seen in a while. the video production qualities weren't too bad, but the overall look and feel were unmistakeably early 80's. and marie osmond looks like she did battle with the avon lady.. and lost big time. way too much eyeliner.it was kind of embarrassing to watch veterans danny kaye and eric severeid take part in this. even more interesting was watching alex haley talk about the african pavillion in world showcase that would be opening 'in about a year.'as of this writing it is 17 years later and it hasn't opened yet (unless you count disney's animal kingdom.) all in all though, for all the shortcomings, this still an interesting visual piece of disney history.

this may be the worst show i've ever seen. aside from the tastelessness of having a sitcom about hitler, it just isn't funny or entertaining in any way. it is very similar to a 1950's sitcom in its cornball humor and contrived situations, but while it can be well done like in i love lucy, it's just not funny here. i think the show was based around the novelty "look, it's hitler as a bumbling sitcom figure" but it just fell flat in every regard. the guy playing hitler is so hammy that its hard to sit through that alone. i wonder what could have possibly made the network think this was a good idea to air. i thought america had some tasteless show, but the brits had us beat this time. america would never air a sitcom about hitler, although we did have that show about lincoln's slave, the secret diary of desmond pfeiffer. chances are you'll probably never see this show, since it only aired one episode and will probably never be released on dvd.

i wonder who was responsible for this mess. the jokes wouldn't have worked for gilligan's island. if this had gone to series, would there have been jokes about auschwitz, or would eva have to replace her oven, only to have adolf suggest the kind that seats 50?? another post compared this show to i love lucy. the problem with this is that lucille ball was a genius at physical comedy and bizarre situations, and this mess was just plain badly done and an insult to my intelligence. after the damage the nazi's did to england and the number of people they killed, i would think the very concept of a comedy about hitler would seem repugnant and most normal people would have killed this concept before any episodes were produced.

wow you guys are way too nice!!!corny,corny,corny that is how i feel about that film.it started well with a good idea , a guy (edward asner) escape from jail dressed as santa,a bunch of kids find him and believes his the real santa so the fake santa enlist the children to help him find a bag of stolen money.the film is like a christmas version of "whistle down the wind". the movie start well but gradually it becomes cheesier and cheesier to the point that at the end it becomes ridiculous and you just cant take this film seriously. for example you get the scrooge type character called sumner (rene auberjonois) who's a total douchebag who treat his young son like a pile a rubbish ,he treat his son so bad that he don't even buy him decent clothes,the poor kid wears jeans with holes in it! but a 45 second scene with fake santa visiting sumner and by the end of the film you get the guy all happy singing christmas carol and giving his neglected son a hug...yep that is how corny it is... i'm all for feel good movie especially during christmas and i am a big fan of seasonal tv movie but this one is way too over the top for me,it is a shame because it started well but the second half of the movie is trowing a supernatural element to the film that just don't match with the rest of it. it's not totally bad,there are some solid acting , especially from the children but there are plenty of better christmas film around.

**spoilers**khamosh is totally unrealistic, lacks a plot, and was basically only made to see stars portray themselves. the most suspenseful scene in the movie was when shabana azmi is in the shower and then we see her tv playing the shower scene from psycho. this movie actually expected users to believe that naseeruddin shah's character has a good enough memory to remember where certain shots were fired and how many!***spoiler begins***at the end, the killer spills his guts to shabana azmi long enough to allow naseeruddin shah's character to run up and shoot him!***spoiler ends***it is a little humorous (only a little) in the beginning to hear the director and cast members throwing insults at each other and hearing shabana azmi exclaim, "oh sh-t!"overall, a baaaaaaaaaaad movie!rating: ** out of ********** (2 out of 10)

>>>>>>>>>>>>> >>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>> >>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>> >>>>>>>> >>>>>>> with their no holds bar cruel offensive humor, sure enough to offended anyone, you would sure think this would be a laugh riot! ............wrong. worest movie since open water. don't be to surprised if you completely miss this movie upon release date as i'm sure it wont do very good at all at the box office. this movie had a lot of potential but fell to little to short. no enough character development, awkward actors and the upside of this movie was nudity. boobs. amazing. if i had to see this movie again, i myself would go postal. <<<<<<<<<<<< <<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<< <<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<< <<<<<<<

today, i wrote this review in anger at uwe boll and hollywood.hollywood has produced movies based on one of the darkest days of our nation. 911 changed everything. it changed our perception of security. it changed our understanding of the evil of man and humanity. most importantly and devastatingly , it changed our world.however, i can't not stress how utterly repulsed, disillusioned, and angry i am at the careless, blatant ignorance of hollywood seeking to make a lucrative profit out of death and destruction. this film and those like it are bound to cause controversy amid word-of-mouth among moviegoers and critics alike; most surely to be echoed by the mainstream press. hollywood has sunk to a new low. even lower than the low-down bastards who perpetrated the most barbaric acts of savagery and unrelenting cruelty. behind it all is uwe boll. i am very angry at this movie. how dare they disrespect the memories of families of those lost? how dare they mock the lives of the brave men and women who risked their lives to save those trapped in the doomed towers on that fateful day of infamy?!?!? how dare they try to satirize and at the same time capitalize on a national tragedy in the mist of a mourning and weary post-911 world?!?!?! how...dare...they? to those who have the gall to even think of seeing this morally appalling travesty, i say this with a heavy heart with all my strength: remember. think back to that day and ask yourself whether or not you are a sane and moral person. think back to that day, ask yourself whether or not this film is a disgrace and dishonor to the lives lost on that day. think back to that day of the outcry of families of loved ones. think back to that day of the lives lost on those two planes. think back to the further carnage it caused following the attacks.ask yourself if you have a soul.think. remember. respect the memories of the lives lost on 911 by not seeing this film at all.

i watched this movie at a sneak preview screening and i'm glad i didn't pay for it. this movie is just disgusting. its full of dick and fart jokes and takes no pride in the action sequences(such as the shootout in "little germany"). i made a little list of things i enjoyed in the movie.. and a lot of which i didn't agree of.1. dave foley's penis. 2. the fart jokes. 3. the poop jokes. 4. the dude was a pussy. 5. no gary coleman. 6. the talibans 7. again making fun of bush.. we get it he's an idiot.. move on. 8. the dude has blonde hair. 9. the plot. 10. the killing of minors 11. uwe boll was in it. 12. most of the cast were just outrages and out there.now the (few) good ones1. the dude uses a cat as a silencer like in the game. 2. lots of action. 3. crotchy made a return (and a cameo of the maker of postal) 4. uhm.. i didn't have to pay for it. 5. there are a few "what the ef" momentsboll did it again. he made another crappy game into movie adaption. kudos to you, mr boll. 2/10

if i could i would give zero stars for this one, but unfortunately i have to give one...there is no single scene i could laugh about... but the game didn't make me laugh either. so if you're some ill retarded folk, go to your local cinema, watch this movie and give it 10 stars, like some people here already did.but for me... in a movie where children are shot dead to achieve humor... good taste goes over the edge... this was the third time i wasted my time to see a boll movie and it was definitely my last!0/10... i'm ashamed of being from the same country as uwe boll!please please keep him from making more movies!!!!!

i saw this movie at the edmonton international film festival, with the great dr. uwe boll in attendance.the film is, simply put, very, very bad. and no, not in the usual uwe boll "so bad it's actually entertaining" way, but just plain bad. the plot concerns a man who leads a terrible life (because of a past criminal record, apparently), can't get a job, and with an awful 900 pound cheating wife. this man turns to his cult-leader uncle in a plan to steal a truck load of toys that contain the bird flu virus. al qaeda also has designs on stealing the toys, and what follows is just under two hours of completely incomprehensible sex and violence.the acting is awful (except for dave foley, who really tries, despite it all), the jokes never rise above children being shot in the chest in slow motion, and people taking a poo. it's supposed to be satire, but i'm not sure of what.think "airplane!", but done by the creators of south park, and without any jokes.

okay this is gona be short and sweet review...something the movie should have taken a practice ina nd made its life shorter and sweeter than it was.this movie is $^@%. there's a good reason there was a petition with over 40,000 + signatures all demanding uwe boll stop making movies from franchises people liked. blood rayne being a biggie there.the jokes are good...if you've never heard them a thousand times before. the acting is descent but u can really only blame the script for that. i even a few moments wonder if they're even using a script.the movie has little to nothing to do with the original games. hello if you've played the games u know the main character has no real motivation outside homicidal urges like mass murder because he stubbed his toe or simular. there's way too much story for such a stupid movie. like i said. i wouldn't even steal this movie. and for the person who says this is ' funniest movie of 2007'..........need to take a look around, the news is better than this.

i'm not going to waste my time writing an essay and waste your time. i would like to say, however, that all those who are uptight about this movie even being made are being totally ridiculous. johnnymacbest, you can't play that card, and i mean the nationalism patriotic card, to make people not watch this movie. this is a movie that expresses its free will in this country (oh yea i played that card)even though the director is german and deserves a slap on the wrist every time he reaches for a camera, but the world is full of controversy, and its the same thing you've heard before, like the gta controversy. it's a comedy, laugh and be disgusted, not disgusted all together, its dark humor and obviously you don't have the heart to take it, the past is past, yes people remember those who were lost but its time to move on, that was !!!7!!! years ago. you can still watch this movie and have good moral values. besides i'm insane, and who needs a soul?

uwe boll has done the impossible: create a game adaptation that stays at least somewhat true to the game; he has turned a game full of antisocial and offensive content into a movie full of antisocial and offensive content. so, as an adaptation, it's a success.unfortunately, it's still uwe boll we are dealing with here, so don't expect the movie to be actually any good. while it does have it's moment, "postal" wears out his welcome very fast and becomes a pain to sit through.at its core, postal is a satire on the united states, as done by a twelve year old kid. boll seems to think that offensiveness is linearly proportional to comedic value: the more offensive, the funnier, and the more exaggerated the funnier. this results in a movie that sets new levels of tastelessness while being extremely hit and miss. yes, some gags do work but it seems to be pure luck. high points include the director satirizing himself, and people getting hit very violently by trucks and other vehicles. low points include..well pretty much everything else.after the initial surprise wears off, postal simply becomes a bore to watch. yes there is a good joke every and good point ten minutes, but everything else consists of hordes of annoying characters shooting and chasing each other all over the place for what seems to be an eternity.this probably would have worked as a short movie, but it's just not enough content for something that lasts over 90 minutes (although it feels twice as long). there are nice ideas and nice tries, but they get hopelessly lost in endless and pointless action scenes and content that is offensive just for the sake of it 4/10

"blood of the sacred, blood of the damned" is the third installment of the gabriel knight games, a series of adventure games about the roguish writer/paranormal detective, gabriel knight. gabriel and his companion, grace, have been asked by prince james of albany to investigate a series of mysterious attacks by so-called "night visitors." when the son of prince james is kidnapped, gabriel pursues the night visitors to rennes le château, where he begins piecing together a mystery relating to the holy grail.despite the marketing, this game is not about vampires. vampires have a token appearance in the game, but never command center stage, as did the voodoo hounfor in "sins of the fathers" or the werewolves in "the beast within." gabriel and grace make no attempt to uncover the true nature of vampires, or to research lore on vampires. although the vampires do murder three people during the course of the game, their victims are chosen at random and have nothing to do with the main plot.a large part of the charm of the first two gabriel knight installments was in the relationships which gabriel formed with the villains. through these relationships, the player could not help but sympathize with the villain, and thus the villain was transformed into more of a human and less of a monster. however, in "blood of the sacred," gabriel's only interaction with the villain is through a single, cheesy interview, which does nothing to endear the villain to the player.the roles that gabriel and grace play in this mystery are fairly futile. gabriel spends his time snooping into the identities of members of a treasure-hunter tour group staying at his hotel, but what he uncovers amounts to nothing more than a red herring. grace spends her time researching the mystery of rennes le château, but all her research is rendered superfluous by the presence of a perplexing ally who has known the answer to this mystery for centuries.the actions of this perplexing ally and his polar opposite --- the vampire leader --- are insupportable. the ally leaves hints about the mystery of rennes le château in broad daylight and expects grace (and not the other treasure hunters from the tour group) to find them. however, he could have revealed the mystery to grace in its entirety on day 1, instead of putting the kidnapped child at risk for an additional 48 hours. and in the end, he simply tells grace the mystery in its entirety anyway.meanwhile, the vampire leader fails to achieve the goals of centuries of scheming, because he chooses to refrain from action for two days after the kidnapping of the child. the only reason given for his decision to delay action is that he wants to savor his victory.the game would have been much better had it been purely focused on the holy grail. the kidnapping and vampires should have been omitted, replaced with a race against the vatican to uncover the mystery of rennes le château. since gabriel is portrayed more than once as reluctantly catholic, this conflict would have had many opportunities for character development.all in all, the game was a disappointing installment in the series, despite an improved interface and the return of tim curry as the voice of gabriel knight.

spoilers: i'm always surprised at how many people gave this game good reviews. it was awful. the script and voice acting alone ruined it. gabriel and grace are the most unlikeable characters in the game. you almost pray for their deaths. and worst of all, there are less vampires in this game than there were werewolves in the beast within.the lack of real vampires was incredibly disappointing. if you're expecting some kind of anne rice style vampire story, forget it. this game's story has very little to do with vampires. you won't even see any till about the very end and even then, you won't get to fight them.the story has radical, and pretty much blasphemous, views of christianity. i'm amazed it got off the drawing board. i'm not even christian and i found it offensive. mostly, the story centers around a search for the holy grail and buried treasure. the kidnapping of a royal baby, which should have been the focus, really gets pushed aside. there is no sense of urgency for gabriel to find the baby. in fact, he almost never asks anyone about the baby after the first few time blocks.the graphics are pretty bad. the characters move about at a snail's pace even on the best of systems. they are chunky and outdated. and it's hard to go from the fmv of the beast within to this horrible game engine for blood of the sacred.the relationship between gabriel and grace takes an awful turn, too. i really don't know why it was so horribly rushed, but they do sleep together. and it's not fun. gabriel spends most of the game telling his best friend mosely how he thinks of grace as more of a sister and he doesn't think she's the one for him. and he seems really grossed out that they slept together. but he's so unlikeable throughout the game, that you almost don't even care at that point. his dialogue was the worst in the game. and he was constantly making stupid sexual innuendos at anything female the entire game. by the end of the game, grace leaves him with what appears to be a dear john letter. i guess she was as fed up with him as most of the players were.i found the story to be annoying and boring. i was expecting to play a story of a royal baby who was kidnapped by vampires. and i was expecting to get to see and fight vampires, maybe even have gabriel or grace turn into one. but no. instead, the story focused on the author's warped vision of christianity. what a shame. here they had the elements for a great adventure, and instead we got this.for me, the only interesting parts of the game were actually at the very end. we do get a few action style puzzles at the end. but it wasn't worth suffering through the entire game to get to them.i can't really recommend this game. i had gotten it back when it came out, years ago, and i hated the game engine so much that i shelved it for years. i only recently dusted it off to see what i'd been missing. and now, i'm very sorry that i did. my favorite characters were ruined. i hope there will be a fourth game just to redeem the series. and i hope they get it right next time. it would be a terrible shame to end the series with this installment.

pier paolo pasolini, or pee-pee-pee as i prefer to call him (due to his love of showing male genitals), is perhaps the most overrated european marxist director - and they are thick on the ground. how anyone can see "art" in this messy, cheap sex-romp concoction is beyond me. some of the "stories" here could have come straight out of a soft-core porn film, and i am not even so much referring to the nudity but the simplistic and banal, often pointless stories. anyone who enjoyed this relatively watchable but dumb oddity should really sink his teeth into the "der schulmaedchenreport" soft-porn german 70s movie series, because that's what "decameron" looks like to me.besides, the movie is sloppy on nearly all levels, from start to finish: 1. editing. an example: at 1 hour:15 minutes:45 seconds there is a chasing scene that is put quite clearly in the wrong place. it was supposed to be placed about a minute later, but i guess that pasolini must have hired boozed-up editors who have little time for the "fine details" of movie-making. pee-pee-pee's fans would probably counter this by saying that it was placed there intentionally - which i very much doubt. besides, even if that were true, that would be even worse, because that story gains absolutely nothing by making it harder to follow. (this isn't exactly "eraserhead" or one of tarantino's broken-form films...) 2. acting. vey sloppy. triple pee's fans (all 8 of them) proudly declare how 3p-o uses "real people instead of actors". (aren't actors people? or are they martians? sure, many actors have sub-par iqs but does that mean we should treat them with contempt...?) other directors have used amateurs and succeeded (such as alan parker or de niro), so why are ppp's amateurs so utterly awful in his movies? the answer is once again appalling sloppiness. pasolini is sloppy in everything, and that includes trying to get as much out of his toothless amateurs as he can. he is a lazy director, an imperfectionist if you like. the anti-kubrick, i suppose... pee-pee-pee's principal goal when casting must have been to find as many toothless old people as possible (and young men that are to his liking). in pasolini's world there is a simple formula: lack of teeth + strange face = realism. it's all well and fine to have them toothless, but at least try to eke out some at least semi-decent performances out of these inexperienced neo-thespians, otherwise you're an amateur yourself - an amateur director, in pasolini's case. whether 3p-0 wasn't capable of this feat or simply didn't care doesn't change anything. (who knows... maybe he didn't even notice the awful acting?) 3. audio. the synchronization. if 3p-0 felt that microphones are too much of a hassle when filming a movie, then he ought to have at least made a concerted effort in post-production, i.e. getting all these bum actors to say their lines on cue in the studio, so that we the viewers wouldn't have to watch mouths move while the elusive dialogue floats elsewhere in the movie.4. lack of concept. we have close to a dozen stories which aren't connected in any meaningful way. some are anti-church (more on that later), while some are merely sex yarns i.e. cheap male (sometimes gay) fantasies designed to titillate and nothing else. the stories and characters are not amusing (if at all) on an intelligent level, but on the basest level. 10 year-old kids can laugh here... and there is nothing wrong with that, but then don't call it exalted, intellectual art! 5. as a result of point 4, there is also a lack of logic in the order of the stories. that goes without saying. pee-pee-pee could have arranged the order in any other way, and we would have had the exact same movie. this also means that you can feel free to start from the middle then go back to the beginning, etc. "decameron" is like a bowl of spaghetti that way: when you start eating it you can begin with any thread you want, it makes no difference at all.6. the pointlessness of the stories' resolutions. most stories end with a cheap gag/joke, i.e. some damn dumb punchline straight out of a porn comic-book, whereas some stories don't even have a conclusion: they merely end. finito. at best, the stories are watchable semi-anecdotes, barely any deeper meaning there - unless you find "deep" meanings in a porno. there is, of course, nothing easier than looking for and finding "meaning" where there is an absence of it. hence even any hardcore porn film can be philosophized/mused over endlessly. it's easy and fun. try it, oh ye 8 ppp fans! as for the church-bashing... some viewers get all excited about his attack on catholicism and what-not. in principal, that's all well and fine - after all, i'm an atheist myself - but what those people ignore is the simple but essential fact that pasolini was a marxist. it's like the pot calling the kettle black. a marxist criticizing the church for hypocrisy and stupidity? where does he get the nerve? besides, pasolini wasn't an atheist, hence his high-and-mighty and self-righteous stance isn't justified. after all, marxists are believers: they merely substituted the accepted god with the idea of a utopia, which is merely another supernatural wishful-thinking fantasy. hence i cannot get excited about ppp's anti-religion antics.this sophomoric humpdorama anthology ends with pasolini saying rather pretentiously: "i wonder... why produce a work of art when it's nice just to dream about it?" he wasn't actually referring to this silly little movie as art, was he...? in case he was - the poor deluded man - then i have to wonder why he didn't just leave it at dreaming, and not make all those bad movies...wanna read my altered subtitles of bergman movies? e-mail me.

now isn't it? considering all the good work done by danzel,clive and jodie, the movie never grew into something more than a horrible die-hard/heist movies copycat. yes a couple of jokes, no absolutely no unpredictable twists, to be honest the only unpredictable moments are there because both director and editor made some stupid mistakes, it is a shame for them and a waste of time for us. if someone can tell me why on earth were they digging a hole inside that safe, who the hell is the rebe and how on earth did they know that the diamonds were in the particular cell, it could just make my day, but it seems that spike asks us to take too much things in this one for granted, and do not raise our eyebrows when something looks stupid...its just another studio contract movie relax and enjoy...

three story lines and not enough tying them together, "inside man" was very jumpy and an incomplete attempt to be artistic and realistic. though having its moments, the movie started off looking like a fast thriller which quickly grounded to a slow crawl, jumped quickly between highs and lows, and only barely picked up steam again near the last 20 minutes. i will give credit to denzel washington, he played his part extremely well with a full grasp of his human side and not just the typical "super-detective" with all the answers. clive owen also did quite well with his duality part as "evil genius" and "criminal mastermind" (both not the same in retrospect). overall though, each person individually created a great sub-section. yet, when the parts finally came together and everything counted, there was no sudden "ah-ha!" or summation of everything. it all ended up with very little of the energy it began with, with a lot of plot-holes, tons of questions, and as i said earlier, no where near spike lee's normal level. i have to completely disagree with the so-called "professional critics"... this is not the movie they play it up to be.

this movie makes no sense at all, there are plot holes big enough to drive enormous nypd vehicles through. the characters do not act in any plausible way whatsoever. i will put my comments in the chat board, but save your time and money, this is stupid. i can't stand when hollywood spends millions of dollars on flash bang equipment and uses fancy editing and cool music, and does not bother to have a plot that hangs together at even the most basic level. but it is nice to see denzel w. prevail over the man, who comes in 3 flavors, jodi foster, mayor bloomberg and capt. von trapp. there is even a sweet little kid with a video game who is nice.

this has to be the cheapest film made in 21st century. it is all the way low quality, but at the end it falls below... everything. all the cheap tricks - like flashing and darkness - are used to hide those crappy computer effects.all the actors are below average, especially the main character anne fletcher (simmone mackinnon). there is a scene, where anne is asked: "why you seem so careless?" the correct answer is, because she can't act. no matter what happens (the world is about to be destroyed, her friend is dying, she is fired), she has the same stupid grin in her face.it is not only the movie, which is b -quality. it is also the back cover description (at least in finland). the text mentions things like lorica gray -vessel, capital -vessel and main character garrison harper and anna (not anne) fletcher. the description sounds like a different movie, both featuring character called fletcher and sea monsters

deep shock plays out like a tv movie: a whole cast of commercial-quality actors, a poorly designed creature to be the "bad guy," and a script that is more full of technical, political jargon and importances than it knows what to do with.i checked out the movie because of the creature (i love to see what filmmakers have in mind for their designs in these cheaply made videos), and right off the bat, i got disappointed because the creature on the box was not the one in the movie. the actors i expected because of the type of film it is (really quite generic and not thought out past a certain point). the music was typical, not-thought-out action symphonic music.i liked the design of the computers and technical equipment, along with the mini-sub design. the movie even flowed really well, with guiding screens letting you know which set you're watching the story unfold in. but there isn't much of a story here anyways.this movie gets a 3/10 stars imo. the boring search and destroy mission to blow up the north pole and these creatures protecting it...kinda lame. even lamer is the tagged-on love relationship between two of the characters that you don't see coming. chalk this one up to being a movie which tries to get actors' careers off the bench and into a video. don't bother.

while it does crack the odd good joke, the humour is generally quite dry with members of the panel frequently pulling faces or resorting to coarse language and waiting on the crowd to applaud lame enough jokes.unlike what an other comment says i don't think this is the best rte have ever made, its really dry and sarcastic. sarcasm is the lowest form of wit, there are few truly funny intelligent gags that would make you genuinely laugh out loud. people seem to be convinced by the comedians well known names rather than by judging the quality of the gags which aren't really that good. overall its mediocre with some good laughs to be had but often it can be fairly mediocre. its not as good as jasper carrot or dave allens stuff. i find benny hill funnier.

absolutely one of the worst movies i've seen in a long time! it starts off badly and just deteriorates. katherine heigl is woefully miscast in a lolita role and leo grillo manfully struggles with what is essentially a cardboard cutout character. the only cast-member with any enthusiasm is tom sizemore, who hams it up as a villain and goes completely overboard with his role. the script is dire, the acting horrible and it has plot holes big enough to drive a double-decker bus through! it is also the most sexist movie i have ever seen! katherine heigl's character is completely unsympathetic. she's seen as an evil, wanton seductress who lures the poor, innocent married man to cheat on his wife. it is implied throughout the movie that she's underage, and the message that accompanies that plot-strand just beggars belief! at the end, she isn't even able to redeem herself by shooting the man who's obviously (ha!) become demented with rage and guilt, but the script allows him to kill himself, thereby redeeming himself in the eyes of males everywhere. horrible. don't waste your time.

the scenery is pretty and the dog is cute. other than that, this film has absolutely nothing to recommend it. jack warden is pleasantly genial as usual, but the script is so awful that even he comes off badly. the plot makes no sense, the dialogue is dumb, and there are numerous smaller faults. but the dog is cute...

i rented this film thinking it was the sobbingly sad 1959 version i saw as a kid. it was not. i was therefore very disappointed with what i felt was marginal acting, poor character development, and most of all, failure to highlight the relationship between the boy and his dog. in this version... the "dog of flanders" is just a cute "aside" to the movie. get the 1959 version!

people love the original story for its ending. the hollywood style ending made this 99 version of 'a dog of flanders' just for kids movie. i didn't cry this time because the story was too hollywood. japanese tv series are much better.

"the running jumping & standing still film" is not a film as such, but it is a short series of clips with a comical slapstick theme. this 'film' got richard lester recognised and paved the way for him to direct the first beatles film: 'a hard day's night".richard lester directed and wrote the music for his first film in 1959. this film was entitled the running, jumping, & standing still film. it was intended to be viewed only by those who had aided in its production. since the film was intended to be viewed by lester and his partners alone, a small amount of money and time was invested. the sole purpose of this film is entertainment, but the main reason for its existence is the fact that it served as an experiment to work the camera. the film cost 70£ to make, and it was filmed in sepia-toned film stock in a field on a couple of sundays. all of the shots that were filmed were included in the finished production; the finished production is eleven minutes in length.the running, jumping, & standing still film is a comedy about english sundays and the small hobbies that people do to pass the time. all of the events in this film take place in a field. a few of these comical events include a woman scrubbing a lawn, a man running around a tree stump with a needle to play a record, a photographer developing film in a pond, an artist aided in painting by the numbers on a model's face, a man building a tent, an athlete running over the tent, and a duel between a man with a knife and a man with a gun. not only does the film poke fun at the hobbies that people do to pass the time away, but it also pokes fun at english culture when compared to american culture. another one of several events in this film includes a group of men and a kite, which has been constructed out of the flag of the united kingdom. one of the men jumps inside the kite while the other men attempt to fly it, and the kite breaks. according to neil sinyard, author of the films of richard lester, this event symbolizes the united kingdom as lesser in power and technology when compared to the united states during the space age. according to this scene, the british fly primitive kites while the americans, the world-power after world war ii, fly highly-advanced rockets and space shuttles.

an interesting change from the first one. there was more mystery to this movie then the first. even when it ends your asking yourself what happened who was the killer. there are some good parts through the movie, the first half starts off slow and then in the last half the pace picks up. all up the movie is enjoyable. the story is 22 years after the events that occured in the first film, norman bates is out of an asylum and back to the bates motel, but when a woman turns up claiming to be his real mother, things start going wrong. perkins plays an aged norman well again and the scene at the end was excellent, he swang that spade awfully hard.

horrendous pillaging of a classic.it wasn't written convincingly at all why mary should develop such sympathy for bates. he may be more stable until they start playing pranks with him, but he still doesn't help himself at all with his actions. (inviting a comparative stranger to stay alone with him in his until recently disused motel; telling the attractive young girl of his past mental issues; lying about the knives, etc... ) this, in addition to her previous knowledge should have kept mary extremely wary of him, but this somehow doesn't happen just so they can play the 'mistaken-identity-murder-game later on. which in itself is also ridiculous: 'so-and-so is the real killer - plus her as well - also him! there were too many contrived twists in order to slap a story on screen when the narrative didn't need extending.it was good to see perkins reprising his famous role again, but that's about the only small pleasure to be had. it's definitely not a patch on hitchcock, and if you have no intention of even trying to get close then you shouldn't be bothering at all.

this dumb comedy really does a good job of wasting comedic talent. in particular, dan aykroyd and howard hesseman are misused badly here. i might have chuckled once or twice during this film, but in general, it's a boring movie, with a little bit of stupidity thrown in for good measure. the premise, although routine, still wasn't bad, but once the plot was set, the film went nowhere. don't waste your time with this misfire.

this is without a doubt the worst movie i have ever seen. it is not funny. it is not interesting and should not have been made.

this movie is so bad, it can only be compared to the all-time worst "comedy": police academy 7. no laughs throughout the movie. do something worthwhile, anything really. just don't waste your time on this garbage.

his first movie after longtime friend john belushi's death, aykroyd shows much fatigue trying to pull off a character that would have been a snap for belushi.instead, "doctor detroit" gives us bookish professor aykroyd masquerading as a weird, violent pimp to ward off a rival known only as mom. that's bad enough, but he also has classes to teach, a school dinner to host, four ladies of the evening to protect and a pimp's dinner (or something like that) to attend. no wonder aykroyd seems stupefied most of the time. why should the viewer be alone?it was on this film that aykroyd met future wife donna dixon. at least some good came out of this chaotic mess.one and a half stars. you want good aykroyd, see "the blues brothers". you want bad, see "doctor detroit".

you know those films that have you trapped in the cinema? you're stuck there in the best seat in the house, centre of the row in your own special sweet spot that you swapped three times before you got just the right seat - and after about what feels like 13 hours you are still trapped there, uncomfortable and itchy, thinking "when the f*** is this film ever going to end???" (you know the feeling - think of a.i. and the village).well, visitor q delivers a weird variant of that feeling. i sat there for the first 30 minutes wondering when the thing was going to f***ing start! it is interminable! so "arty" it hurts. this is the first miike takashi film i have watched. apparently he makes films by the dozen and, if they are all pretentious w@nk like this, i suspect it will be the last.i'm not against pretentious w@nk. david lynch is up there amongst the top 10 directors for me but visitor q is cut-rate, cheap, and nasty pretentious w@nk. as you may have worked out by now - i hated it.

this movie was terrible. throughout the whole movie, i was puzzled and did not see any point to it. i had to go to this site and read the review to finally understand what it was about. this movie is not worth watching at all. not only is it sick and revolting but totally stupid! please don't watch unless you are one of those that likes to watch bad movies. if this movie questions japanese society and their values and roles, than this is a country that i would not like to visit or bother to know. this is a totally sick movie!!!!!!!! i did not enjoy it because it made no sense. my boyfriend and i sat there waiting to see if it was a horror because that is what it was listed under. it was total disappointment.

"visitor q" is a failed attempt at black comedy which focuses on what might be the world's most dysfunctional family including physical abuse from beatings to murder to incest to sodomy to necrophilia to a lactating mom who nurses her husband and adult daughter, etc. the film is so outrageous it garnered some critical praise and established a small cult following. however, with home video quality and a slapdash production, "visitor q" just doesn't hold up even as a curiosity. genitals are blurred out and sanitary appliances clearly visible, make-up is awful, and everything else is amateurish at best. a waste of time. (c-)

this movie stinks. i don't think i have ever seen a movie so strung up on shock value. the plot was relatively interesting, but the dialog was super flat and the acting was bland. this could have been an a good movie. i think it just relied on it's grotesque visuals. i can usually handle graphic scenes and human taboos, but it felt like miike shot it for the sake of shooting it. just one poorly executed film. there just isn't anything to be entertained by watching this film unless you are fascinated by exhausting yourself with explicit scenes of incest, pedophilia, necrophilia, rape, self milking, parental and sibling abuse, and fecal dispersement. i think i just sold the film to many of you, but i meant it when i said this stinks. he has succeeded in other films, but i think you'd be better off watching someone pooping.

there is nothing cool, hip, or clever about this film-- liking it just reveals an ignorance of true art cinema. how can you so easily forget that the central fact of this entire film is that these mean & ugly people are . . . serial killers! if they have to dismember total strangers in order to "be a family again," then we don't want them to "be a family." what part of that did you have trouble grasping? why applaud this filth?this silly filth is what you do if you can't do art! one's head & life must be deeply empty to mistake this shallow viciousness as "interesting." this is a camera without a brain. what really makes an artwork cool is profundity, questioning the status quo from a perspective informed by a knowledge of history (or, in this case, a knowledge of anything would be preferable!). instead, this is just randomly piling up the ugliest images available in a world in meltdown, thanks to just the sort of empty meanness glorified as "cool cause it's so far out, man!"). these same violent events actually happen, every day. they are not "just in the film." they refer to actual soul-less people who would do those same things to you. do you want those things done to you? a child could have thought this up, it required zero imagination, it is not surrealism. this lazy crap has no content, is saying nothing--it's just the worst of the evening news, & it is saying nothing new, nothing we don't already know. it's "the emperor's new clothes," the director hoping there are enough uneducated children, proud of their streak of inhumanity, for this sloppy filth to fly. i can see director miike's demented fans now: chain-smoking teens-and- twenties drunks covered in tattoos, with metal hanging from holes punched in their faces, their knowledge-base inversely proportional to their intelligence estimate of themselves .there is no plot to this--it is just sheer exploitation of shock-value violence. there is no "hidden meaning" anywhere in this poorly made film. it is fine to explore a film to see if you can find cinematic devices that are ingeniously artistic, but you cannot uncover a hidden meaning if one is not there! to do that you need to view & review a real piece of cinema. there are plenty out there, directed by fellini, bergman, fassbinder, herzog, altman, bunuel, kurosawa, lynch, tarkovsky, peter greenaway, tarantino, guillermo del toro, richard linklater, eisenstein, aronofsky, gus van sant, soderbergh, shyamalan, ordet. why don't you view a real art film by the likes of these giants? this wannabe director, miike, will never make a film equal to one of the geniuses i just listed because he just doesn't have the talent! anyone could slap together some chaotic crap like "visitor q." teenagers could throw that together in one afternoon! there's no message, no meaning, no plot, nothing to it at all. there are long lists of art films to learn from--but this "visitor q" is not an art film in any respect. it has no content to it. it's just one banal horror piled onto another, and the point to remember about those hideous crimes is that those things happen, every single day, somewhere in the world. they are not okay because they are "just in the film." they refer to actual soul-less people who would do those same things to you. do you want those things done to you? to others? why? because this world is already ugly enough, thanks to people who enjoy thinking about horrific events like this. there are sooooo many art films out there to use your mind to deconstruct, but you are wasting your talents with this piece of crap. there is no deeper meaning. there is nothing to analyze; why keep trying? i've spent nearly 40 years watching practically every film ever made, and keeping up with all the new ones, but i've never seen anything as disgustingly pointless as this. it's not imaginative or even shocking, because these types of events happen daily all over the world. to make this film, or even to favorably review it, has caused over 50 young airheads who don't know any better to think it's "cool." they may grow up thinking that, convincing others, some of whom may end up doing these things--convicted killers often reveal how they started out just this way, by being desensitized to the horror of this gruesome inhumanity. trust me on this,--i know cool, and cool this piece of crap ain't. visitor q has the feel of a genuine snuff film, and i'm still not sure it isn't, actually. your actions have consequences, son. the world is awful enough already. some violence like this could happen to you, or to the socially irresponsible director who cranked out this fake art film. believe me, you won't be thinking it's "cool" when someone is sawing your skull in half!

okay, so i get it. we're supposed to be horrified. the idea has been planted. a girl is doing her dad and taking photos of it. call me over the shock-rock genre but i call for the explicit detailing of an act before i can fall for this. but don't expect me to watch a soft-porn and become horrified that she is 'doing her father'...i mean hasn't that convention become a bit abused in the adult film industry already infiltrated with 'rape, and molestation' porn...horror isn't what your mind can fool you into believing. it is what actually exists in film. this is where miike fails in visitor q. extremism becomes mild when it becomes a choose your own adventure.

this film is a twisted nonsense of a movie, set in japan about a dysfunctional family who end up with a strange violent guest who just sits back and watches the 4 members of the family at their worst. nothing is sacred in this movie, with sex drugs and violence stretched to such a limit i'm surprised it got past the censors.overall, i think it will appeal only to those whom we shouldn't be encouraging, rather than any supposed underlying message coming out for the rest of us to consider. a film that panders to the worst element in society and is in anyway utter gash... a disappointment from a man who made the sublime dead or alive and audition movies.

i actually retired from asian horror films some time ago after becoming completely sick of seeing samey ghost story rubbish. however, i've been getting more and more into exploitation flicks recently, and so decided to give them another chance. my first port of call was highly rated director takashi miike's highly rated 'visitor q'. i'd already seen audition, and while i didn't like it much, i do rate it as one of the better modern asian horror films. so, i went into this with sensible expectations; and unfortunately, found only boredom. i suppose this movie is actually really clever and it just went over my head, but what it seemed like to me was simply a collection of violent and nasty scenes with little or no coherency between them. any comparisons to the work of luis bunuel and david lynch is blasphemous as far as i'm concerned; all miike has done here is make a film; any intelligence surrounding it has been implemented by pretentious fans, desperate to find some kind of meaning. my headache set in about 10 minutes in (after a father had sex with his daughter for some reason), and it didn't subside until the movie finally ended; at least twenty four hours later, or so it would seem. don't get me wrong, i'm not against violence in movies and in fact actively seek out the most notorious films around; but while this may be violent, it's also pointless and boring and i didn't get one ounce of enjoyment out of it. takashi miike may have a lot of fans, but i'm certainly not one of them; and i certainly hope this is the last time i'll come into contact with one of his films.

anyone who could find redeeming value in this piece of crap ought to have their head examined. we have the submissive, heroin-addicted, part-time hooker wife with lacerations all over her body, lacerations received from repeated beatings by an abusive son. now, she is squirting breast milk all over the kitchen floor, the release so gained somehow akin to helen keller placing her hands in running water. we have the husband who starts out by patronizing a prostitute who just happens to be his daughter (she's upset with him because he came too quickly)and ends by murdering his female colleague, having sex with her corpse, and then chopping her up. we have the kid who is relentlessly bullied by his classmates and who comes home and beats his mom. you see, it's all circular. deep, huh? the only decent moment in this horrendous pile of tripe is when the dad murders his son's tormentors. it's a good thing this turkey was shot on video because otherwise what a waste of expensive film it would be. if that guy who thinks artists ought to be interested in this slop is really serious, no wonder most people think artists are insane. we saw this lousy movie, then put on "zero woman, the accused." oh my god, it was a tossup as to which one was worse. what is going on in japan these days? sick, sick, sick.

(big spoilers) i've seen one other takashi miike film, and that was the very disturbing and brutal 'audition', which was an examination of the japanese ideals of femininity! in 'visitor q'- which i think means 'visitor question'- he examines, in a very disturbingly gross way, the family unit. miike's surreal vision of a dysfunctional family almost tries to be lynchian in terms of confusion and film-making, but ultimately lacks the style and intrigue. we, the audience, are introduced to a bizarre array of scenarios from the opening scene with the father figure (kenichi endo- who was actually quite good) paying for sex with his displaced daughter (fujiko). then, as the father returns home, he is struck on the head by "the visitor" (kazushi watanabe) wielding a fairly sizeable rock, and for some reason, they both end up back at the family home. the mother (shungiku uchida) is beaten and bullied by her son (jun muto) who is also beaten and bullied by his school peers. when the visitor enters the home, he somewhat menacingly establishes himself as part of the unit. eventually, the family begin to improve their relationship, with assistance from the visitor, through milking breasts, murder and retaining a sense of family pride.and there are other crazy scenes that somehow bring the family closer together. it's has uncomfortable humour, but is equally frustratingly silly, and over-the-top in its weirdness. there is a necrophiliac scene that is utterly disgusting, but ends up being ridiculously funny as the scene progresses. partly because of the situation itself, and partly because you can't believe the filmmakers and the actors are actually doing this! the style of the film is poor to say the least, and the plot is stupid and unbelievably weak. the characters themselves are all over the place, and while i understand this is not meant to be realistic, there is hardly any interest in these confronting characters and situations as all of them border on the absurd! the camera-work is sloppy, and doesn't have that cinematic feel that lynch's work entails. it's hard to take this film seriously on a surrealist level, or on an interpretation of examining the family unit in japan. it just seems that miike was out to shock, and the film seems self-aware that it's "trying" to be shocking, and it becomes almost comical to be taken seriously. all in all, i would say that this film is a bizarrely dark comedy, but it looks and feels amateurish, and seems to unnecessarily want to shock. miike's previous film, audition, was finely balanced between disgusting horror, character development and technique- which established more intrigue in the way the film was crafted to allow the viewer to become engrossed with the plot. 'visitor q' is a step down as it tries too hard to be outlandishly bizarre and intentionally confronting, without really having much to say in the process! ** out of *****!

i like billy crystal, and i thought it would be fun to watch this film, since i know he admired alan king and they would be funny together. i thought i had seen all billy's movies but couldn't remember this one, and now i know why. it's so full of clichés and phony emotion; you can smell each scene coming (and going!). billy doesn't even get to be funny very often. he's too busy trying to cry fake tears or show his angst at how badly his father let him down. alan king himself is fairly likable, as is the subplot about being an extra in the movies. but what a coincidence that billy just happens to visit his father just as a major health crisis takes place, etc. etc. or that two busy doctors can just shut down their practices to moon around in la. and when the end comes, boy, does it come quickly! almost as though the writers realized they had painted themselves into a corner and the only way out was to do a death scene. mostly disappointing with a few glimmers of good humor.

billy crystal co-wrote, co-produced and stars in this extremely safe and comfy comedy-drama about fathers and sons, adult irresponsibility, and growing old. billy plays a heart surgeon who has a heart attack (ha ha) which causes him to seek out his estranged father (alan king), a movie-extra who fancies himself a big star. the script is sub-neil simon nonsense with one-liners galore, a flat, inexpressive direction by henry winkler (stuck in sitcom mode), and family-conflict at the ready. crystal and king try their best, but king is over-eager and frequently over-the-top. jobeth williams has another one of her thankless roles, but manages to bring her innate, down-home class to the proverbial girlfriend character. it's a comedy, i guess, but one that blinks back the tears...shamefully. ** from ****

as a history nut who is particularly interested in this particular historical event, i was very disappointed with the movie. granted, the costumes and staging was quite authentic, but the hollywood portrayal of this "british little big horn" was truly boring.the amount of film footage dedicated to marching or parading troops has to have been unprecedented in film history. eveytime i heard triumphant background music begin, i knew i had to prepare myself for another laborious scene of meaningless filler. obviously, the producers had invested heavily into "staging" and were determined to get their money's worth.despite the outstanding cast, their dialogue was, again, boring and their characters were never developed. whenever peter o'toole or burt lancaster finished a scene, i would cringe with disappointment. their given lines were so weak and meaningless that i could hardly believe these were the same two great actors who portrayed lawrence of arabia and the bird man of alcatraz respectively.there are worse epics, but this one is not much better.

i wasn't sure whether to laugh or cry. porretta was good looking but resembled like a mexican porn star not an english outlaw. costumes? what costumes? a t-shirt with strips of black leather on it. it was marion's clothes--or lack of them--that really got me. do the 'fans' of this stinker really believe women dressed like that in medieval england. the mongols and vikings were inaccurate and stupid, but the episode with an alien was worst of all. especially as his make up mainly consisted of oatmeal on his face--an old trick.the hedgehog monster was pretty funny, as was climbing up the side of a castle on a ladder of arrows--as if. the us accents grated as did the initial drawling voice over' raw-bin hood and liddle john'.the second robin and marion were really quite minging in looks and what was left of the show went totally down the pan...

this series is one of the worst shows i have ever seen. terrible acting, terrible effects, terrible writing, you get my drift. the stories are so far from the legend of robin hood it's amazing. looks like they just wanted to use the name robin hood to attract an audience. it might as well have been called new adventures of mr. bland acting.someone commented before me that if you had imagination, you'd love this show. that is a horrible approach to a tv-series. a visual media like this should spark your imagination, you shouldn't have to force your imagination into something to make it good. that would be like the simpsons episode where they try to brainwash homer with a religious propaganda movie, and he starts talking about who killed who or whatever. "if a movie is boring, i just make up my own story."in conclusion: absolute human waste.

does anything at all happen in this movie. there are only the bizarre short scenes where i didn't know what the hell was going on so that doesn't count. this movie is sooo boring it hurts, and this is coming from a person who likes it when movies are about making movies. confused?, well i was after watching this crap. what was donald sutherland on, because he missed it with this one completely. and what's with the "pedofile" scene at the beginning of the movie. can put anyone to sleep! 4/10

as was to be expected, a mazursky film made in the 70s would be counter-culture, sympathetic towards the hippies - and have a lot of hippies in it - and, naturally, it is childishly anti-authoritarian (e.g. the scene on the mexican border, when sutherland provokes a custom's officer by showing little respect and then accuses the latter of making him open his luggage only because he (sutherland) has long hair). the constant left-wing dribble could have gotten on my nerves had i not been prepared for it beforehand; sutherland muses aloud to his family and friends about potential movie ideas for his next film, and most of these ideas are either about blacks or indians (needless to say, he would be welcomed with open arms in today's hollywood). one of his movie ideas is about a black uprising in beverly hills - a race-war, so-to-speak, in the middle of l.a.. this is the kind of nonsense that mazursky thinks about when writing scripts for his movies. fortunately, some of sutherland's hippie friends make fun of this black-revolution premise, and the resulting dialogue isn't bad; a little later, the jewish guy makes a crack about sutherland making a movie about "masturbation and the black problem", when the latter starts talking about masturbation. another funny moment is when sutherland's older daughter performs some pc crap on stage with her white school-mates, and they all say: "we, the black people of the republic of south africa...".there is always a certain amount of self-indulgence when hollywood makes a movie about hollywood - especially when it's hollywood making a movie about hollywood discussing hollywood doing movies. now, that's very, very self-indulgent, indeed. the scene with fellini (playing himself) is more amusing than annoying, though. mazursky throws in the standard flower-children and anti-vietnam bullshit into the soup, and also pokes fun at corporate hollywood, but he was/is just as much a part of the "phony hollywood" (lyrics from that song in the surreal war segment) as anyone else; i am pretty sure that he, too, makes phony small-talk in beverly hills parties and grins fakely while shaking the hands of people whom he either doesn't know or like, but whose money he wants badly for his next (left-wing) project. as for his hair: he has the worst hair i've seen in a very long time (on film or elsewhere); it's sort of like the kind of long hair that a middle-aged accountant would have if he grew it long. the film remains relatively interesting in spite of its aimlessness, but it bogs down somewhat into tedium in the last third. if you'd like to read my parody/biography of donald sutherland (and other hollywood actors), contact me by e-mail.

i know nothing of the iliad so can not comment on it's accuracy to that story. however, as a stand alone film i found this very boring. the battle scenes tried to be large and spectacular but they were just obvious cgi.the acting is poor and no doubt brad pitt was cast just to attract the ladies. but he does not make a good warrior, too pretty i am afraid.good points are is the design. this film does look good with the landscape and castle buildings/walls impressive. i do like a film that at least tries to get the characters accents true but this film just seems to ignore it completely. we hear american, scottish english anything but what you might expect for a film about an ancient eastern civilisation.all in all, i do not recommend this film for a family sit down. it is too long and the young will get bored.for adults, it is ok if you don't care about the lack realism.

well, were to start? this is by far one of the worst films i've ever paid good money to see. i won't comment on the story itself, it's a wonderful classic, but here it feels like a soap opera. to start with, the acting, except for eric bana, is soap opera quality. i've always been a fan of brad pitt, but here every actor on the bold and the beautiful puts him to shame. the camera action doesn't help, either. how it lingers on him when he's thinking, it just takes me back to brooke forrester's days in the lab! peter o'toole has either had a really bad plastic surgery, or he is desperately in need of one. either way, he looks more like linda evans than linda evans! and to end my comments, diane kruger is a cute girl, but she sure is no helen of troy. peterson should rather have chosen saffron burrows for the role, since elizabeth taylor would be rather miscast by now.

to confess having fantasies about brad pitt is a pretty tough admission for an heterosexual to make. but what can i tell you? maybe is that famous extra something that everybody talks about and makes a star a star. it crosses that barrier. it pulls you into unknown sensual and emotional territory. brando had it in spades, montgomery clift, gary cooper, james dean of course and in more recent times, tom cruise, jude law, johnny depp, ewan mcgregor and billy crudup. women fell in love with garbo, dietrich, katharine and audrey hepburn, grace kelly, marilyn monroe, julie christie, charlotte rampling, meryl streep, vanessa redgrave, julia roberts and very very recently natalie portman. but brad pitt has, singlehandedly, redefined the concept. he is the only reason to go out, get in the car, find parking, buy a ticket, popcorn and get into a theatre to see "troy" if you liked epics in the "jupiter's darling" style you may enjoy this. but if you don't, go all the same, we want to keep brad pitt in business.

i like brad pitt enormously. he is an actor with brains and wit, not to mention face, pectorals and all the rest. since i saw him in "thelma and louise" a thought has been bothering me, who does he remind me of? "troy" did it for me. he is the new brigitte bardot. the differences are obvious of course. male, american etc but brigitte bardot comes to mind nonetheless. he is so beautiful that he is at his most effective when he plays against it. "kalifornia" "12 monkeys" "fight club" "snatch" his self deprecating humor makes him human, almost accessible. fortunately "troy" will soon be forgotten. only still photographs with pitt, semi naked in ravishing sprint positions will decorate the walls of legions of salivating fans. strange, "das boot" is one of the great films of the second part of the 20th century. what is wolfgang petersen doing directing this? well, i suppose it would be very hard to say no at the chance of working with the new brigitte bardot.

went to see the movie "troy" this afternoon. here's what i learned:contrary to popular opinion and history in general, greek men were not gay. ever. this was clearly established immediately at the start of the film and reinforced every five minutes or so thereafter. so it is safe for american dudes to see this movie.helen of troy always had impeccable hair and makeup. she looked gorgeous in all of her brief cameo scenes which, though numerous, were probably all filmed on the same day, one after the other, with the director saying, "alright, now look beautiful . . . good ... ok, now look frightened ... good... now look depressed ... good ... now look interested . . . good ... now look beautiful again ... good..."most greek and trojan men had british accents. those with american accents couldn't act.trojans looked just like greeks, but they tended to stay on the right side of the screen.brad pitt does not blink on camera.helen of troy's biggest line was, "they're coming for me."trojan music sounded remarkably like modern bulgarian music.brad pitt's thighs go all the way up.achilles had a young male friend with whom he was very close, but it's ok. they were cousins. never mind what history says.peter o'toole can tell an entire story with just an expression.trojan gods apparently all had greek names, but their statues either looked egyptian or like peter o'toole in drag.greek men never touched each other unless they were fighting, much like american men.all of the thousands of extras in the movie had exactly the same skin color... light egyptian, by max factor.troy had only three women.there were lots of blond greeks, which is good news for brad pitt, who would otherwise have really stuck out.despite their coastal desert locale, greeks had the uncanny ability to find unlimited amounts of timber to build fires, funeral pyres, trojan horses and the like.british actors look silly with greek hairdos.brad pitt changes expression only when the sun is shining directly in his eyes.greek soldiers fought constantly, but their outfits always looked impeccable.greek soldiers wore underwear under their skirts.apparently greek temples were always in ruins, even back when they were all new.

hello there,this is my first post in imdb even though i use it as a reference for quite a while. i would therefore like to salute you all. the fact that i am a greek is inevitably going to affect my judgement i hope not to your annoyance.i spent 2 years of my life, (all we greeks did actually), analysing omirus epos (and not homers as you see everywhere), rhyme by rhyme. if i recall well it was iliada (iliad) on 8th grade and odysseia (odyssey) on 9th grade. warner's troy, was a big disappointment to me and my fellow greeks around the campus (i study in the uk).iliad epos is one of the very best literature works ever made. it was composed by a greek poet omirus a whole 400 years after the actual war. historians put trojan war around 1200 bc, and the actual reason of the war not being helen's beauty but the strategically crucial position of troy. that said one may now understand that omirus epos is not presenting the actual events (as it's not accurate historically) but this was never the purpose of this work. reading this huge poem, one can find himself wondering for the very definitions of honour, love, anger, hate, heroism, discipline, loyalty and so on. the best part and the most educational as well were these prolonged talks between the warriors before the battle. none of these though were revealed in 'troy'warner's troy was really cheap to my eyes, and to other intellectual people english finnish and german colleagues of me as well. it is a shame to spend millions of dollars in such a bad scenario. by the way perfect storm was a bad and stupid blockbuster (computers graphics did the whole work), and yet it is wolfgang petersen's best work. i conclude saying that you'd better watch something else instead. i would give troy 2 out of 10. it is a really expensive b movie.cheers alex

i had high hopes for troy and i am so bitterly disappointed. the film was directed so badly it made my stomach ache. the pacing was so slow, the dialogue laughable and the film - well apart from a nice fight scene between achilles (pitt) and hector (bana) - the rest was shallow.and why, oh why does hollywood always insist on rewriting stories to fit 'consumer approval'. agamemnon didn't die in troy, the war lasted 10 years and achilles was killed by paris outside the walls of troy with an arrow to the ankle! it annoys me that such a classic story as this is turned into a soap.and don't even start me on the 'lack' of chemistry between helen and paris. she was the woman the war was fought over and it didn't even look as if the two of them cared a great deal about the other. no sparks, no emotion, no hope.i have to say in the films defence brad pitt, eric bana and peter o' toole acted very well with a bad script but that isn't enough to save this awful movie. can anybody tell me where the £200 million budget went? maybe in all the trees they used for the funeral pyres - where did they get all those trees?i am so disappointed it hurts.

i had the greatest enthusiasm going in to the advance screening for this movie. after all, this is one of the oldest and most complex tales known to mankind, and it was one of the first epic tales i read as a kid (even before tolkien). i must say that it was a huge disappointment. they completely made the plot into a joke and turned the thing into one long soap opera. the elements that were faithful to the plot were sprinkled throughout in such a haphazard manner that the audience was laughing at many times at the silly script that just paid lip service to this battle of all battles. it was a huge disappointment to see a complex character like achilles (who has a strange combination of nearly matrix-like powers, utter ruthlessness and male lovers in the original poem) turn to "fabio on the beach" in the guise of pitt (who with a good script and more effort could have turned this into the most complex and original warrior figure hollywood has ever produced). the actors were actually decent, trying to make the best of a ridiculous script. it was actually a waste of so much talent (peter o'toole stole the show, and orlando bloom and sean bean were pathetic). compare it to lotr or gladiator and it doesn't even hold a candle to them. plenty of hunks for the ladies to goggle over but not enough battle scenes for a movie that is about one long battle and siege. i wouldn't recommend that anyone pay to see this story dragged through the dirt like one of the characters was (at least they got that part right).

i have walked out of about 6 movies my entire life. this was one of the worst movies i have ever seen. i don't know how i sat through an hour of it. i must have been in a coma that night. i saw it in the theatre when it came out 8 years ago. i couldn't even remember the name, but i knew that penelope ann miller starred in it. it must have really affected me to be wasting my time commenting on it today. yech! vomit! barf!

the box for "to die for" suckered me in -- a shirtless hunky guy and the promise of some laughs and sex. there was plenty of thomas arklie (simon), who's easy on the eyes, but no laughs and little sexiness.the couple, mark and simon, have allegedly been together several years, but neither character is interesting enough to care about, so it's hard to imagine that they care about each other. the fault seems to lie in the script, not the performances; both actors do the best they can with what they're given. the ending is sappy and unaffecting (well, not totally unaffecting; i felt relief that it was over). if you're looking for a movie about gay relationships and aids that's funny, "parting glances" is far better.

i had read a few positive reviews of this film, and was truly surprised at how dreadful the whole thing was. positioned as some cross between an aids-related story and some kind of "ghost"/"blithe spirit" tale, this film can't always make it's mind up what it wants to be. simon and mark are a gay couple who have an "open" relationship - simon is able to have anonymous (though safe) sex on the side when he wants. mark is hiv+ and he and simon don't seem to have a sex life anymore. when mark dies, simon - who has made a habit of shutting off his emotions after being rejected years ago by his father - tries to erase his memory and just get on with being a bachelor. not that his behavior before mark's death was much different. but mark returns in ghostly form and foils his various trysts, while getting simon to open up and admit his true feelings.unfortunately, simon is such a selfish sob, it's impossible to feel any empathy toward him for most of the film. by the time he is supposed to be more sympathetic, it's too late to care. mark, on the other hand, follows in demi moore's footsteps from "ghost," by crying profusely throughout the movie. there is a bizarre switch in tone after mark returns. suddenly we get some lame attempts at humor, a la the tv show "bewitched." but that doesn't last long. once simon's emotional health is at stake, the whole thing becomes increasingly mawkish, with amateurish attempts to jerk at your heartstrings. the finale, with a gold-plated muscle-boy angel guiding a tearful mark to heaven while a chastened, grief-stricken simon waves goodbye is just stupefying, chiefly because it isn't intentionally funny.

this film is "riveting" but in much the same way a car crash is riveting. it's hard to look away. overall, this film is nothing more than an incredibly irresponsible social experiment--and a futile, biased experiment at that. the filmmakers are manipulative and seem to have no problems going for the lowest possible denominator. the manner in which the money is presented to ted is pure exploitation. the intervening steps that the filmmakers force ted to participate in (meeting with so-called experts) were empty and devoid of any substantive attempt to connect with ted. instead, it's painfully obvious that they serve to cover the filmmaker's posteriors and to further exploit ted's situation. the worst part is that the filmmakers stop following ted after 6 months; and seemingly are cut off entirely from the subject they had followed so closely months before. if they had cared, they would have found better "experts" to help ted. if they truly wanted to see what ted would do, then they should have let him spend the money without any intervention. this film is at best a high-brow jackass stunt and not a documentary. it's sad to think how much $100,000 could have actually changed a homeless person's life had it been put in the right hands.

what happens when you give a free man just enough money to trap him into the rat race and watch him squirm? homeless people answer to no one. they have no mortgages, rent payments or idiot bosses. homeless people don't have to worry about the irs or performance reviews or credit card payments. but, give them just enough money to rent an apartment and buy a car and, suddenly, they have to worry about entering the rat race, buying gas for transportation, paying insurance on their car, and working for someone else. they get a chance to be a "productive citizens." this film was about as exploitive as a film can be. it's a way for the rich and middle-class sheeple to say "see what happens when you try to help the poor?" and it vindicates capitalistic arrogance.why not a film that asks, "what happens when you take away everything a rich man has?"

as always this is an inaccurate picture of the homeless. tv told a lot of lies about panhandlers in the early 1990s and made everyone look bad, and claimed we all made over $100 a day when $20-40 a day was much closer to reality. when someone drove by where i held up a sign offering to work, and offered me work, i actually went and took the work if i was physically able.and if i would been offered the $100,000 id damned sure invested in in apt prepaid for at least 2 years, and kept most in the bank and still left myself $10-20000 for nl $1-2 and $2-5 cash games at the casinos. i usually always win and could win decent if i just had a bankroll. instead i win about $1000 a month is all playing in always minimum buying in due to not wanting to risk losing it all. i was only homeless cause i didn't wanna risk spending all my money and going broke, sometimes i had over $1000-2000 in my sock while i slept outside. anyone wanting to talk contact sevencard2003 on yahoo messenger.i admit i was different than most homeless people though, due to the fact i never drank smoke or took drugs. im no longer homeless, am now in govt housing for $177 a month and getting ssi and spend most of my time winning at online poker. mom and sunflower diversified worked hard to get me ssi. glad my days of hiding in under the stage in the convention center of the casino at night sleeping, worrying about getting caught by security are finally over. had this tv crew picked me theyd been over a lot sooner. its a shame how they don't better select who they pick.

"what happens when you give a homeless man $100,000?" as if by asking that question they are somehow morally absolved of what is eventually going to happen. the creators of "reversal of fortune" try to get their voyeuristic giggles while disguising their antics as some kind of responsible social experiment.they take ted, a homeless man in pasadena, and give him $100,000 to see if he will turn his life around. then, with only the most cursory guidance and counseling, they let him go on his merry way.what are they trying to say? "money can't buy you happiness?" "the homeless are homeless because they deserve to be?" or how about, "lift a man up - it's more fun to watch him fall from a greater altitude." they took a man with nothing to lose, gave him something to lose, and then watched him dump it all down the drain. that's supposed to be entertainment? they dress this sow up with some gloomy music and dramatic camera shots, but in the end it has all the moral high ground of car crash videos - only this time they engineered the car crashes and asked, "what happens when you take down a stop sign?"

don't spend your money or your time on this pitiful piece of film in the guise of cinematography.when every third word is devoted to foul language and there is no real plot as well as having a cast of old actors who are still giving the same dated performances from the past and have not evolved in their careers, leaves a lot to be said. i was expecting something better from award winning actor benicio del toro. the vision that others may have of puertorricans will be irreversibly distorted by such trash as maldeamores. a foul word at a given moment in a film may be used to emphasize a given point of view and may even be funny or sad depending on its context (see the movie elsa and fred for example) but it should not permeate the plot. the movie is a total embarrassment and there was absolutely nothing funny or even cute about this film.

this film is a good example of how through media manipulation you can sell a film that is no more than a very unfunny tv sitcom. in puerto rico the daily newspaper with the widest circulation has continuously written about the marvels of this film, almost silencing all others. coincidentally the newspaper with the second largest circulation belongs to the same owners. the weekly claridad is the only newspaper on the island that has analyzed the film's form and content, and pointed out all its flaws, clichés, and bad writing.just because a film makes a portion of the audience laugh with easy and obvious jokes, and because one can recognize actors and scenery, does not make it an acceptable film.

charles bronson continued his 80's slump with what could possibly be his worst movie of the decade, if not ever. in it he plays a detective who goes to great lengths to track down a pimp who has abducted an asian girl and is currently selling her to the highest bidder. it's a shameful attempt at action and is quite possibly the most depressing movie ever made. a lot of people consider the death wish sequels to be bronson's worst movies. the death wish sequels weren't great movies but were in most cases competently made and very watchable. kinjite however is an utterly dull thriller which is punctuated by mean spirited racism and child molestation. it really is a rephrensible film and all of it is made worse by the fact that it tries to preach a "law and justice" mentality that is too overwrought to really say anything. indeed the movie begins with underage sex being interrupted with bronson then anally raping the pedophile with a dildo. the chicago theater i watched this in just gasped at the awkwardness of this scene, only to gasp at the awkwardness of the pimp raping the girl in this film. it has no point other than to exploit and really the movie wasn't well written enough to rise above the exploitation level and deliver something that would work. bronson seems more into things but clearly this is far too repugnant to save. i want to point out that i think charles bronson is the coolest actor ever but this effort is ultimately his worst. the action sequences are poor also.1/2* out of 4-(awful)

repugnant bronson thriller. unfortunately, it's technically good and i gave it 4/10, but it's so utterly vile that it would be inconceivable to call it "entertainment". far more disturbing than a typical slasher film.

the '80's were not very kind to one-time major star charles bronson. starting with 1982's "death wish ii" and ending with this truly gruesome film from '89, bronson's screenwriters seemed to be trying to top each other in progressive grossness. "d.w. ii" left little to the imagination in its depiction of the rape and suicide of bronson's character's daughter, (a rape and murder of his housekeeper was also shown in disgusting detail). "10 to midnight" was the sort of loathsome film that made you want to take a bath afterwards. nothing redeeming about it. other films like "the evil that men do" and the remaining "death wish" films from this period straddled the line between high camp and high barf with their earnest depictions of brutality and revenge. i'm not sure if the producers (usually pancho kohner) got a kick out of showing a weary looking, senior citizen-aged bronson destroying punks young enough to be his grandchildren or what, but the shoddy craftsmanship (and terrible scripts) of these films usually destroyed what little energy they may have generated."kinjite" -- the last of these films -- is fairly well-made but truly takes the cake in cinematic wretchedness. in this film bronson: sodomizes a perverse john; forces a pimp to eat his rolex watch; allows a male prisoner to get raped by another prisoner; makes incredibly xenophobic remarks among other things i've thankfully forgotten. also depicted is the gang-rape of a young japanese girl (fortunately, this was off-screen, though well-implied).what were people thinking when they made this film? what was bronson thinking when he decided to ruin his career with these horrible films? for anyone interested in his best movies, check out most of the films he made in the '60's and '70's like "the mechanic", "death wish", "from noon til 3", "once upon a time in the west", "red sun", "the great escape", "the magnificent seven", "rider on the rain", etc., etc....

offering a killer combo of terrible writing, terrible acting and terrible direction, it's a tossup whether kinjite: forbidden subjects is offensively bad or just hilariously bad. it's almost as if someone ran a competition to make the sleaziest, seediest cannon film. as if a glance at a cast list including characters like 'lesbian pedophile,' 'perverted gentleman,' 'porno actress' weren't enough, it's your only chance to see charles bronson's cop throw a lowlife on a bed and grab a dildo - but don't worry, it's okay, as the offscreen screams make clear he's only torturing him for information. after all, even if he is a bit overprotective of his nice catholic daughter, he's a nice catholic cop who regularly brings local catholic priest william o'connell a packed lunch and who believes in poetic justice - or at least ensuring that the bad guys end up in the slammer with the horniest inmates maximum security can provide to give them a taste of their own medicine. but then that's what you get for telling him "look, i think you're a little bit unstable." still, when later offered a bribe, he may snarl "i'd like to shove this up your ass, but i don't want to get my hands dirty," he's clearly learned where to draw the line: instead, he just makes him eat a $25,000 watch and sets fire to his cadillac. the anal obsession even follows through to the film's title: despite the poster featuring a naked japanese girl on a porn film set, the film's only direct example of kinjite/forbidden subjects, as alex hyde white's english teacher explains to a group of japanese businessmen, is, er talking about your bowel movements in polite society.bronson isn't just too old for this, as the opening fight makes only too clear, he's too old for love interest peggy lipton, and she looks old enough to have grown-up kids. a better actor than he ever got the credit for when given the right material, here's he's given less a properly thought out character than a series of outrageous reactionary quirks. when he's not widening the circles of suspects he's accidentally dropping them to their death off the sides of buildings. he's definitely not a p.c. copper, with a special loathing for the japanese - as if it wasn't bad enough that they're buying up american businesses, what's worse, they double-park on a public thoroughfare! no racial minority goes unassaulted, be they black pimp or pakistani hotel clerk, no cop cliché unrecycled, be it a boss who bangs his fist on the table or a dead meat partner (perry lopez and his spectacularly bad hair dye that's so prominent it deserves screen billing all its own). the twin plot strands - bronson's l.a. cop trying to take down juan hernandez's pimp who deals in underage girls and james pax's porn-obsessed japanese businessman – take forever to intertwine, and then in the most unlikely of ways: after copping a feel of bronson's daughter on a bus ("some oriental guy touched my holy of holies!"), in the film's idea of poetic justice pax finds his own daughter kidnapped by hernandez. you half expect the writer to pop his head round the corner of the screen and say, "how d'ya like them apples?"somewhere underneath all the laziness is the germ of a good idea even if it is too muddily developed to ever be clear quite what that idea really is, but the execution is pure rising sun: the archie bunker version, shot like out-takes from an r-rated 80s music video with an outrageous and rather lazy dockside shoot-'em-up-and-blow'em-up finale that sees a small army of machine-gunning sidekicks suddenly appear to up the gratuitous body count. the last of bronson's mostly bad to in different collaborations with j. lee thompson – and sadly thompson's last film as director - it's a poor signoff for two undervalued players who increasingly never seemed to be that discerning about what pictures they said yes to.

charles bronson stars as lt crowe a police detective who declares war on a pimp named duke (juan fernandez) who kidnaps the daughter of a japanese businessman who is the man who sexually harassed crowe's daughter (amy hathaway) in this sleazy yet stylishly helmed revenge thriller. kinjite may not be for everyone with it's somewhat disturbing plot threads but it is well made and indeed entertaining.

when great director/actor combinations are talked about the team of j. lee thompson and charles bronson is not usually mentioned. probably because the output of nine joint ventures between the two of them runs the gamut from the really good action entertainment to the mediocre. unfortunately kinjite: forbidden subjects falls in the latter. that's sad because kinjite could have been a whole lot better. but for the life of me i don't understand why it was necessary to make the father of the missing japanese girl, a guy used to getting some cheap jollies because the romance in his marriage has run out. that might have been good for another film altogether, but it served no purpose here.a straightforward cop drama with charles bronson as a vice cop who's seen a bit too much in his line of work and has a strong prejudice against orientals. that part could also have used a little explaining as well. but he's going to have to overcome it if he and patient partner perry lopez are going to locate a captured japanese school girl.bronson's time in the vice squad have told him exactly where to look for the kidnapper. a stylish, murderous pimp played by jaime fernandez is the guy and he and bronson have some history. in fact in the film's best scene, bronson made him eat an expensive rolex watch and set his car on fire.at one point fernandez happens to spot bronson and lopez in an all night delicatessen and this being after his rolex snack, he sprays the place with an uzi killing everyone, but bronson and lopez. i really think that little incident would have had more than a couple vice cops from the lapd after fernandez. but that's another terribly big hole in the plot.still there is a very rough justice in the end for fernandez. i wish the whole film had been better though. this was the last film of the bronson-thompson team and j. lee thompson's last as a director. he should have gone out with something better.

the husband-and-wife team of bennie fields and blossom seeley were huge stars in vaudeville, yet they made very few films. as is the case for some other performers of their era (george m. cohan, fanny brice, gertrude lawrence) the most accessible piece of film footage for fields and seeley is the biopic about them, in which they're portrayed by other actors: 'somebody loves me', starring betty hutton and that inimitable song-and-dance man ralph meeker.in their heyday, fields and seeley were so hugely popular that another husband-and-wife vaudeville act -- jesse block and eve sully -- achieved nearly as much stardom performing an almost identical act, effectively becoming the "second-team" fields and seeley. offstage, though, there was a major difference in the couples' living arrangements. fields and seeley lived in hotel suites, paying room-service rates for every meal they ate, and eventually running out of money. block and sully lived modestly and invested their earnings wisely, ending in comfortable retirement.the first 30 seconds of this vitaphone short are occupied by two spats-wearing pianists. apparently these two men had some slight name value of their own in 1930, although i've never heard of them. finally, fields and seely rush in and start performing. they both have plenty of pep, and she's fairly attractive.i was annoyed that both performers keep making movements as if they're about to break into a dance, but they never quite do so until the third of the three songs they perform in this short. when they finally start hoofing, the results are not impressive.i was delighted to have this opportunity to see these two major performers doing their vaude act. now that i've seen it, i understand why they never became stars in movie musicals. my rating for this one: just 4 out of 10, and i'll stick with block and sully.

this is one of the most boring horror films i have ever seen, as it's absolutely god awful, john carradine has very limited screen time. all the characters are boring, and the story is terrible, plus i could see the two twists at the end coming miles away!. the great setting and the creepy house definitely would have helped if it wasn't so damn boring, and there isn't one character to root for either, plus i hope it makes it's way to the bottom 100, because it deserves to be there in my opinion. when john carradine finally shows up at the end, it's a pretty good scene but it's already way too late, and the only other screen time he had was in flashbacks, plus the only really gory scene in the movie is when a character gets his face messed up by bee's, as it was rather gory. i got this in a dvd horror set called back from the grave and everyone really overacts in my opinion, plus it's lucky this was included in a set i bought otherwise i would have chucked this out the window!. this is one of the most boring horror films i have ever seen, as it's absolutely god awful, john carradine has very limited screen time, and i say avoid it like the plague!, you don't want to go through the torture. the direction is absolutely terrible!. carl monson does an absolutely terrible! job here, making every thing look cheap, wasting his potential on making creepy atmosphere and just keeping the film at an incredibly dull pace. the acting is just as bad. john carradine is good in his scene, but other then that he's hardly in the film other then flashback scenes. (carradine ruled!!). merry anders overacts here terribly as laura, as she didn't convince me at all. ivy bethune is ok, and somewhat creepy, but also overacted, she did have a creepy smile at the end though. rest of the cast, i didn't pay enough attention too, as i had a lot of trouble getting through it, but they were all really bad. overall please avoid this,it's not worth the agony!. bomb out of 5

you know how everyone jokes about the acting in porno movies? well if you've always found the plot line of a porn to captivate your interest, then this movie is for you. it truly was like a porn without the sex. or if that analogy is not to your liking, imagine you and your drunk roommate found a movie camera abandoned on a park bench. this is the movie that you would make. -horrible acting -bad camera work -music done on a casio keyboard this movie has it all, and more. for those who are masochists in the crowd, this is a premiere piece for your collection. all i can figure is that the only people to submit reviews for this dripping pile of movie, were people who 'starred' in it. their movie career is over before it started.

if this movie was written directed and produced with the intention of creating a bad movie cult classic, it might (i say might) have been a hit. have you ever sat and watched a movie that was so absolutely awful that it becomes fascinating in terms of its faults? well this is it. every one of the acting cast should be nominated for worst acting performance awards. it would be hard to find another film, with this kind of production budget, that contains so little of any value whatsoever. the whole thing, from the opening scenes defies logic. dialogue is completely unbelievable and illogical. ditto for the behaviour and general storyline of the film itself. what is really mind boggling, is that some buffoons in a boardroom actually made decisions to spend money on this piece of trash. wow.

jesus christ, i can't believe i've wasted my time watching this movie. i only watched because i have such a crush on jordan ladd. but watching this film almost put me off her. this is absolutely awful! i could have been watching survivor series 93 over this.the lead guy in this was so bland and generic. i would love it if the great mistuharu misawa tiger drove '91'd his ass through a glass window. i was enraging every time he was saying "lake" and "cabin". i'd kick his ass.jordan ladd, on the other hand, was absolutely wonderful. a true angel. but she couldn't even save this utter joke of a film. sadly, she couldn't even act like she was off her nut when she took that truth drug. it looked hilarious.i also loved the bit where jordan accidentally spilled yogurt on her. it reminded me of a time where...nevermind.anayways, do watch this film because of it's awfulness.

i couldn't believe this terrible movie was actually made at all. with the worst actors you could find, the worst script written (mark frost & sollace mitchell) and by far the worst waste of time in viewing. i won't belabor the story as it's really not worth it. but i will elaborate on some of the performances and definitely the story. as to the story, it is very hard to believe that this bitty crazy schemer could actually do what she did. that in reality the wife couldn't defend herself against a little bitty of a thing. that the husband could actually find the nut case attractive at all. that the defense attorney could break every court rule there was and keep on doing it after the judge ordered the blankety blank to shut up. and the final result of the film is an insult to justice, movie codes, and the male species. the theme of this mess is let women do as they wish, kill whom they want, defend the killer and get away with it, while the guy rots in jail the innocent victim. hard to believe that sollace mitchell, the director and a man, would even want to make this dribble.as to the acting: jordan ladd, the killer, is awful. a loony toons, who does needlepoint during her murder trial (is this allowed in court?) she bored me to the hilt. one more look of her batting her eyes and indicating how innocent she was and i'd throw up. she's not even attractive enough for any guy to leave his wife. the husband, played on one level by vincent spano, just seems to look and act stupid most of the time. he was so predictable in his performance falling into the traps set for him by all the women surrounding him. the worst by far was holland taylor as the defense attourney. she over acted throughout the film and made a mockery of justice. if she would cross examine me anytime, i'd have told her to go take a hike. everybody else in this sleazy film did their job as directed to do so.i wish i could give this film a zero rating. however we are forced to start with 1. too bad. let's not have anymore painful watching films like this. lifetime can do better then this, i know it.this is a postscript: made the mistake of turning this insipid movie on by mistake. as soon as i saw the bimbo jordan ladd i knew i'd seen it before and didn't like it or her. i not only turned the darn thing off but had to add my anger at people like sollace mitchell who wrote the screenplay but also directed this horrible flick. doesen't anyone see that her/his message is that sickness pays. being ill and going around killing people is okay with this director/writer. totally making the male species idiots. well, this male tells you to go stuff it somewhere painful. we're not all that stupid and will speak out to your so called movie, which in this person's mind deserves to be trashed.and again this loser is shown. why???? can't you read the comments on this stupid and despicable movie? are we constantly subjected to see the bimbo jordan ladd again and again? get her off tv, films and out of sight. she's just terrible in every sense of the word. phew!!!!

.... may seem far fetched.... but there really was a real life story.. of a man who had an affair with a woman, who found out where he and his new wife were staying,, and she killed the wife,, making it look like a murder rape.......in her delusion she had told everyone that the man had asked her to marry him.. so she quit her job in wisconsin... and moved to minnesota..........last i heard she was in a mental institution, security prison....she was still wearing the "engagement ring." that she has purchased for herself... and had told everyone that he had bought it for her.the events took place in a small town in wisconsin,,,,,,, and the murder happened in minnesota......there even was a feature story in "people" magazine... spring of 1988, i want to say on page 39. i remember this as i was in college at the time,, and a colleague of mine had met the individual in the security hospital....

i can't believe i actually watched this but i guess i just wanted to know if this movie would get unintentionally funnier and funnier towards the end. and it did. the climax was the poorest performance ever given by the defence lawyer - so out of real life that even for a fictional story it was far too weird. no way anyone on this planet can behave in front of a court like she did. and probably the worst prosecutor on earth. why was he in court anyway? he did nothing and absolutely nothing to prove her guilty. a simple search of her house would have resulted in the find of the rings. but no go. he preferred to say "objection" 2 or 3 times during the whole trial - that was it. the blonde lunatic was given a truth-drug to prove her innocent but not brett. the lunatic almost had an altar of brett in her home that could have proved her sick obsession. but again no go. during the court scene i felt the silent urge to take the needlepoint out of her hand and bang it several times against her head. even real weirdos do not look that silly fake "i am innocent" like she did. and what does this movie tell us? never marry a woman with a life insurance: as soon as she falls down the stairs her husband will be thrown into jail, guilty or not. evil, evil men.

i happened upon this flick on a rainy sunday, intending to tune-in to something else. out of curiosity, i accessed the comments here, and found myself watching it to the end. i really didn't do so with intent -- this was one of those movies where you're "fascinated," and watch it for "another couple of minutes," until you finally just watch to the end. and the indictment of it in most of these comments made it more fascinating to view. the one comment where the person really liked it seems to be solely as a result of liking ladd and spano, and their earlier roles. but great isn't anywhere to be found anywhere here - story, performances, and particularly the absurd courtroom hi-jinks. we all know that perry mason (before raymond burr passed the 300-lb. mark), and ben matlock, are granted some leeway in cavorting around the courtroom, instead of being boringly confined to a lectern. and matlock is especially granted the privilege of entering exhibits often by simply going to the jury and showing them, before the judge and prosecutor have even been informed of, or shown, them. no real-life judge or prosecutor would stand for this.both perry and ben almost always ended the proceedings by wringing a confession of the real killer. actually perry nearly always did this, but often matlock would simply present overwhelming evidence of the true culprit, pronounce it "reasonable doubt," and then leave it to the cops and prosecutors to proceed against the guilty party - sometimes on-camera, sometimes presumed at the end of the show.but that said, holland taylor's histrionics and the amount of leeway afforded her, in the courtroom portion of this story, made the actions of matlock/mason more-closely resemble the slow, often boring detail such as seen on court tv and in real-life courtrooms.every character in this presentation was either insipid, unsympathetic, obnoxious, boring, improbable - or some combination of two or more of these.the ending was the most banal, absurd, even silly conclusion possible - but again, fascinating because of this. ladd and spano are attractive individuals, and t.v. movies would appear their best forte - probably best in 2nd-lead (probably better if "3rd-") roles, even in this venue. taylor could be cast as the aunt or mother of one of them. give this one 1 star for the story/performances, and 3 additional for the fascination factor.

"the deadly look of love" is essentially "fatal attraction" with a couple of twists added onto the back half. the ending will not surprise anyone who has seen more than two or three movies of the week. it is yet another cautionary tale about succumbing to temptation, and it adds nothing fresh to the genre.brett (vincent spano) is engaged to a beautiful woman who just happens to have a sizable trust fund. even though he has it all, he risks losing everything by starting up a steamy side affair with janet (jordan ladd). janet, a doe-eyed blonde from cedar falls, falls hard for brett, and she does not take it particularly well when he comes clean about his engagement. shortly after the wedding, mrs. brett turns up dead in the master bedroom of the large, luxurious home she shared with her new husband. when the police question brett, he promptly points the finger at janet. following her arrest, janet seems to get loonier by the minute - not that she was the picture of stability before. her defense attorney (holland taylor) is convinced that janet is innocent and is hell bent on proving it.did she do it or didn't she? how will it end? you can find out the answers to these questions the next time "the deadly look of love" airs on your local station. and be sure not to miss the moral of this beautiful story: men are pigs, and women are crazy.

this is not horror, as the first part was: this is ("campy") light and humorous entertainment. like in so many sequels, the action starts right away with no explanations. but there's boobs, so i don't complain. and real boobs that is. if i understand correctly, those are quite rare today amongst the teenage girls in u.s. of a. which brings to my mind the fact that the main actress here is pamela "bruce's sister" springsteen.this cannot be thought without the first movie, so i compare this to it. again there is too small clothing (mainly pants) and funny hair, it's not hard to tell what decade this film is made in. again there is really strange characters, this time even more visibly "pathological" ones. especially the personnel of the camp. it's like some mental rehabilitation summer camp. people are older: most of the actors must be at least 25, but i think they're supposed to be 16 or something. some "methods" used by the evil dyke are quite unpleasant. actually this movie don't have much in common with the first part, and this is worse than it in every way.

this movie is actually worse than most movies i've ever suffered through, and i've suffered through a lot. absolute nonsense. it's got terrible, forced dialogue; pointless plot developments; really drawn out 'spooky imagery' scenes, which look more like a high school remedial art project than a horror movie; 5/10 at best attractive women; long, boring sex scenes involving said women (forget what you know about virgins! especially ones with lop- sided fake breasts); muttered, difficult to understand speech from some of the characters; and they actually used the masks from killer klowns from outer space during a masturbation scene, which should be a saving grace because that movie was pretty funny, but it isn't. veden fell is the lamest bad guy in the history of film. absolutely give this one a miss.

with the exception of the sound none of the above are really criticisms for this type of no budget, (truly) independent horror film. make up effects and gore are very good and the lead actor was effective, the lead actress although attractive needs some coaching as she was particularly poor.the major problem with frightworld is it's length, at 108 minutes its half an hour too long to be effective as a slasher movie, plot wise only about ten minute of the first fifty are relevant.in places it is visually engaging and sometimes the lack of lighting works in the films favour. however when this is combined with the poor sound as is the case with most of the film large sections are difficult to watch.this could certainly be an entertaining if unoriginal "serial killer back from the dead" movie with some judicious and ruthless editing, in its current form it plays like an unfinished rough cut.

(honestly, barbra, i know it's you who's klicking all those "no"s on my review. 22 times?? how many people did you have to instruct to help you out here? don't you have anything better to do, like look at yourself in the mirror all day?)steven spielberg told barbra that this was "the best movie i've seen since 'citizen kane'". that pretty much says it all - and serves as a dire warning!what are the ingredients for a sure-fire cinematic disaster, and one that will haunt you, never letting you forget the tears of both laughter and pain? the ingredients: barbra streisand's face, a musical, feminism, barbra streisand's voice, barbra streisand directing, and an ultra-corny/idiotic premise.hollywood is full of egomaniacs, this much we know. in fact, nearly everyone – by definition – has to be an egomaniac in hollywood. why would anyone want to act? for the "art"?!? well, if you're dumb enough to believe what they tell you in their carefully prepared interviews… and streisand has the biggest ego of them all! this is quite an achievement. to be surrounded by narcissistic cretins, and yet to manage to top them all – remarkable.the movie, like all her "solo" endeavors, is an ego trip straight out of hell. every scene streisand is in is automatically ruined. stillborn. but as it that weren't enough, she sings a whole bunch of streisandy songs – you know, the kind that enabled the mariah careys, the celine dions, and the whitney hustons of this world to poison our precious air-waves for decades now. just for that she deserves not one but 100 south park episodes mocking her.the premise, streisand dressing up as a man to study to become a rabbi, sounds like a zany zaz comedy. apart from it being a cliché, the obvious problem is that streisand doesn't look like a woman nor does she look like a man – in fact i'm not even sure she's human. the way she looks in this movie, well… it cannot be described in words. e.t. looks like a high-school jock by comparison. she looks more alien than michael jackson in the year 2015. she looks horrible.the songs. they made me shiver. particularly "papa can you hear me squeel like a demented female walrus in heat?" and "tomorrow night i'll prepare the sequel, yentl 2: the return of the bitch".did you know that streisand considered having a nose-job early on in her career, but changed her mind when they told her her voice might change? can you believe that? she should have done it! killing two flies with one swipe, that's what it would have been.if you're interested in reading my biographies of barbra streisand and other hollywood intellectuals, contact me by e-mail.should barbra streisand finally go into retirement? click "yes" or "no".

i remember when this piece of trash came out, all the newspapers were squawking about how it had taken barbra streisand years to get the film made. well it couldn't have taken that many years; the play only opened in 1975, eight years previously. it made a broadway star of the great actress tovah feldshuh, who probably should have been cast in the film, but nooooo...the great star barbra had to do it her way. and with music no less! this film is a total disaster from start to finish. for one thing, barbra was forty years old when she made it and she looked every minute of it. there was no way anyone could possibly swallow her as a young girl yearning to study torah. and then when she dresses up as a boy it gets campy. i get the impression that streisand could not bear to be unattractive so she played around with the make-up; she is prettier as a boy than she is as a girl. and as if that is not bad enough, she gets involved with both her schoolmate avigdor (mandy patinkin, whose best moment is the shot of his naked rear end) and his fiancée (amy irving, who does her usual sleepwalker routine, a bit of schtick the poor woman always resorts to when the director ignores her and she does not know what she is doing). yentl even goes so far as to marry the girl; i won't even bother to mention the "wedding night" scene.then there is the music. nine totally forgettable songs, all sung by streisand via voice-over (presumably as a look inside her mind), and each one as intrusive and irritating as fingernails on a blackboard.i won't say that streisand does not show a glimmer of promise as a director here; some of the visuals are lovely (patinkin's backside especially), and she has a good eye for balance. the problem with this movie is that she won't get out of her own way. i did not believe her for one second in the title role; she should never have added the songs, and on top of that the whole mess goes on for two hours and fifteen minutes. i was sick of the whole sorry mess after forty-five minutes.awful, awful, awful.

barbara streisand directs and stars in this very jewish story.to have a chance at obtaining an education, babs enthusiastically disguises herself as a boy which isn't the most difficult thing to do since she already looks like a boy, anyway. at her new school she meets many male classmates who have no trouble at all in believing she's a guy.don't miss the best of many moments of unintentional humor when babs' male friend thinks she's a man, but pins 'him' to the ground, sits on top of 'him', and looks affectionately into 'his' eyes.... *snicker*.mediocre film; splashy story about nothing particularly interesting.

my personal vision of hell is being locked in a room without the ability to close my eyes or block my ears and have this movie play for eternity on every available surface in that room. the whole notion that streisand plays a boy/man only begins to scratch the surface of how ridiculous a premise this movie is. the single most important thing about watching any movie is the concept of "willing suspension of disbelief" . . . it is impossible to do that in this movie.

i know, i know, "plan 9 from outer space" is the worst movie, or maybe "manos, the hands of fate." but i can't get worked up over those sock-monkey movies. of *course* they're bad. how could they be any good? but if you're talking about movies with respectable production values and bankable talent, the t. rex of all turkeys has to be "yentl." all the treacly phoniness, all the self-absorbed asininity, that stains everything barbra streisand has done since 1964, reaches its culmination in this movie. from its lonely summit of awfulness, "yentl" looks back to "a star is born" and forward to "the mirror has two faces." there is nothing else quite like it. what emotional undertow dragged streisand out to make this movie i would rather not speculate, and what audience she was playing to i cannot possibly imagine, although i'll bet there's a nine in ten chance you aren't a member of it.nobel prize-winner and saintly guardian of yiddish literature isaac bashevis singer was so outraged by what streisand did to his story that he blasted her in public for it. it is a tribute to streisand's impenetrable vulgarity that she not only didn't commit suicide, but went on to make more awful movies.

this might be the worst film ever made, and is possibly worth seeing for that reason alone. streisand is laughably unbelievable as a young woman posing as a man in order to study judaism. the soundtrack is torturous, featuring barbara belting out some of the weakest blather ever put to film. and don't even get me started on the plot. you will actually get more chuckles out of this film than many comedies because it is soooooooo terrible. the rampant ego of streisand, thinking she could somehow raise this stinker to oscar heights, led to this disaster. i'm pretty sure the novelist, isaac bashevis singer, hated this film and never forgave streisand. i can't blame him. this movie is like watching a car wreck in slow motion for two hours with the soundtrack of 'the sound of music' being played backwards on an old turntable. it's truly that bad. i'm amazed that anyone from streisand enjoyed this movie on the level that it was intended.

what a disappointment, especially in light of the budget provided, the technical resources available, and the talent assembled. isn't the fundamental rule for science fiction/drama to create in the audience the willing suspension of disbelief. poa 2001 creates a plausible beginning, suckering us in, but thereinafter mr. burton forgets that his moviegoers have working brains. the over the top libertarian of helena bonham carter's chimp, the worthlessness of the humans' lockup, the ease of their escape, their extraordinary skills of horsemanship (this is an astronaut and a group of human primitives suddenly riding full tilt), the massive and immediate human rebellion all are too unbelievable. mark wahlberg never once projects any sense of real fear, danger or comeuppance in this world turned upside down. compare to the original, in which chuck heston's nakedness metaphorically captured his utter helplessness and astonishment at his turn of events. the uniformed wahlberg preserves his modesty, but also his apparent sense of management and control in an inherently wacky situation, and we never really wonder about his well being. unlike heston, he seems never to be in real jeopardy. tim burton should have used some of the f/x budget for some competent screenwriting. in fact, after this inferior fiasco, i wonder why hollywood's producers ever bothered to settle the screenwriters and directors strike threats. let them walk. trained monkeys could have done as well as they did in planet of the apes 2001. i'll bet the repeat viewings of this effort will be nonexistent. it could have been a new franchise, and a wonderful new step for imagination. another opportunity lost.

well, not yet, at least.it's not listed in the worst 100...so let's all team up, and put it in it's rightful place.this is truly a bad movie. (and i liked ishtar!) ;)

if you see this turkey listed in your tv guide, avoid it like the plague!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!a steaming great pile of fetid dingoes kidneys doesn't begin to describe how bad this movie is! there is only one funny scene (the memory eraser scene) but even that rates only .001 on the laughometer (out of 1000). whoever wrote this turkey should be banned from writing another movie for their entire lives.

i wished i'd taped men in white so i could watch it again" what ? you mean you really enjoyed it theo ? " no i mean i could watch it again to see if it was as retarded , stupid and as embarrassingly unfunny as i can remember it a lot of people have claimed it was made for children . may i suggest it was also made by children ? because the whole structure of the script lacks any type of discipline on the part of the producers and writers and much of set pieces seem to have been included because it seemed like a good idea at the time the cast don't help but i genuinely started to feel sorry for them . honestly you can believe that during filming the cast had to lie to their families that they were filming a hard core porn film such was their embarrassment at having to appear in something as dismal as this . to give you an idea of how bad the acting is every time baywatch babe donna d'ericco disappeared from the narrative i waited patiently for her to reappear then seconds later i forgot she was in the movie . got that ? a star from baywatch appears and seconds later you forget they're in the movie . this tells you all you need to know about the standard of men in white fair enough it's trying to be a live action cartoon similar to the goodies ( although the dismals would be a better adjective for this movie ) , though perhaps the movie deserves some credit for never descending to toilet humour , but considering this is a kids movie ( this didn't stop itv broadcasting it at 11 pm ) then there should be no near the knuckle humour in it anyway

this film is so bad, it made me want to vomit. poorly produced, a complete laugh free zone. why in the name of god would you spoof a movie which to a degree is a spoof (and a damn funny one at that) as it stands? the sets are laughable, the effects so bad that they aren't even laughable, and the acting farcical. it is a complete mystery why you would even consider watching this lump of garbage. national lampoon once made animal house, which people still consider to be completely and utterly hilarious. now they've been relegated to making tv movies like this lump of ****. name your expletive, and it could be accurately used to describe this film.

although properly warned i actually sat down to watch this movie. in part because i usually give every movie an even break, and because i thought that a single movie couldn't be that bad. i stand corrected. not even george kennedy, barry bostwick or ben stein could save this turkey from sinking like a ton of bricks. only once during this humor forsaken travesty of a spoof did i laugh. namely during the simon says scene. the other jokes are either poorly carried out or simply plain unfunny. and some of them you actually see coming a mile away. this movie just hasn't got what it takes to be a good parody like airplane! (i+ii), naked gun (i+ii+iii), or scary movie. they all had a. funny gags, b. good dialog and most important of all c. unforgettable quotes. men in white has got d. none of the above. to call this movie bad would be a gross understatement. avoid this movie anyway you can! consider yourselves warned!

i won't spend a lot of time nor energy on this comment. i just want to add it because all the comments were so positive i felt like i just had to let people know that not everyone is so thrilled, let alone intellectually provoked by this attempt at creating a captivating philosophical cinematic enigma. some scenes seemed promising, playing with visual dimensions, but couldn't hold up the rest. i felt like i was stoned for the first time again, having semi-philosophical conversations with fellow adolescents.what a futile attempt to raise dutch cinema to new heights. i'd rather watch jesus is een palestijn, without all the pretentions and with straight forward humor, also raising questions about life and the realities we create for ourselves.gert de graff is not jean-luc godard or tarkovsky and appearantly never will be.

from the blocky digitised footage to the acting that makes keanu "i'm so wooden i could be a plank me" reeves look like an oscar winner this film bites (pun not intended). the best thing about it is the box of eraticate in the 2nd segment (which out of the three seemed to be the strongest piece in terms of storyline and 'twist'). wish i'd spent the £3.99 it cost me on something else, like erm.... natural born killers: directors cut. if you do buy this, you're really in for a disappointment, do yourself a favour and avoid it like the plague. if you're looking for something amateurish and with actors that are more wooden than a 2x4 then go ahead. however if you want some quality werewolf action look elsewhere, like dog soldiers, wolfen, romasanta:the werewolf hunt.

i don't think you can get much worse then this. put together bad actors, fake limbs, and three stupid stories and what do you get? this b-rate pointless excuse for a movie.the first story immediately shows the bad video quality and the acting is just really pathetic, especially when you bring in the 25 year old posing as a grandma with the usually grandma bun over the ears bit. plus, the man is ok, but the woman is rather ugly. "you look great!" not! the werewolf in this one was the best one out of all three i'd say, but its still not impressive since it was all bad costume. the face on the woman later was decent enough for halloween but not for a werewolf movie.the more stories you go through the worse it gets. there are two lesbians in this next one who are completely retarded its ridiculous. the whole "i want to be a werewolf, too" "how could you do this to me?!" was silly to say. you asked for it now get over it! the werewolf will not even be spoken of...its a rat!the third one has no point...almost forty five minutes of running and boring narration make up this story and the whole switch thing still didn't make it interesting. boring!music, yes, bad...who couldn't even hear some parts it was stupid. animals effects were either rat or pig-like which was stupid. they couldn't use lion sounds? guess not, good movies use that. well, i =f you enjoy b-rates this is good for you. i got this movie since i'm a hardcore werewolf fan and i'll buy any werewolf movie and watch it more then once, but thats just me. if you prefer good ones, don't waste your money. i beg you!

the movie uses a cutting edge title for a lame story. kill kill, would have been nice. the movie incorporates taboo scenes to make the viewer move back in their chairs. the scenes are unnecessary and choppy. the movie is something a novice screen writer could have conjured. just a waste of movie props and network money. i have to write 10 lines of text to critique this film when it is not worth 10 lines of my time, but i have to push on to let the people know to avoid the nonsense. if people are counting on you to choose a good movie for movie night, pick something else. if you have a soul don't damage it by subjecting yourself to this filth.

for the knowledgeable beatles fan, the main value in this movie is to just sit back and pick out the flaws, inaccuracies, combined events, omitted events, wildly exaggerated events, omitted people, timeline errors, mis-attribute quotes, incorrect clothing, out of place songs, and (shame shame) incorrect instruments and other boners i just cant think of right now. the flaws come fast and furious so you'll have to be on your toes.i didn't give this a "1" primarily due the fact that it is filmed in liverpool and the actors (the band rain) give it their all (the lennon character is credible and does a good job). also, the song "cry for a shadow" is heard at one point and that counts for something.so,,, watch it for fun, but please don't take it as historically accurate.

i've had to change my view on the worst film in the world having just seen this one. this is it!make no mistake this film is awful.here's a list of reasons:hopeless storyline (despite being based on a true story). dreadful acting (what was judge reinhold thinking) unbelieveably bad stunts. childish dialogue. non-existent continuity. lack of atmosphere.get the picture?

quite one of the worst films i have ever seen. terrible acting, laughable 'action' (it's clear that the cars are travelling slowly), atrocious script, hideously unsatisfying ending and incompetent direction make a hash of a movie. we know judge reinhold is a fine actor, but he should be ashamed of this detritus. there is no great tension within the car and, when the characters stumble upon moments of hope, they laugh like inane banshees for some reason, even 'high five-ing' when they see the bridge lowered!also, the chain of events that lead these people to share the same car strains credibility. apparently based on true events, though? if that's the case, truth is evidently stranger than fiction! unfortunate then, that it was portrayed in such an inept manner.

i saw this in the market place at the cannes film festival. it's a real cheapo prod - nothing wrong with that but you have to make up for it with a bit of sex or gore or both. think larry cohen. sean young is an interesting actor - well done to the producers for hooking her i guess.the opening scene in the space-ship coming down is hilarious - you could picture all the crew hands shaking it around! ha ha - but i wish the people who made this well - at least it's not pretentious.

this is the only movie i have ever seen that has prompted me to write a critique on any internet site, and that is a significant statement from someone who likes "the attack of the monolith monsters." this movie is perfect for anyone who wants an inoffensive movie. it is devoid of sex and violence, for example. i believe that this movie is safe for children of all ages. this movie is perfect for anyone who does not want to be entertained, challenged, or stimulated in any way. adults could easily catch up on their sleep in front of the tv while the kids watch this movie. don't be surprise ,however, if you wakeup to find the kids have turned the tv off and started a board game. as an adult who enjoys being entertained, who enjoys everything from the mundane to the fantastic in realism, drama, comedy, and action, all of those adult things that reflect real life on earth and/or stimulate the imagination, this movie has nothing to offer.

bad movie - saw it at the tiff and the movie gives me a sense of 'been there done that' - it reminds me alot of the movie blow - expect the blow was actually interesting.this one story told two ways and both times it is not told that well.

the premise was intriguing, but sadly this film just doesn't do any justice to it. the casting was quite good, and it was shot beautifully - but stylistically much of the direction was inconsistent (overstylized fast editing been there done that to no effect.... i was waiting for steven bochco to run in the credits followed by a commercial), characters were identified exclusively by on-screen coke usage (and pretty much everything else left to boogie nights for character development), and no personable characters to draw the viewer into the story. a very forgettable film.

the plot certainly seemed interesting enough. how can a real-life brutal murder be turned into a truly boring movie? well, you can watch "wonderland" and find out.i had heard of the wonderland murders before this film was released and found it to be an interesting true story of some genuinely sadistic people. unfortunately, there is zero character development, so we never get a chance to understand why any of this was done or get a good sense of the interrelationships between the characters. the pace of the direction was very tedious. this all leads to an extraordinarily boring movie.given that dawn schiller - a central character as holmes's girlfriend - was an associate producer and that holmes's wife was a consultant on the film, we should have had the opportunity to gain some real insight into the characters.

val kilmer, solid performance. dylan mcdermott, solid performance. josh lucas, solid performance. three very engaging actors giving decent performances. the problem is, who cares about the plot? john holmes. infamous for his well-endowments, a drug addict, and a guy who, despite contracting aids, continued to make adult films, just does not make an intriguing character.the story surrounds the events leading up to and the aftermath of a vicious mass murder that occurred in the late 80's in los angelos to which holmes was linked, arrested and charged with murder, and who ultimately was acquitted. just like in the case of o.j., the guilt factor, regardless of the outcome, ranged quite high in the "he did it" zone.there is no one to sympathize with in this film, as everyone is a self-serving criminal. there is just nothing remotely interesting here.

unlike others, i refuse to call this pitiful excuse for a movie a triumph of style over substance (i don't want to give style a bad name). still, it's the most apt description that comes to mind.a pointless, unpleasant and ultimately meaningless assault on the eyes and ears, "wonderland" leaves one wondering only why the film was made in the first place and who in their right mind gave the greenlight to this dreary and tangled mess. a biography of porn star john holmes? a study of who the man was, why he went into the business and how it affected him? great. bound to be compelling, bound to be entertaining. bound to be enlightening and fascinating on about a million levels (and i have zero interest in porn).but a confusing, violent, rashomon-style study of a series of murders holmes was connected with after his career ended? who in hell cares? what insights do we gain? this film completely ignores the most interesting aspect of john holmes's life -- that he was a porno star! "wonderland" might as well have been about anyone: the fact that the main character is the most famous male adult film star in history is almost irrelevant.to make matters about a thousand times worse, the picture is loaded down with jerkoff gimmicks -- annoying machine gun editing, sloppy dogme-95 camerawork, unnecessary split-screen graphics and animation, etc. etc.in the absence of a compelling story and unique main character, the director (and i use the term loosely) has thrown together a dozen or so techniques from other films and decided to call the resulting mess a movie, among these: the trendy, bleach-bypass look of "narc" or "traffic" or "minority report;" the frantic, often incomprehensible, throw-the-pieces-of-film-in-the-air cutting style of "natural born killers" or "28 days later;" the fill-every-moment-of-silence-with- an-old-song-to-evoke-the-period soundtrack of "goodfellas" or "blow;" the groovy, retro title sequence of "velvet goldmine" or "autofocus" or "catch me if you can." the list goes on and on and on. pathetic.i wanted to like this movie. i had real hopes for it. "wonderland avenue" had been around for years; had the context of the murders been emphasized rather than the murders themselves, i think it could have worked. had the murders (and holmes's growing involvement with seedy l.a. types) signaled the end of a career, or the end of the swinging '70s, i think the film could have had meaning; it could have served a purpose. as it is -- meaningless. pointless. who cares how many perspectives exist on a series of murders generally unknown by the public? the case isn't famous enough to merit such painstaking examination.this film should have been the third act of "the john holmes story." that's it. period. and it could have worked. what's that? oh, right, right, they didn't want to tell a traditional rise-and-fall story. they didn't want to make "boogie nights" or "goodfellas" or "star 80" or "autofocus." they wanted their film to be different. right?well, in one sense, they succeeded. there's a big difference between those films and "wonderland." the difference is those films are good.

i am wanting to make a "holmes with doors" pun but i can't quite string it all together. suitably grubby and over edited wonderland gives kilmer a role that channels morrison at the same time....but how coy is this film about the famous 14 inches! australian crime films flash it all the time and skip the graphic violence instead.....as someone famous said once about us cinema double standards: "kiss a breast and it's an x, stab it and its an action pg 13"... wonderland is 14 minutes too long too, and at the end the tawdry spiral we were all glad to escape the cinema. how many films called wonderland are we going to get? there must be six in the last decade. the pixilated violence and muted color sets the seedy tone but the wobble-cam gets tiresome, as if we are gawking at their nostrils all the time. taking a few cues form the doors and taxi driver it all becomes forgettable the next day.

i was excited when i heard they were finally making this horrific event into a movie. the whole era (1980's southern california) and subject matter (drug and porn industry) is intriguing to me. i thought this would be a sure fire hit. i was not thrilled with the choice of kilmer as holmes, they do not resemble each other in physical appearance or mannerisms. i guess he sells tickets? however, i was willing to overlook this and give it a fair shot. i was a bit shocked that there were only like four other people in the entire theater with me on that first day of showing. now the whole crime and story in the film is hard to do, i will admit that. there were no witnesses to this very violent and brutal act. john holmes was there, but he was also a pathological liar and worried about what would happen to his family (and self) if he talked to police about it. in fact, holmes never really testified about what happened and the crime did go unsolved. so this was still really one big mystery, a mystery that this movie does nothing to cast light on. the person writing the screenplay had a whole lot of discretion and most of the principal characters are dead. however, there is no real storyline, it is fragmented claptrap. the script is light and the actors try to hard to beef up paper thin lines by overacting. the film gives no insight into holmes or the other people involved. kilmer's character disappears for long stretches, his girlfriend is dull, the police are jokes. even kudrow tries hard to make a flimsy role look substantial. it is a very shallow piece and dare i say, boring. the director even tries to turn it into a love story. which is nice, unless you know anything about what a piece of trash john holmes really was. perhaps a couple of viewings of anderson's "boogie nights" might have helped here. "boogie nights" was innovative and exciting in all regards. this film on the other hand was flat and without any real charm or style. even the music is out of place, with duran duran being played in a scene that was supposed to have taken place in 1980. then we have gordon lightfoot? gordon lightfoot? there could have been a great film based on this gruesome event, but i have not seen it yet. i have not seen even a decent one yet (unless you consider the rahad jackson scene from boogie nights).

even with a cast that boasts such generally reliable names as val kilmer and lisa kudrow, wonderland fails to yield any sense of depth to this film. it barely brushes the surface of the incidents that happened on that july night in 1981. kilmer just goes through the motions as john holmes and kudrow and kate bosworth are both hopefully miscast in the other two lead roles; as holmes's wife and underage girlfriend, respectively. the rest of the cast has such small roles that it's impossible to get any dimensions from them. the film also stars carrie fisher, ted levine, franky g, mc gainey, dylan mcdermott and a cameo from paris hilton.

freeway killer, is a madman who shoots people on the freeway while yelling a bunch of mystical chant on a car phone. the police believe he is a random killer, but sunny, the blond heroine, played by darlanne fluegel detects a pattern. so does the ex-cop, played by james russo, and they join forces, and bodies, in the search for the villain who has done away with their spouses. also starring richard belzer, this movie has its moments especially if you like car chases, but its really not a good movie for the most part, check it out if you're really bored and have already seen the hitcher, joy ride, or breakdown, otherwise stay away from the freeway.

takashi shimizu had a great opportunity with a remake of his original film ju-on the grudge. while i haven't seen that film, i would have to wager that there's more imagination and originality (or some rip-off originality, in other words skill with known tropes of the japanese ghost movie) than in his own directed remake. maybe the script was written to somehow have some kind of warped appeal, or i would guess accessibility, for an american audience. what starts off with some potential - the hint of something very screwed up going on with bill pullman's sudden movement - just goes into a total jumble. and as a horror movie? gimme a break.tension could have been built on the situation - a nurse going to take care of a disturbed woman in a house that is haunted - but he undercuts everything he wants to get his audience to feel. scares? how's about some music timed just so you know when exactly to expect something. a black cat? yeah, why not just make the ghost-boy thing sound like a cat for creepiness which, in effect, is only creepy if you want cats. plot? why not just shuffle between past and present without any semblance of an actual flow of how a story could be told (meaning, while the flashbacks are inserted and are meant to be organic with the story overall, they aren't), or for that matter have us care about anyone in the cast.by the time the characters, or those that are there for exposition, get around to telling us what is going on or whatever, there's little point to care. the film-making is shoddy (i.e. the 180 degree rule is broken many times over and not in a forgivable or intriguing way), and the performances are wooden even when looking frightened or shocked (gellar especially is disappointing, but pullman, who shows up later after his first scene, is sorely miscast). even when shimizu tries for some average old "boo" scares, like when the woman is in the office building and chased by the grudge ghost, it's still silly. just watch when she's going on that elevator and the ghost is in the background of shots. either you'll go with it, and if so more power to you, or you'll laugh hysterically at the results. count me in the latter.i'm not totally sure where this project went wrong - was it shimizu having to retool it for the studios, or him not giving enough leeway with his revamp of his vision? or maybe raimi had some say in it and made things more confusing and/or dull than they would be with someone else. the grudge gives us a lot of information that doesn't make sense or at the least give us some horror-fodder to chew on. it's cineplex trash of a sad order.

first, let's get it out of the way. . . yeah, this film steals a lot from 'darkness falls' (2003). the plot for 'darkness falls' goes something like this: the tooth fairy, a murderous woman who hides her face due to disfigurement kills people who look at her out of revenge. in 'the tooth fairy' (2006), the disfigured tooth fairy (who, yeah, hides her face) unleashes her furious vengeance on just about anyone. a little too similar to be coincidence.but, what must be asked is this: if you're going to directly steal the exact plot from a movie, why choose something as mediocre as 'darkness falls'? sure it made a few bucks at the box office, but that was strictly for the fairly okay theatrical experience the film delivered. a low-budget, straight-to-video movie will not have that same effect. and it didn't.as i watched the opening 15-20 minutes of the film, my expectations actually rose. there seemed to be at least some production value. the story didn't seem terrible, just blatantly ripped off. past the first scene, we get an okay cast of characters including an ex-doctor with secrets (played by that guy who looks like a busey) and some hot veterinary student (jenifer from argento's 'masters of horror: jenifer'). after those few minutes, however, the film just slowly goes down the drain. it serves all the basic horrible clichés including, but not limited to: some crazy old person with an unheeded warning, the buff dumb jock, the psychic, and the stripper with the heart-of-gold.one of the biggest problems this film had was its inability to stick with a target audience. it's kind of like the filmmakers wanted to change the tone for whatever character was on screen at the time. when the adults were on screen, it had a more mature feel. when star (the stripper) and whatshisface (the jock) were on screen, the dialogue went down to a more stupid, err immature, level. when the kid was on screen, it felt like an episode of 'are you afraid of the dark?'. . . only less scary.technically, the film is all over the place. the visuals range from fairly good to plain boring. the writing is subpar, as is the acting for the most part. on the plus side, there's some excessive gore at parts (including a fairly cool (yet painfully predictable)) woodchipper scene and a pretty vicious nailgun scene. also, if you're looking for a bit of the sexy stuff, there's a brief topless scene (but if you want to see this chick topless, there are better films to do that). other than that, there's not much to bother with when it comes to this film.if you're a huge fan of 'darkness falls' (do those exist?), maybe you can check it out to see the story done in a different way. . . but, that's about the only reason i can find to see this one.final verdict: 3/10 -ap3-

this movie is so stupid it simply goes around the corner and becomes ridiculous. i wanted to watch "darkness falls" actually and thought that this was the movie. boy, what a mistake! i fast-forwarded as much as i could and still i couldn't get rid of the boring moments. i just envy the people who was paid to play in or work on this movie. they were actually given money for this crap. isn't that amazing? i mean in this movie a man gets killed and chopped in a wood-grinder to little bloody pieces and few minutes later the mother and the kid talk calmly at the table as nothing happened and drink coffee. please! come on! who gives money for such crap movies? oh, and the "tooth-fairy" was lame. not scary at all and was obvious that it is a bored stuntman wearing a badly made make-up.

this movie has one redeeming feature. at one point, after a character is attacked by an ax-wielding fairy, his brother asks him, "why is your dick over there, chuck?" after suffering through almost an hour of bad film, this almost made my drink come out my nose.some of the acting isn't too bad, but the kids all stink and p. j. soles should be ashamed of herself for doing this film. the story is weak and nobody does what you think (or what common sense dictates) they should.of course, there are a lot of story points that don't add up. for example, in one scene the ghosts of young children must concentrate hard to move a physical object so they can prove they exist, a difficult feat since they apparently can't interact with physical matter. however, minutes later they all pick up branches off the ground and beat the tooth fairy with them. apparently they can sometimes move matter and sometimes they can't. go figure.lots of blood and guts, though...a few nice boobs. but this doesn't make up for the deficiencies.if you want a movie about the tooth fairy, go rent "darkness falls". i think it's great, though a lot of other reviewers don't share my opinion. at least it sets a mood.

i was enjoying this movie most of the time, but i kept getting the feeling that i was watching a children's movie. i honestly think that somebody wrote a pg script and then, while filming, decided to add in some blood, nudity and language. it was a big let down. there's that believe the children magic that exists in movies like "babe" (the pig) or "angels in the outfield" that defeats the evil tooth fairy. the parents end up believing their daughter about her ability to see the ghost and utilize this skill to supernaturally defeat the tooth fairy. when i bought this movie, i thought it would be a b-film response to the dreadful darkness falls; somehow manage to make a better film with 1/4 of the money, but they don't. they made a worse film and will probably lose the same proportion of money lost on darkness falls.

where to begin. this movie started out as something that seemed like a rip-off of "darkness falls". an old , disfigured woman living in the woods, giving kids presents for their teeth. sound familiar? then it changes. in "darkness falls", the tooth fairy only killed you if you saw her. the tooth fairy in this movie killed you no matter what. why did they need the rocker, his hippie girlfriend or the bubbas and their sister? i think the movie would've been fine without them. it seems like the producers sat around and decided that they needed to put extra people in the movie just so the tooth fairy would have people to kill. although, it's nice to see a pretty blonde girl not being portrayed as a bubble-head for a change. okay to rent, but i wouldn't suggest buying it.

the tooth fairy is about the ghost of an old deformed witch that lures children to her house to get a prize for their loose tooth and then takes their lives. the first few minutes introduce you to the 1949 beginning of the legend of the tooth fairy and then switches to present day. the worn out horror plot is pretty much saved by the solid acting. they could have done without the hammond brothers and a few other scenes, but overall the gore scenes were bloody but quick which had a minimizing effect. the eye candy is pretty good for both genders. camera work is good. dialog is fair but cheesy. i expected the film to be a bare bones, low budget, slasher with very few redeeming factors. i was surprised by the quality of the film.

i tried to finish this film three times, but it's god awful. case in point: mom and daughter drive up to the bed and breakfast,mom stops for gas, crazy gas station weirdos mad at her hubby whose running the b&b try to rape her. she escapes, heads to b&b and instead of hubby going ballistic and she wanting to call the cops, story just continues with lukewarm behavior on both their parts. wow.other action logic deficits abound. acting is also lukewarm, and the next door neighbor's warning is delivered in a really corny, badly acted moment.moments of intense gore/death unevenly interwoven with lukewarm scenes of time-filler interplay between characters.less focus on gore, more focus on mood and story would have been appreciated.

...the child actors were annoying. also it seems as if the makers on this film were struggling to fill 90 minutes. decent death scenes, though. if not for the death scenes, this movie would have a very disneyish feel to it.the main child protagonist didn't seem nearly as scared as she should have been. if i was in the middle of the woods with a tooth fairy ghost killer type individual, you can bet your arse i wouldn't be out wandering around and riding my bike.overall, i've seen worse (i.e. it waits) but it's nothing i would watch again, or recommend anyone bothering with it unless you're an avid horror collector.

the only scary thing about this movie is the thought that whoever made it might make a sequel.from start to finish "the tooth fairy" was just downright terrible. it seemed like a badly-acted children's movie which got confused, with a "wizard of oz" witch melting and happy kiddies ending combined with some bad gore effects and swearing.half of the cast seem completely unnecessary except for conveniently being there to get murdered in some fashion. the sister of the two brothers, cherise the aura reader and mrs. mcdonald have entirely no point in the film - they could have included them in the main plot for some interesting side stories but apparently couldn't be bothered. the people watching the film know the characters are there for some bloody death scene but come on, at least try and have a slight plot for them. the story in general is weak with erratic behavior from the characters that makes you wish they all get eaten by the witch.add the weak plot and the weak acting together (the children are particularly wooden) and the movie ends up a complete failure. if only mst3k could have had a go at this one ...

this movie is similar to darkness falls,and the boogeyman(2005)but it's also much more graphic than both,and not as good as either.it's also slow and fairly predictable.it's also got shades of deliverance and the amityville horror.plus,we get some new age flavour thrown in the mix and some of those scenes come off as a motivational/inspirational sermon.really,this movie is a hodgepodge of almost everything.even though it is gory,the makeup effects are not very realistic looking.in fact they look kinda cheap.aside from all that,there is some really awful clichéd dialogue.and i won't say when,but there is a point where a couple of the character's actions were not authentic or believable,given the circumstances.nobody in their right mind what would have acted this way.once you watch the movie,you'll know what i mean.there's also some gratuitous nudity for nudity's sake.it just wasn't necessary at all.the good news is that the acting was actually pretty good.better than this movie deserves.so,after carefully weighing the evidence,id say this movie was passable,but not good.my verdict for the tooth fairy:4/10

when i saw this movie cover, the first thing i thought was that it was made for video. the second thing that came to mind was how similar this looked to another terrible movie "darkness falls", the tale of this dumb witch who killed people in the dark. unfortunately, darkness falls was quite the masterpiece compared to this pile of garbage, and this movie should not have been made.the film starts off with a small back story for the witch, or, more like a pointless introduction of two little kids who are going to go meet the tooth fairy in hopes of her giving them a shiny new bicycle for their tooth. the opening is filmed poorly, and like the rest of the movie, it's certainly not scary. in present time, the movie is about peter (lochlyn munroe). peter's renting out his house, and his ex-girlfriend darcy (chandra west), and her daughter cole come to stay there. cole meets a neighborhood child, and they talk of the tooth fairy, and how you shouldn't lose your tooth, or she'll come for you. unfortunately seconds later, it looks like the tooth fairy steals her bike and knocks her tooth out (how ironic). will cole survive the wrath of the tooth fairy, and will her mother and peter be able to save her, and rekindle their romance...this is a bad movie, you could probably figure it out.one of the main problems with this idiotic film is how undefined the tooth fairy is. they say she kills you if you lose your tooth, but nope. she's more like a serial killer who kills at random, and if you lose your tooth, you're definitely going to go. she steals a bike, so apparently she's a thief too. i said earlier that the idea for this movie was based on darkness falls, but where did they get the inspiration for the tooth fairy's appearance? let's see. she looks like a burn victim, and she previously went around the neighborhood slaughtering children. hmmm...it's almost as though she's an exact rip-off of freddy krueger from the "nightmare on elm street" films. and this is not the worst part of this awful mess, the climax is. this movie might have the most laughable climax (not literally laughable because i found it more sickening than funny) i've ever seen. don't see this.just a little trivia. lochlyn munroe was in scary movie, and jianna ballard was in scary movie 3, and they both were in this, so apparently scary movie stars are forced to end out their career with bad scary movies.my rating: 1/2 out of ****. 80 mins. r for violence.

stephen j. cannell apparently decided a few years ago that he would broaden his horizons and dabble in horror. the result, "dead above ground", is an abysmal piece of junk. now, had i noticed his name in association with this particular film i'd have put it back but no, i didn't have my glasses on and therefore i missed it, damn, i really do need to bring those with me while video shopping. first question would be, who the heck is the target audience for this? it's almost like a "scary" kids movie, but then again there's topless babes and some gore and some bad words spouted here and there. the main characters are so cute that you want to see someone, anyone, go after them with farm implements of some kind. seems that a guy opens a bed and breakfast that has a checkered past, a child-murdering witch that collected children's teeth lived there. probably something the real estate agent failed to mention. of course now in the modern day there's a little girls ghost around to warn the real-live little girl that now lives there that something bad is going to happen. it does, and there's also two bubbas that were squatting on that property when the new owner took over so they're out for revenge too. this whole thing has the feel of some made-for-cable junk that's for the kids at halloween except for, of course, the things that aren't suitable for little kids, so not only is this mediocre, it's confused, too. a big boo and hiss to anchor bay for putting this out too, considering their usual track record with fine releases this is a new low. the uk gets a phantasm box set, we get "the tooth fairy". hardly seems fair. 1 out of 10, absolute garbage.

i was duped into seeing this movie after reading a positive review from another website and man was i p.o'd!!! it took me at least 15 minutes to pick it up off the shelf b/c i didn't want anyone to see me. then another 10 minutes to build the courage to take it to the counter and actually use real money to rent it. i thought that all my stress would pay off by the time i got home to and watching the movie b/c the review i read said the movie was a pleasant surprise; what a joke! if you can make it through the first hour of the movie then your in luck! b/c it's not until then the movie turn's into a horror. don't bother with this one folks, your better off watching "dankness falls"

darcy and her young daughter pamela are heading out to the country where her mum's boyfriend peter left his doctor's position in the city to become a writer and fix up a bed and breakfast inn. although this inn has a terrible past and pamela learns from one the girl's who lives in the town that a deformed witch once reside in that house. they called her the 'tooth fairy' as she would kill kids after getting their last baby tooth. this work on the inn, has awoken the 'tooth fairy'. now she has her sights on pamela and her last baby tooth, but if any gets in the way they face the same fate that awaits pamela.this flick's old folk myth of the 'tooth fairy' doesn't paint her in a very generous way, as you would believe when you were a child. don't they just love turning happy childhood memories into nightmares! another one which did fall into the same category was "darkness falls (2003)". i can't compare how similar they are in the premises, because i haven't seen the latter, but i mostly read they have basically share the same idea. for a little straight to dvd film, this dtv effort looks good and has some promising images surrounding the senseless and traditionally by the book plot device. low expectations are needed, as i wouldn't class it as an success, but i found it be to marginally entertaining.cory strode and cookie rae brown's story or background for this 'tooth fairy' character is completely bare with it leaning more towards a slasher vehicle than anything really supernatural. silly is a good way to describe what's happening in this poorly scripted story, but it never really feels like a fairytale horror. the dialogues can seem rather redundant and morally hounded. while the acting is simply sub-par with the bland characters they have to work off, but director chuck bowman offers up some inventive blood splatter and terribly nasty jolts. this kinda makes up for the lack of suspense, the zero scares and generic tone. his direction is reasonably earnest and visually able, where he gets some atmospheric lighting contrasting well with its slick photography. the promising opening scene is creepily effective. his pacing can slow up in parts and there's the odd and unnecessary slow-motion scene put in, but nonetheless it never gets too stodgy with something active occurring which made sure that i wasn't bored.the make-up special effects provided the goods, as there's enough repulsive gruel and the tooth fairy's appearance is especially gooey. the figure of the tooth fairy can look threatening in its black robe, bubbling make-up and swift movements. being on location helps carve out a more natural feel and can get atmospherically rich in its sense of eeriness. child actors can be incredibly annoying, but nicole muñoz was decent in her part. lochlyn munro and chandra west are somewhat solid, but can be a little too causal in their performances as peter and darcey. the radiantly gorgeous carrie anne fleming is one of their lodgers. p.j soles shows up in small part as a superstitious neighbour who tries to warn them about the evil that lurks at the inn.i thought it was a okay time-waster that has a sound concept, which just isn't fleshed out enough and the execution is pretty textbook stuff. watchable nonsense, but at the same time extremely forgettable.

the tooth fairy is set in a small town somewhere in northern california where peter campbell (lochlyn munro) has brought a farming property which he is renovating & planning to turn into a holiday inn, he is joined by his girlfriend darcy wagner (chandra west) & her young 12 year old daughter pamela (nicole munoz) who arrive to help for the weekend. while exploring the property pamela meets another young girl named emma (jianna ballard) who warns her that evil lurks within her new home, she tells a tale of an evil old witch known as the tooth fairy who takes baby teeth from children & then kills them. pamela is worried & becomes even more so when she falls off her bike & her last baby tooth falls out, it's not long before the evil ghost of the tooth fairy has her eyes on pamela's tooth & just for kicks she also decides to kill anyone she comes across...directed by chuck bowman i thought the tooth fairy was just another poor straight-to-video low budget horror film that fails to distinguish itself from the countless other's which litter video shop shelves & fill late night obscure cable tv schedules, basically it's not very good. the script by producer stephen j. cannell, corey strode & cookie rae brown is a complete snooze-fest for the first 40 odd minutes, nothing of any great interest happen during this period at all & is basically dull exposition as if this stuff was going to surprise anyone. it introduces the character's, sets the tooth fairy legend up & that's it. the second half of the film improves slightly but even then it's hardly spectacular stuff, there are a few decent set-piece gore scenes but apart from that it's all very predictable & forgettable stuff. the character's aren't great & most of them are there purely to be killed off, the story has inconsistencies like the story of the tooth fairy herself, it says she kills children after they give her their baby teeth so why does she go on an indiscriminate killing spree that has nothing to do with teeth? what happened to her after the prologue set during 1949? why has she come back as a ghost? despite being a ghost of some sort she seems very human having to open doors herself & using weapons to kill people, there is no attempt to make any use of the supernatural elements except the ghostly children who are played for maximum sentiment.director bowman does ok, it's reasonably well made & there are a couple of half decent scenes but nothing to get that excited about. there's nothing i would describe as scary or atmospheric in here & don't take any notice of the comparisons between this & darkness falls (2003) as besides the teeth thing they're quite different. the gore is ok, someone is shoved into a wood-chipping machine, there's a decapitation, someone has their penis chopped off & the best scene when someone is nailed to a door & then has their stomach hacked open with an axe & their guts slide out.with a supposed budget of about $1,500,000 the tooth fairy is generally well made but there's nothing special on show here. the acting isn't anything great but it's not too bad & unusually i didn't find the child actors that annoying so that's something i suppose.the tooth fairy is the usual just below average low budget modern straight-to-video horror fare that seems everywhere these days, if you can find a cheap copy then it might pass 90 odd minutes if your not too demanding otherwise it's pretty poor & forgettable stuff.

just saw this film and i must say that although there was shown in the beginning some effort to produce a decent film, this was absolutely horrible -- but not in the sense that was intended i'm sure.it was like a child was directing this insult to intelligence with the belief that all would-be viewers are morons or extremely hard up for entertainment or both.... thank god for fast forward! i can't imagine the type of viewer the producer had in mind when making this film. i mean, you have actors trying to be serious, albeit barely, and a script that cries for a total rewrite,.... i just can't say anymore. if harlequin romance decided to do horror films, this would be a good effort.if you found this movie to be entertaining, then i strongly suggest that you seek out some guidance as to the purpose of movies. there is much better fare out there. join a club, read reviews, but above all, avoid crap like this.

watching this film for the action is rather a waste of time, because the figureheads on the ships act better than the humans. it's a mercy that anthony quinn couldn't persuade anyone else to let him direct any other films after this turkey.but it is filled with amusement value, since yul brynner has hair, lorne greene displays an unconvincing french accent, and the rest of the big names strut about in comic-book fashion.

this film is deeply disappointing. not only that wenders only displays a very limited musical spectrum of blues, it is his subjective and personal interest in parts of the music he brings on film that make watching and listening absolutely boring. the only highlight of the movie is the interview of a swedish couple who were befriended with j.b. lenoir and show their private video footage as well as tell stories. wenders's introduction of the filmic topic starts off quite interestingly - alluding to world's culture (or actually, american culture) traveling in space, but his limited looks on the theme as well as the neither funny nor utterly fascinating reproduction of stories from the 30s renders this movie as a mere sleeping aid. yawn. i had expected more of him.

this really doesn't do the blues justice. it starts out badly with images from the voyager probe and blind willie mctell (or was it blind lemon jefferson? someone blind anyway) apparently narrating from outer space (?) and telling us the life stories of various blues musicians. corny as it is, this might be the visually most interesting part of this documentary. afterwards the only thing to see is actors incompetently mouthing the classic tunes, filmed in fake 20s black and white intercut with the likes of beck and shemekia copeland raping the same songs afterwards. this is a good device to show us why the old blues greats were really so great, but it doesn't make for compelling viewing. there is hardly anything in here that could justify making it a film and not a radio play. nobody should be forced to see these badly done reenactments. it's a shame for wenders, scorsese and especially for the blues. avoid at all costs.

mario van peebles pops up for less than a five second cameo. glenn plummer shows up a little longer but its a ladies show all the way. stacey dash and lisa raye have been in better projects. bobby brown leers and mugs through his little time on screen. this is how it was pitched...five tough women shootin' and lovin' in the wild wild west. four black and one asian. oh and lil' kim is a tough talking' heartbreaker and marie matiko can bring in the pacific rim market. we can shoot it for less than 15 million. straight to video and we'll double but more likely triple our dollars.greenlight that puppy.you got it boss.

some people have made a point of dissing this movie because they question the plausibility of black people in the old west, asian people in the old west or women with guns in the old west period. get a grip and read a book. there were quite a few asians (chinese), there were quite a few blacks (freedmen) and everybody outside of the gentile class had ready access to guns; it is the second amendment you know. and as far as the use of modern language goes, none of those westerns people have waxed nostalgic about actually used language that was consistent with the era depicted. americans had different accents, used different inflections, spoke at a very different pace and used plenty of words and phrases that would be unrecognizable today. don't blame historical inaccuracy for the fact that you just didn't dig it. be honest. maybe you're just uncomfortable with what you're seeing.

to be completely honest,i haven't seen that many western films but i've seen enough to know what a good one is.this by far the worst western on the planet today.first off there black people in the wild west? come on! who ever thought that this could be a cool off the wall movie that everyone would love were slightly, no no, completely retarded!secondly in that day and age women especially black women were not prone to be carrying and or using guns.thirdly whats with the asian chick speaking perfect english? if the setting is western,asia isn't where your going. finally,the evil gay chick was too much the movie was just crap from the beginning.now don't get me wrong i'm not racist or white either so don't get ticked after reading this but this movie,this movie is the worst presentation of black people i have ever seen!

i have been learning about the zodiac for four years now. and i'm not saying i know much more than anyone else...in fact out of most of the people who know and read and learn about z, i am prolly the one with the least knowledge...but i do know or at least i think i know that most of the stuff in this wouldn't happen...from how he signed his name...to how he killed people...i thought that godfather was the worst film ever...the cinematography was that of a five year old...not saying that my films are any better but i am not someone who is making movies for the mass population...the acting i thought for the most part was pretty good really i did...the lead didn't talk that much on camera or at all i forget and don't know because i stopped watching...his voice overs where good...but really spend the four dollars and 70 cents on something else...like a large pizza or something...until i learn how to write a review, psycho phil

the film is about a young man, michael, who cares for the elderly. one day he decides to kill some of the relatives of his clients. around the same time he decides to model his killing after the zodiac killer of the 60's. he gets in touch with the author of a book about the zodiac killer and they form a friendship. michael has a gun (aparently the only gun, as it seems to be in the hands of some of the other actors, only not portrayed as the same gun.) and he goes out a-killin'. original. this is a great film if you like b movies. i thought the idea of the movie was good, but the editing and the acting really drowned the plot. i thought the 'blood' was just too fake, the lighting was horrible in some places, and the dialog was just too standard. the movie was shot on video, which is okay, but the editing of the film just made for some weird 'plan 9' scenes. not a bad movie for fans of the b-movie genre, but if you want something with a bit more polish, move on to something else.

if i could give it a zero, i'd change my mind and give it a -10 instead. absolutely horrible movie with no movie plot, doesn't make sense of what is happening. just plain boring. please don't waste your money on this one. pleaseee!!! this movie could have done so well if it truly depicted the real zodiac killer's story, but nopes, i didn't feel anything but disgust while watching it. do yourself a favor and rent some classic movies instead, its better to watch a movie you've already seen like 3-4 times than watch this crap! i don't understand why people even bother to make such movies when they know its not going to do well. zodiac killer should be called 'boriac killer' instead!!!

why would anyone want to see this?! if this was a film posted on youtube by a teenager, i might have applauded the teen in doing so much with his mommy's video camera. i might have also congratulated his family and friends for doing a good job acting. sadly, it was made by a very experienced film maker and these were, apparently, professional actors--making this a very, very sad film. sad...and very pathetic, actually. as i said, it has a definite made directly to video look about it. it also has narration and acting that just scream "unprofessionals"--how could this be?! the film is filled with lots of corpses and blood. normally this would turn me off completely, as i hate ultra-violent films and don't like seeing all that gore. however, given that none of it is that realistic, it's bearable. however, i should warn you that there are a few scenes that are still pretty disturbing. for example, the scene with the kid throwing a radio into a lady's tub and watching her naked and frying is pretty bad. there are also scenes where you can hear the thought of psychos as they fantasize about killing women. with a level of misogyny that is pretty awful. the people who wrote this are pretty sick--like killing women is meant to be for our entertainment.after a bunch of senseless murders, the film goes to a dining room table--around which are a bunch of goof-balls wearing black hoods without eye holes! they are talking, with pride, about all the murders they have committed and chant. it's all very funny, though i am not sure that was the scene's purpose.then, the film talks about various sex crimes and killings and even vampirism and cannibalism. why, i don't know--perhaps because they people made this got off on this sort of crap. and, once again, you see and hear the thoughts and actions of a creepy german-looking man as he tracks down people and kills them.by the way, considering the film used what i must assume are professional actors, i wondered why so many people were chosen who were clearly germans. while they tried to act like americans and the film was supposed to be in california, the accents are strong. perhaps german audiences watched this and marveled at how "realistic" the acting was, but to any american it's obvious these folks ain't their fellow americans! considering that there really was a zodiac killer (who was never captured), i do wonder why anyone would want to make a "fan film" of sorts for the sick menace?! i mean...was this film meant as a snuff film for pervs? i just can't see anyone else wanting to see this or enjoying it. in fact, i wonder what would motivate anyone to make such a stupid and offensive film?! worthless and deserving to be in imdb's bottom 100 list.

this movie was almost intolerable to sit through. i can get beyond the fact that it looks like it was shot with a home video camera and that this movie is supposed to span over weeks in time yet the characters do not once change outfits, but the acting broke the 4th wall to pieces for me. i've seen better acting in a 4th grade play. aside from that the plot is unrealistic. if the man suspected the guy he would have turned him in. i was also heavily disappointed that all the killings were done with a gun what kind of gore is that. that is not a copycat the zodiac did not kill using just a gun the authorities would have known it wasn't him. another thing that really bothered me was that they called disassociative identity disorder dsm 4 when that is the name of the book used to diagnose people with mental disorders not the name of the disorder. overall i think this movie is not the kind of movie that could be done with a low budget at least not as low as they had or they could have made sure they had better actors or more gore. plenty of people have went the low budget route with out having to use horrible actors look at easy rider that had dennis hopper and jack nicholson and a low budget.

this is easily the worst movie i have ever seen. i'm not exaggerating, i told the guy at blockbuster that they should take it off the shelves. the only thing interesting about this movie is the box. on the box it says "from the director of the boogeyman" so i figured...eh whatever, if this was made recently i'm sure the directing at least won't be too bad :-\, but after i saw the movie and looked at what "boogeyman" they were talking about, it's some nonsense from the early 1980's that he made. great way to rope in unsuspecting viewers.anyway, i think that they just liked the name "zodiac killer", and didn't bother to research any of the actual zodiac's crimes or his mo, or even the years that he was active. all of the crimes they talk about have nothing to do with the zodiac and the "stories" about the original zodiac take place several years after the actual zodiac's crimes did. they also compare the zodiac to "vampire of dusseldorf" fritz haarman throughout the movie and talk to fritz's "son" quite often. the zodiac and haarman were nothing alike, and it makes more sense to compare him to btk who also shot people, not a man who killed people by chewing through their necks. none of the haarman facts are correct either, just a bunch of jumbled nonsense. his son even says "don't forget, his name was fritz haarman with 2 t's"...his actual name just has one! i think that the writer/director simply typed in a google search for serial killers and the quickest ones that came up were the zodiac killer and fritz haarman. "ooh those sound like cool names, let's make a movie about them without doing any outside research! great idea!"perhaps my favorite inconsistency in this movie is the way that the experts as well as the young killer describe suffering from dsm-iv and getting cured of it. "i was also diagnosed with dsm-iv and have since recovered", etc. for those of you who don't know, dsm-iv is the psychological manual for mental disorders. if anybody suffers from the book itself then they must have some serious problems! haha.anyway, my point is that this goes on the bottom of my top 5 worst movies of all time list, and it's rare that a movie ever reaches that point. but, if you are interested in watching a totally non-fact based story about serial killers that happens to be nothing more than boring, full of inexperienced actors, and not completely rational, i'd say check out this movie....oh, and i liked how the killer "tear gassed" a few of his victims with dry ice. nice touch...

well i'll start with the good points. the movie was only 86 minutes long, and some of it was so bad it was funny. now for the low points. my first warning sign came with an actual "warning" on the film. when it started the following "warning" was displayed: "the film you are about to see contains graphic and disturbing images. because contrary to popular belief being killed is neither fun, pretty or romantic." i should have saved myself the 86 minutes and turned it off then. the first words of the film were: "i'm at the glue factory." it was some guy talking on his phone, and he was referring to a nursing home as a glue factory. i don't know why. so the basis of the movie is some kid is obsessed with the zodiac killer and starts imitating him. the budget for this film was at least 50 bucks and they must have used the cheapest cameras they could find. the acting was worse than me reading straight from a script. that's what is looked like they were doing. the script was horrible, and the big "twist" was that this guy who wrote a biography on the zodiac killer was actually the zodiac killer. of course they tried to show this subtly but made it totally obvious within the first 10 minutes. without any more painful details of the plot, here were some horrible highlights of the movie. they try to make the zodiac killer compare himself to an "army of one" because soldiers are really just murderers. then they tried to make an attempt at "satanic worship" by showing some guys in black hoods in a meeting. the great "computer hacker" was able to get this kid's address when someone gave him the kid's name and phone number. for some reason he had to hack into the fbi to get someone address. i'm not sure why he didn't just look it up in the phone book or use whitepages.com. there was also a random allusion to 9/11 for no reason. i also learned that no matter where you get shot, blood will come out of your mouth within seconds.so if you like really bad acting, sub-par scripts, bad camera work and an obvious plot, you'll love zodiac killer!

zodiac killer. 1 out of 10. worst acting ever. no really worst acting ever. david hess (last house on the left…. no the one from the seventies…. rent it it's really good) is the worst of the bunch (pretty stiff competition but he is amazingly god-awful.) one would be hard pressed to find a home movie participant with such an awkward camera presence. the film actually screeches to a stunning painful halt when he is on the screen.not that the film actually has any redeeming qualities for mr. hess to ruin. it is filmed with a home movie camera and by the looks of things a pretty old one complete with attached boom mike. no post production either. come on there has to be some shovelware a five year old computer could use that could clean up this picture. throw in bizarre stock footage pictures of autopsy's and aircraft carrier takeoffs and this is one visually screwed up picture. the autopsy pictures are interjected the way italian cannibal films interject those god-awful real life animal killings. and the navy footage is supposed to be some anti war statement (cause we know all the bloodthirsty maniacs join the navy) what in the world is lion's gate is doing releasing this garbage? it would embarrass troma. the plot is about the zodiac killer (last seen in dirty harry …. no the one from the seventies…. rent it it's really good) somebody gets shot in the stomach in la and the cops assume the zodiac killer is back? uh-huh. what can you expect from a movie that doesn't know that dsm iv is a book not a psychiatric disorder and where the young killer older man relationship resembles that of a congressional page and closeted congressman? yeah eighties haircuts and production values meet a nambla subplot. sign me up.

awful, awful, awful.a condescending remark at the start and a few nasty autopsy photos does not a good movie make. once again i'm amazed at the determination and skill that some people have in achieving a movie production and yet they don't have the pride to realise that what they have made is an utter pile of crap.i sat and tried to think of a redeeming feature so that i could at least balance my criticism but the only one i could think of was that the opening track by pink was pretty good....i wonder if she has seen this?watch this at your peril, the boredom may kill you.

this movie is bad. i don't just mean 'bad' as in; "oh the script was bad", or; "the acting in that scene was bad".....i mean bad as in someone should be held criminally accountable for foisting this unmitigated pile of steaming crud onto an unsuspecting public. i won't even dignify it with an explanation of the (plot??) if i can refer to it as that.i can think of only one other occasion in some 40-odd years of movie watching that i have found need to vent my spleen on a movie. i mean, after all, no one goes out to intentionally make a bad movie, do they? well, yes. apparently they do...and the guilty man is writer/director ulli lommel. but the worst of it is that blockbusters is actually renting this to their customers! be advised. leave this crap where it belongs. stuck on the shelf, gathering dust.

rented it last night. the opening(2001) ran waaaaaaaaay too long. the hitchiker scene served no purpose. some skits were just retarded. i knew beforehand, chevy chase was on for less than 2 minutes. no problem. here are the best parts:koko, uranus, babs commercial, curtis mayfield songtotal: 7 minutes of good material out of a 75 minute movieeverything else was either unfunny or stupid as hell.let me give you some advice: if you want a crude movie spoofing tv and movies, rent "kentucky fried movie". if you want a less crude movie spoofing tv and movies, rent "amazon women on the moon" or "uhf"otherwise, don't bother renting this movie. you'll save 2-3 dollars.imho: ken shapiro's best movie is still "modern problems"

after two long, long opening skits, one of which my brother saw the conclusion coming of and the other totally joke free, we start the fast-forward fest that it groove tube proper. naturally, uber-stupid frat boys who still mainline jackass or tom green will find the idea of fecal matter coming out of the some tube, sex olympics(i really don't need to give you details, do i), and a clown who basically does the "not very endearing clown" bit i think i've seen approxiately ninety times now will eat this up like dung beetles: well, more power to you.i just want to express that, despite what you've heard, this movie was in no way a model for the many infinitely funnier movies like kentucky fried movie or what not. the skit movie had already been done in and now for something completely different, everything you always wanted to know about sex, and so on. and done way better.

straight to the point: "the groove tube" is one of the most unfunny, unclever and downright horrible films ever made. this "comedy" is so void of anything remotely resembling a trace of wit that it's almost incomprehensible that it was even made. i said almost because there are fans of everything after all.this film isn't even "good" bad or "enjoyable" bad. to put this movie on the same level of entertainment as "plan 9" or "robot monster" would be a crime to those films. films like that you can actually watch and get a kick out of. but this film is so bad, so poorly made, acted and scripted and so incredible stale, that there just isn't even a trace of "camp" or "schlock" to be found.even though this was made before saturday night live premiered, comparisons were probably inevitable. i'm not a big fan of snl, but this film is worse than the worst snl skit you can find. and man, that's bad. just to keep the men viewers from leaving, shapiro throws in a pair of breasts every so often, but poorly-filmed breasts from 1974 aren't going to excite anyone these days. truthfully this film is so poorly made and is such a sleep-inducing excursion, i doubt if they excited anyone in 1974 either.a man named ken shapiro made this film. i swear to god, any ten-year old with a video camera could have made something funnier and more clever. it's just downright unreal - this is truly an unbelievable film. the "jokes" and "gags" are so infantile that even little boys who like to sneak dad's porno mags out at night won't laugh.i will give this film one thing - the very last sequence, the "dancing man" sequence, where a guy (shapiro) on the streets of nyc dances to a tune, is easily the best thing in this horrible film. not that the "dancing man" sequence is that great either - it definitely has its moments of not being clever as shapiro desperately tries to fill in the time for the entire song - but it actually was somewhat watchable. the part of this sequence where the cop starts dancing with the man is the one sole trace of cleverness in the entire film. no wonder shapiro put this sequence last - again, while not so great itself, it easily beats anything else in this "film."otherwise, this film is such a complete piece of crap, it's unfathomable as to how an actual human being can be so downright cleverless. the name of this film should have been "ken shapiro's craparama." it's amazing that this was made, but many truly talented filmmakers can't get in. however, i will say that i bet the geniuses at nyu would love this movie. total garbage.

this movie was a rather odd viewing experience. the movie is obviously based on a play. now i'm sure that everything in this movie works out just fine in a play but for in a movie it just doesn't feel terribly interesting enough to watch. the movie is way too 'stagey' and they didn't even bothered to change some of the dialog to make it more fitting for a movie. instead what is presented now is an almost literally re-filming of a stage-play, with over-the-top characters and staged dialog. because of all this the storyline really doesn't work out and the movie becomes an almost complete bore- and obsolete viewing experience.it takes a while before you figure out that this is a comedy you're watching. at first you think its a drama you're watching, with quirky characters in it but as the movie progresses you'll notice that the movie is more a tragicomedy, that leans really more toward the comedy genre, rather than the drama genre.the characters and dialog are really the things that make this movie a quirky and over-the-top one that at times really become unwatchable. sure, the actors are great; peter o'toole and susannah york, amongst others but they don't really uplift the movie to a level of 'watchable enough'.the story feels totally disorientated. basicaly the story is about nothing and just mainly focuses on the brother/sister characters played by peter o'toole and susannah york. but what exactly is the story even about? the movie feels like a pointless and obsolete one that has very little to offer. like i said before; i'm sure the story is good and interesting to watch on stage but as a movie it really isn't fitting and simply doesn't work out.the editing is simply dreadful and times and it becomes even laughable bad in certain sequences. more was to expect from director j. lee thompson, who has obviously done far better movies than this rather failed, stage-play translated to screen, project.really not worth your time.4/10

contains spoilers. the british director j. lee thompson made some excellent films, notably 'ice cold in alex' and 'cape fear', but 'country dance' is one of his more curious offerings. the story is set among the upper classes of rural scotland, and details the strange triangular relationship between sir charles ferguson, an eccentric aristocratic landowner, his sister hilary, and hilary's estranged husband douglas, who is hoping for a reconciliation with her. we learn that during his career as an army officer, charles was regarded as having 'low moral fibre'. this appears to have been an accurate diagnosis of his condition; throughout the film he displays an attitude of gloomy disillusionment with the world, and his main sources of emotional support seem to be hilary and his whisky bottle. the film ends with his committal to an upper-class lunatic asylum. peter o'toole was, when he was at his best as in 'lawrence of arabia', one of britain's leading actors, but the quality of his work was very uneven, and 'country dance' is not one of his better films. he overacts frantically, making charles into a caricature of the useless inbred aristocrat, as though he were auditioning for a part in the monty python 'upper-class twit of the year' sketch. susannah york as hilary and michael craig as douglas are rather better, but there is no really outstanding acting performance in the film. there is also little in the way of coherent plot, beyond the tale of charles's inexorable downward slide.the main problem with the film, however, is neither the acting nor the plot, but rather that of the theme that dare not speak its name. there are half-hearted hints of an incestuous relationship between charles and hilary, or at least of an incestuous attraction towards her on his part, and that his dislike of douglas is motivated by sexual jealousy. unfortunately, even in the swinging sixties and early seventies (the date of the film is variously given as either 1969 or 1970) there was a limit to what the british board of film censors was willing to allow, and a film with an explicitly incestuous theme was definitely off-limits. (the american title for the film was 'brotherly love', but this was not used in britain; was it too suggestive for the liking of the bbfc?) these hints are therefore never developed and we never get to see what motivates charles or what has caused his moral collapse, resulting in a hollow film with a hole at its centre. 4/10

to die for (1989) was just another d.t.v. feature that made an appearance on cable ad nasuem during the early nineties. the only thing notable about this feature was the last movie duane jones appeared in. other than that there's no reason to watch this vampire flick unless you like pseudo chick flicks masquerading as a horror film. a tired vampire longs for love and searches the back streets of l.a. looking for it. will he succeed or will vlad just strike out again like he has for the last century?this movie must have been big because a couple of sequels soon followed. they're so bad they make this one look like a classic. i know this is a movie about vampires but the film makers could have used to lighting.not recommended by me because i didn't like it.'nuff said?

having read another review, i thought this movie would actually be good. i do enjoy the "b" movies, but this couldn't even be classed as such. the photography is probably the only half-way decent thing in the movie. but the editing left much to be desired. it was very choppy and staccato. whoever chose the music and sound did a terrible job. the music was awful, specially anything atmospheric or scene setting. if the acting had been better, they could have pulled the movie off. unfortunately, i've seen better acting in porn flicks. if you want to see a "b" vampire movie, check out 'blood ties'. you'll be much more entertained.

i usually enjoy loretta young's early movies: her acting back then was light and breezy, and she sure knew how to wear clothes. but this one is just a loser from the word go except for a funny supporting turn by glenda farrell. young is a hatcheck girl who talks her writer-husband (paul lukas) into becoming a championship bridge player. it's not the most cinematic of games, and the long, talky middle part in which their marriage falls apart just about kills the film.there's one interesting bit though. as lukas and ferdinand gottschalk start their climactic game, a series of quick shots show airplanes, trains, football games, even a diver in mid-air, freezing in anticipation of the event. it's the earliest use of a freeze frame i've seen in an american film. wish the rest of it were that inventive-and funny.

this film breeches the fine line between satire and silliness. while a bridge system that has no rules may promote marital harmony, it certainly can't promote winning bridge, so the satire didn't work for me. but there were some items i found enjoyable anyway, especially with the big bridge match between paul lukas and ferdinand gottschalk near the end of the film. it is treated like very much like a championship boxing match. not only is the arena for the contest roped off in a square area like a boxing ring, there is a referee hovering between the contestants, and radio broadcaster roscoe karns delivers nonstop chatter on the happenings. at one point he even enumerates "one... two... three... four..." as though a bid of four diamonds was a knockdown event. and people were glued to their radios for it all, a common event for championship boxing matches. that spoof worked very well indeed.unfortunately, few of the actors provide the comedy needed to sustain the intended satire. paul lukas doesn't have much of a flair for comedy and is miscast; lovely loretta young and the usual comic frank mchugh weren't given good enough lines; glenda farrell has a nice comic turn as a forgetful blonde at the start of the film, but she practically disappears thereafter. what a waste of talent!

i read tom robbins' even cowgirls get the blues as a teenager. i loved every word. it was sexy, funny, and full of glamorous scenery and beautiful writing. but when i saw the movie, i could not believe what a dull, sour, joyless piece of junk it was. how did this happen? i think someone in hollywood read this book and filed it under "gay pride -- women -- lesbians." (that's the library of congress subject heading.) now anyone over 12 who reads the book will know it has nothing to do with real lesbians, any more than star wars is about real space travel. the book was obviously -- and i do mean obviously --written by a heterosexual male who loves the idea of lesbians (in the nude, all the time)but has never really met one.still, someone in hollywood said, "uh oh, better give this to a gay director or gay people will make trouble." so they handed it to gus van sant. nothing against the man, but -- however gay he may really be -- he has not a clue as to how to make a funny film. gus van sant took a straight man's playful fantasy of guilt-free girl/girl action and male voyeurism turned it into a dull, literal-minded lesbian power recruiting poster. it's like turning an oscar wilde comedy into an arthur miller tragedy. not pretty.the main clue that gus van sant had absolutely no idea what to do with the source material is the riotously bad casting. his clout allowed him to hire the very best. his ignorance of the novel's real subtext (a straight man's fantasy, not a gay pride recruiting poster)caused him to make choices that were not only bad, but bizarre.let's meet the cast of even cowgirls get the blues.pat morita as "the chink" okay, there are few name-recognition asian actors. and pat morita, in happy days, was fairly funny. but casting him as the chink was wrong, wrong, wrong. pat morita has no idea that the chink is a very funny man. (gus didn't tell him.) pat also doesn't seem to know that the chink is . . . well, sexy!!! in the book he's not wise old mr. miyagi. he's more like hugh hefner! he's a randy old goat and he knows a lot about pleasing the nubile and responsive sissy and bonanza jellybean. (you see, in the book, they aren't really lesbians. do you get that this is a straight man's fantasy yet?) john hurt as "the countess." okay, he's a gay friendly man. but he is a serious, shakespearean actor!!!! you need someone who is fun, and camp, for this role. for john hurt to be cast as a goofy guy like the countess is tragic and sad. i kept expecting paul scofield to wander in all dressed up as thomas more, and sadly shake his head. "now, richard, you know you've lost your soul entirely. for shame, my former student!" and yes, john hurt was funny (and pretty gay) as caligula. but that was black humor, not playful and breezy humor like the book.rain phoenix as "bonanza jellybean." no talent, no training, no problem. except that in the book bonanza is funny, playful, cheerful, (mostly) heterosexual, and loving. in the movie she's sullen, passive, expressionless, and dull. as for her taste for women, robbins in the book puts it like this. "god knows i love women, but nothing can take the place of a man that fits." uh, gus? did you read this book? uma thurman as "sissy hankshaw." this is a tough role. in the book sissy really is an unusually passive and timid heroine. still, a more accomplished actress might have manufactured a twinkle in her eye, or a sway in her walk, to imply some sort of hidden strength or hidden enjoyment of her adventures. uma doesn't pull it off, probably because gus never told her sissy is supposed to enjoy being a hitch hiker with a beautiful body and giant thumbs. uma plays it more like she's in a tv movie about a girl dying of leukemia. this movie is sour and dull. and i accuse you, gus van sant!

this is listed as a documentary, it's not, it's filmed sort of like a documentary but that i suspect was just because then they get away with a shaky camera and dodgy filming. this has just been released in the uk on dvd as an "american pie style comedy" it's not that either.basically it follows around a group of teens on spring break as they go to mexico for cheap booze and with the quest being to get there virgin friend finally laid. throw is a couple of dwarfs, also on the same sort of quest and you have a non-hilarious tale of drunk teens trying to get some girls.considering the 18 rating this has very little nudity, and practically zero sex scenes, mainly i guess the rating is for swearing of which there is plenty.if you like crude jackass behaviour without the humour, then this may be your thing, if you have any brain cells left then i would probably avoid this!

bad. bad. bad. bad. bad. what else can i say. kate jackson must have been desperate to direct. may be she should go back to acting...on second thought she was a bad actress to. who would put money in to producing something this bad. i like anti-christ movies and usually have a good laugh and the odd scare but this one is just bad bad bad. the acting by the stars was worse than what you find on a soap opera. the special effects, if you can call them that, where laughable. i would not be surprised if you played the scenes in slow motion you would see the tubes the blood shoots out of. we had to turn the disc off after only 30 minutes. this so called movies original prints should be destroyed, all disc' and tapes destroyed and all the people associated with the making of the movie have to pay back money to the people that rented the movie. then those people should never be allowed to act, direct or film any thing but their own home movies.

honestly i am not even joking when i say that this is one of the worst movies i have ever seen! this film dosen't have a single ounce of originality in its flimsy dialog or its blatantly plagiarized story line. i can not even begin to count the number of things in this film that are obviously ripped off from "the omen" and other movies like it. for example the nanny "lucy" in this film is actually one of the devil's minions sent to guide and protect the spawn of satan.....does this sound a lot like mrs. baylock to anyone else. another thing is that the orphanage were they first got the child burned to the ground just a few months after he was adopted, just like in "the omen". however luckily one priest survived the blaze and escaped with sever burns all over his body....yet another coincidence?????? and to top it all off the burned priest is staying in a hospital room with pictures of jesus all over the walls, much like the priest in "the omen" having pages of the bible plastered on the walls like wall-paper. please don't even get me started drawing comparisons between the ending of this movie and "the omen" for you because as i've stated above there are far too many to mention here.

this movie is quite possibly one of the most horrible horror flicks i've seen. the length wasn't nearly long enough to include a good storyline. also, the way the foster parents died was just plain ridiculous. the mother suddenly dies from falling through a shower after tripping over an action figure, and the dad is shot by a police officer? i can see where some originality might have been what they were going for, but it could have been better. also, the cheesiness of it all made me want to press stop before it was over. after hearing all of lucy's name and figuring out it was 'lucifer', i wanted to gag. yes, it's interesting that lucifer was a woman, but look at the name. it's a male's name. it should be given to a male character. all in all, the movie was a bore, and could have used a better plot.

well, it's all been said about this movie and i hate it when writing reviews where everyone else already said what's to be said. but the thing is, i have seen zillions of movies and i am working on writing reviews on all the movies that i've seen. so, i have to write something.the acting is stupid. it's truly stupid how the news anchor expresses her sadness towards the plane crash. the nun is nice though and the professional assistant who comes to take care of the child. the three main killings in the movie are just so weak that you wonder how stupid can the makers of this movie be. don't they realize that even rip-offs can still be scary. we don't see how the granpa is killed. the dentist and his assistant made me feel they deserve to die, you just don't sympathize with them. and uncle tony in the garage dies in a way that could have been worked better. we just hear him scream and we see nothing!

this movie provided nothing new or worthwhile. after seeing it, my wife and i both agreed that the studio simply churned this out and could have cared less if it was entertaining. this is a good example of a "concept only" film--they have a concept about a film and the other details are unimportant because execs know it will make $$ just based on the initial concept.the movie starts with cruella getting out of prison and going on parole. she no longer hates puppies but has been programmed to adore them--she simply couldn't hurt a flea. this doesn't last too long after her release and she's back to her old ways. period.the most annoying aspects of the movie were the supporting characters. eric idle as the voice of waddlesworth the bird made me hate him--and that is tough considering i am a die-hard python fan. it was obvious he did this because they gave him lots of money (there can't be any other reason). cruella's low self-esteem servant, tim mcinnerny, was funny in the black adder shows but here he is totally wasted and unfunny. and it must have cost a few bucks to get gérard depardieu but he was utterly wasted as well. there were some other supporting actors as well but given how poorly written the characters were, i am trying to block them out of my mind.overall, you'd be better just to let your kids watch television than bother letting them see this drivel.

102 dalmatians [walt disney]: i wasn't a fan of the previous installment and this effort has all the weaknesses of the first, a silly padded storyline, terrible over acting by glenn close, who hams up every scene as though she's playing for her own amusement, and incredibly borring and uninteresting lead actors. once more the dogs are the only "actors" that seem "real" and thats a stretch. another wasted effort here. grade: d

conventional wisdom is that a sequel is seldom as good as the original movie. there are occasional exceptions, but this is not one of them. disney should have quit while they were ahead. this was a real disappointment after a reasonably entertaining 101 dalmatians.

after a day at work, i sat down to relax and turned on the movie channels. the movie came up on the guide and sounded interesting so i tuned in just before it started. the first 30 minutes were enough to make me interested, but the lack of acting ability in jamie foxx and the slow plot movement made me want to get up and find food during the movie. if there is any credit to be given for acting in this movie it should go to david morse who at least tries to make the movie interesting. all in all, don't plan on impressing your friends by picking this one as a renter for a movie night.

...that jamie foxx would ever deliver such a wonderful, oscar-winning performance. one of the reasons why i was so impressed with foxx's performance in "ray" was because from watching his hammy, obnoxious acting in movies like "bait" and "booty call," i would never imagine he would ever hold the oscar. if people told me five years ago that jamie foxx was one day going to win an oscar, i would laugh right in their faces. who knows? maybe he's better off sticking to drama, because if you watch "bait," it's clearly evident that comedy is not his forte. i swear, jamie mugs so much in this movie that i'm surprised his face didn't fall off. and why does he have to do those stupid voices at every chance he gets? anyone familiar with comedians like bob newhart and steven wright knows that doing comedy doesn't require being loud and obnoxious. if a joke is funny, it's funny. if it's not funny, then doing some crazy accent is not going to make it any funnier. the problem i have with some comedians who decide to try acting is that they favor getting laughs over being in character. in real life, normal people don't always have witty comebacks and quips. like albert brooks said in an interview discussing his character in "taxi driver," it's important to be funny as your character, rather than be funny as a comedian. a prime example of jamie violating that rule is the nauseatingly awful scene where his mug shots are being taken, and he starts posing for the photographs like a model. if a regular person were being thrown in jail, would he really be acting goofy while having his mug shots taken? and wouldn't the police try to scold him if he was? there are many scenes like that throughout the film. another awful sequence is one where jamie is on the unwittingly on the phone with the villain, and he starts doing a phony caribbean accent. not funny! not to mention jamie never seems to acknowledge the timing of a joke. giving a comedic performance requires patience, whereas he goes straight to the punchline, whether it's the right time for it or not. i'm not even a big mike epps fan, but even his performance is good in comparison to jamie's. as a matter of fact, this is the first time i felt somewhat relieved whenever he would appear on screen. epps has the same flaws when it comes to comedy, but at least he chooses a more low-key approach. one of the few bright spots in this clunker of a comedy is david morse, a highly underrated actor mostly known for his supporting roles as villains. he seems to be the only actor in the film concerned with grounding it in reality. however, fellow "green mile" star doug hutchison is disgustingly over-the-top as the villain. a big surprise, considering he gave a superb performance in "the green mile," also playing a heavy. antoine fuqua has proved his directing chops in movies like "the replacement killers" and "training day." even in "bait," he shows he can direct a hell of an action sequence. his only problem seemed to be in disciplining jamie foxx, who probably improvised half the script with one bad joke after another. unless you're a die-hard fan of foxx, please don't take the bait.

the plot of this terrible film is so convoluted i've put the spoiler warning up because i'm unsure if i'm giving anything away. the audience first sees some man in jack the ripper garb murder an old man in an alley a hundred years ago. then we're up to modern day and a young australian couple is looking for a house. we're given an unbelievably long tour of this house and the husband sees a figure in an old mirror. some 105 year old woman lived there. there are also large iron panels covering a wall in the den. an old fashioned straight-razor falls out when they're renovating and the husband keeps it. i guess he becomes possessed by the razor because he starts having weird dreams. oh yeah, the couple is unable to have a baby because the husband is firing blanks. some mold seems to be climbing up the wall after the couple removes the iron panels and the mold has the shape of a person. late in the story there is a plot about a large cache of money & the husband murders the body guard & a co-worker and steals the money. his wife is suddenly pregnant. what the hell is going on?? who knows?? nothing is explained. was the 105 year old woman the child of the serial killer? the baby sister? why were iron panels put on the wall? how would that keep the serial killer contained in the cellar? was he locked down there by his family & starved to death or just concealed? who is mr. hobbs and why is he so desperate to get the iron panels?? he's never seen again. why was the serial killer killing people? we only see the one old man murdered. was there a pattern or motive or something?? why does the wife suddenly become pregnant? is it the demon spawn of the serial killer? has he managed to infiltrate the husband's semen? and why, if the husband was able to subdue and murder a huge, burly security guard, is he unable to overpower his wife? and just how powerful is the voltage system in australia that it would knock him across the room simply cutting a light wire? and why does the wife stay in the house? is she now possessed by the serial killer? is the baby going to be the killer reincarnated? this movie was such a frustrating experience i wanted to call my pbs station and ask for my money back! the only enjoyable aspect of this story was seeing the husband running around in just his boxer shorts for a lot of the time, but even that couldn't redeem this muddled, incoherent mess.

you'd better choose paul verhoeven's even if you have watched it.

the episodic version of robert heinlein's starship troopers plays out at a deathly slow pace, following johnny rico leaving his parents, the (not very attractive) girl he lusts for, and joining the mobile infantry. the aliens in the show are nothing like the barbaric bugs from the film, instead being squid-like monsters that shoot lasers out of their mouths.throughout watching this version, i was continually amazed at just how fruity they've managed to make the whole thing. the show is concerned mostly with the relationships between the recruits, and the aching, prolonged gazes they give each other through their battle armour visors, with 80s synth pop sometimes arriving *during* the sparse battle sequences which at last turning up in the final few episodes. in terms of construction, it owes a debt to top gun, sharing much in terms of pacing and content (and all that implies).

1 how is it that everyone can understand each other perfectly without devices like universal translators or translator microbes? did the creators of this show realize that people who were taken from different parts of the earth, in different time frames (attilla the hun wasn't a contemporary of preliterate hellenic cultures, nor were the vikings contemporary to the pyramid builders) speak different languages and can never develop a language so similar to modern day english(except for the inflections they "do not" use), which has been influenced by latin, ancient greek, danish and french? 2 cultural differences can't be overcome so easily, trust has to be won, yet everywhere the team arrives they are welcomed without any suspicion and start ordering people around like they are their appointed leaders. of course real fans would comment that they are perceived as gods. the people they meet should be shocked by their technology and accuse them of witchcraft and the like.3 historical background: none. visually it might vaguely remind you of greek or viking culture, but anyone can dress in a bunch of tablecloths or run to a local costume rental for a plastic helmet with horns and claim to look the part. a small-town theater group probably has better props.4 boring! another lame canuck production, which inexplicably ran for ten long years. as a kids show it could make the grade, but anyone who has a little knowledge about human behavior and language couldn't bear to even watch the first twelve episodes of season 1, like i just did. i very much wanted to believe i had found a decent sci-fi show, otherwise i would shut it of and cleansed my computer of this refuge after the first five minutes!

having seen the first ten episodes, i must say this show sucks. what bothers me the most, is that the show was shot in canada. i know it's cheaper, but they should have shot it in california, so we could have had scenes in the desert. that would have been more true to the movie. the first scene where they are outside in another world is in the mountains, with lots of pinetrees where it looks cold. that does'nt feel very egyptian. what worked so well in the movie was that it felt like you were in the ancient egypt. here it feels like they're running around fighting aliens in a canadian forrest. and it's so lame that appaerantly, on other planets, the fall comes as well. you can see leaves on the ground in the forrests that all look like forrests outside vancouver. it just makes the show even more unbelievable and dumb. and then there is richard dean anderson. he is no kurt russel. sure he does a decent job and he tries to copy russels performance a little bit, but he is just not as cool as russel. and not nearly as good an actor as russel. and russells way of playing o neill, well he was much more cynical. andersons o neil, is way too soft. i liked it that russels version just did'nt give a s*** and had no trouble detonating the bomb until the very end of the movie. michael shanks does a really good job as jackson though taking over from james spader.teal'c is a really annoying character. he is jaffa. not a jaffa. just jaffa. aaaarrgh!! a former bodyguard of a pathetic ra character, seen only in the pilot and in one other episode so far. teal'c speaks talks and acts like a robot. i've seen better acting from jean claude van damme.and the fact that teal'c and the ra character and the people they saved in the movie, can speak english all of a sudden is also incredibly dumb. what made the aliens so scary in the movie was that they spoke an ancient language and were real monsters. as for the special effects, they are really good in the pilot. but the very rare effects in the actual show are badly done and looks cheap. especially a planet they visit with crystals. it's so obvious they walk around on a soundstage with a badly made painting in the background. it's an insult to us viewers that they made it look so cheap. especially when they could have made it in front of a bluescreen with cgi backgrounds. the x-files had better effects when they aired their first episodes in 1993. that was 4 years before sg-1 started. and they did'nt have the apparent two million dollar budget per episode, that sg-1 supposedly had. they must have spend all the money on catering. because i don't see it on the screen. incredibly boring and pointless show, that could have been great if they had shot the show in hollywood with a bigger budget and better writers and better characters.

terrible movie. nuff said.these lines are just filler. the movie was bad. why i have to expand on that i don't know. this is already a waste of my time. i just wanted to warn others. avoid this movie. the acting sucks and the writing is just moronic. bad in every way. the only nice thing about the movie are deniz akkaya's breasts. even that was ruined though by a terrible and unneeded rape scene. the movie is a poorly contrived and totally unbelievable piece of garbage.ok now i am just going to rag on imdb for this stupid rule of 10 lines of text minimum. first i waste my time watching this offal. then feeling compelled to warn others i create an account with imdb only to discover that i have to write a friggen essay on the film just to express how bad i think it is. totally unnecessary.

im watching it now on pink (serbia tv station) and i must say this is a crap. shallow, no acting, effects too sloppy i mean, who made this series?this was a stupid attempt of the studios to make some more money on the success of the film. ok. the film was great in 1994 when it came out. but the series?some times you can see how idiotic the lines are in the speech of the characters. i mean, did they actually pay someone to write that, was that someones relative at the studio? this is no scifi.the film was the bomb, the series suck.

the 60s (1999) d: mark piznarski. josh hamilton, julia stiles, jerry o'connell, jeremy sisto, jordana brewster, leonard roberts, bill smitrovich, annie corley, charles s. dutton. nbc mini-series (later released to video/dvd as full length feature film) about the treacherous 1960s, as seen through the eyes of both a white family and a black family. the film's first half is driven by the excellent performance of dutton as reverend willie taylor and evenly spreads the storyline between the families. however, dutton's character is killed halfway through and the black family is completely forgotten in a dull, incoherent, and downright awful 2nd half. rating: 4 out of 10. not rated (later rated pg-13 for video/dvd release).

the 1960's were a time of change and awakening for most people. social upheaval and unrest were commonplace as people spoke-out about their views. racial tensions, politics, the vietnam war, sexual promiscuity, and drug use were all part of the daily fabric, and the daily news. this film attempted to encapsulate these historical aspects into an entertaining movie, and largely succeeded.in this film, two families are followed: one white, one black. during the first half of the film, the story follows each family on a equal basis through social and family struggles. unfortunately, the second half of the movie is nearly dedicated to the white family. admittedly, there are more characters in this family, and the story lines are intermingled, but equal consideration is not given to the racial aspects of this century.on the whole, the acting is well done and historical footage is mixed with color and black and white original footage to give a documentary feel to the movie. the movie is a work of fiction, but clips of well-known historical figures are used to set the time-line.i enjoyed the movie but the situations were predictable and the storyline was one-sided.

is there any other time period that has been so exhaustively covered by television (or the media in general) as the 1960s? no. and do we really need yet another trip through that turbulent time? not really. but if we must have one, does it have to be as shallow as "the '60s"? i like to think that co-writers bill couturie and robert greenfield had more in mind for this two-part miniseries than what ultimately resulted, especially given couturie's involvement in the superb hbo movie "dear america: letters home from vietnam" which utilized little original music and no original footage, letting the sights and sounds of the time speak for themselves. this presentation intercuts file footage with the dramatic production, but it doesn't do anyone any favours by trying to do too much in too little time; like so many of its ilk, it's seen from the point of view of one family. but the children of the family seem to be involved tangentially with almost every major event of the '60s (it's amazing that one of them doesn't go to the rolling stones gig at altamont), making it seem less like a period drama and more like a cliff notes version of the decade.the makers rush through it so much that there's little or no time to give the characters any character, with the stick figures called our protagonists off screen for ages at a time - the children's father is especially clichéd - and then when they're back on blammo! it's something else. garry trudeau could teach the filmmakers a thing or two about doing this kind of thing properly. in fairness, jerry o'connell, jordana brewster, jeremy sisto, julia stiles and charles s. dutton give their material the old college try, but they're wasted (especially the latter two); it's undeniably good to see david alan grier in a rare straight role as activist fred hampton, and rosanna arquette (in an uncredited cameo in part 2) is always welcome.what isn't welcome is how "the '60s" drowns the soundtrack with so many period songs that it ultimately reduces its already minimal effect (and this may well be the only time an american tv presentation about post-60s america never mentions the british invasion - no beatles, no rolling stones... then again, there's only so much tunes you can shoehorn into a soundtrack album, right?). capping its surface-skimming approach to both the time and the plot with an almost out-of-place happy ending, "american dreams" and "the wonder years" did it all much, much better. nothing to see here you can't see elsewhere, people... except for julia stiles doing the twist, that is.

do we really need any more narcissistic garbage on the baby boomer generation? technically, i am a boomer, though at the time when all the "idealistic youths" of the '60s were reading marx, burning their draft cards, and generally prolonging a war which destroyed tens of thousands of lives; i was still in grade school. but i remember them well, and 9 out of 10 were just moronic fools, who would believe anything as long as it was destructive.this is just another excercise in self-importance from the kids who never really grew up.

this film is terrible. you don't really need to read this review further. if you are planning on watching it, suffice to say - don't (unless you are studying how not to make a good movie).the acting is horrendous... serious amateur hour. throughout the movie i thought that it was interesting that they found someone who speaks and looks like michael madsen, only to find out that it is actually him! a new low even for him!!the plot is terrible. people who claim that it is original or good have probably never seen a decent movie before. even by the standard of hollywood action flicks, this is a terrible movie.don't watch it!!! go for a jog instead - at least you won't feel like killing yourself.

i cannot stay indifferent to lars van trier's films. i consider 'breaking the waves' nothing less than a masterpiece. i loved 'dancer in the night'. i admired the idea in 'dogville' but the overall exercise looked to me too dry and too theatrical, less cinema. 'europa' which i see only now was a famous film at its time, succeeded in the us the relative success of an european film and got the oscar for the best foreign language movie, but did not survive well the time in my opinion. it is also a too much explicit and extrovert exercise in cinema art to my taste.the story has a level of ambiguity that cannot escape the viewer. treating the period that immediately followed the second world war not in the black and white colors of victors and vanquished, of executioners and victims but as rather ambiguous times when people of both sides were fighting for survival in the aftermath of a catastrophic event that change the lives of nations and individuals forever is still a source of disputes even today, more such was novel and courageous two decades ago. yet it is the means of expression that really do not appear fit to the task.the film seems to include a lot of quotes descending directly from the films of hitchcock, especially his early films set in the pre-war europe, with brave british spies fighting evil german spies on trains crossing at high speed the continent at dark. the trains were a symbol of the world and its conflicts with all their intensity and dramatism. here the train also becomes the symbol of the first sparkles of the re-birth of germany after war, of its might, of its obsession with order and regulation, of punctuality and civility. the characters that populate the train are far from being the classical spy stories good or bad guys. the principal character a young american of german origin coming to post-war europe willing to be part of a process of help and reconciliation finds himself in an ambiguous world of destruction and corruption, with liberators looking more like oppressive occupiers, with the vanquished not resigned to their fate but rather willing to continue on the path of self-destruction, with love doubtfully mixed with treason.it is yet this classical film treatment that betrays the director in this case. the actions of the characters, especially of leopold kessler played by jean-marc barr seem confused, and lack credibility. the overall cinematography seems to be not hitchcock-like but rather from a bad imitation of hitchcock in the late 30s. the usage of color over the black-and-white film used in the majority of the time in moments of emotional intensity is also too demonstrative. it is not that van trier does not master his artistic means, but he is too demonstrative, he seems to try too hard to show what a great filmmaker he is. he really is great, as he will show in some of his later films, but it will be left to the viewers to decide this alone.

i thought that zombie flesh eaters 2 was quite a good horror film when a terrorist's body, infected with a stolen chemical, is recovered by the us military, the corpse is then cremated, releasing the virus into the atmosphere over a small island. soon the infected locals turn into flesh-hungry zombies, and a group of soldiers on leave must team up with a group of tourists and board themselves up in a abandoned hotel as they try to fight off the aggressive living dead. i did not find this film to be as good as the original film, zombie flesh eaters. but it was still an ok horror film with some good action. i did not think that it was one of the best in the series. 4/10

i've now seen this film twice, and i must say i enjoyed it both times. it's fast paced and fun, but ultimately daft. having said that it deserves to be trashed because of screwing up what could have been a good follow up to the seminal original. it is clear for those who have seen the awful 'zombie creeping flesh' that the films massive shortcomings can be owed to bruno mattei, and that the little that is commendable about it can be owed to fulci. this is not idle fulci sycophancy, the directors styles are starkly contrasted throughout, and you can tell who directed what, particularly in mattei's case.the film is centered around the outbreak of a virus (oddly referred to as 'top secret' by a scientist, it's secrecy apparently being more noteworthy than its potentially apocalyptic effect on mankind) somewhere in south east asia. the virus causes zombie like behaviour in those affected, and the virus quickly spreads across a seemingly arbitrary area of land. our protagonists unwittingly wander into the danger zone, and have to fight for their lives against hordes of infected asians.the film seems to be stuck half way between being a zombie gore flick, and an out and out action adventure, and this confusion is captured most clearly by the zombies themselves. they do not appear to have a set of characteristics common to all. some are of the regular soulless shuffling variety, so well rendered in the original, and probably fulci's creation here. the other main group consist of those who in being infected with the virus lost all sense of themselves, but incurred a savage aggression and a desire to earn a black belt in ninjitsu: indecisively leaping around unsure of whether to continue honing their upper roundhouse technique or engage with their brethren in what looks like a mass tickle fest on their hapless victims. martial arts skills aren't their only talents either, they are well versed in guerilla tactics, hiding on rafters and under bales of hay, and sometimes inexplicably falling from nowhere but the heavens themselves. this is all definitely the work of mattei.there is a third, more chatty, variety of zombie. this type apparently retain a sense of irony as well 'i'm really thirsty...for your blood'. the ridiculous twist at the end in which the dj turns zombie but continues to preach ad libbed gibberish about the fate of mankind, only serves to enhance the wtf factor and obliterate any hope of a serious resolution.then there's the infamous zombie head which slowly propels itself through the air, a jokerish skeletal grin wrought across its face, as if to say 'yeah we know how bad this looks'.the characters are all utterly one dimensional as you would expect. but its the pseudo comical dialogue and dubbing that really prevents us from taking their plight seriously. having said that the first soldier to die does put up an impressively valiant display against an unstoppable zombie menace. indeed this is the first and perhaps only time we hit real zombie agro, and one of the only effective scenes in the film.the guy who played the chief scientist has heart, but no talent, utilising pauses in his lines entirely at random, so he ends up sounding like a confused asthmatic. the scientists' on screen attempts at finding an antidote are totally unconvincing 'now lets put these two molecules together!' there are a few moments that stick out as genuinely effective however. in an early scene a female protagonist explores an abandoned garage. upon entering a room we are confronted with a hazy view of a shifting figure in the corner and a squirming mass on the floor, all shot in an atmospheric diffused light. the silence is interrupted by the appearance of a speedy machete wielding zombie who trashes everything in his wake in his alarming desperation to have her. his sheer aggressiveness is one of the few moments of real horror in the film. the before and after theme conveyed through the hotel that plays host to the happenings of the earliest stage of the outbreak, and later as a refuge to our protagonists is imbued with an thick humid ambiance. there is a scene in which one of the soldiers cautiously approaches a boarded up room that clearly houses hordes of the undead, and this is quite tense. things become more dramatic when they board themselves in the hotel unknowing to what lurks upstairs. but this is sloppily handled and not nearly as effective as it could have been.all in all i would say this film may just about deserve to be called a royal screw up of a potentially effective tropical zombie fest, rather than simply a through and through bad film. if nothing else it has plenty of the unintentional laughs that i've come to expect from just about anything italian and gory from the eighties.

only on a very rare occasion does an episode of the x-files fail to generate any excitement or does the episode contain anything which is just totally boring to watch.a detective and his former partner both die in unexplained circumstances.the deaths are linked to the presence of a little girl who was there when the deaths took place.mulder has devised a theory that a policeman murdered by his colleagues has come back reincarnated as the little girl and is exacting revenge.now for the bizarre bit.the little girl has no connection at all and seems to just a random person chosen as the reincarnation.i think this was slightly lazy writing by the writers and this episode ranks as one of the worst in x-files history!

born again is a sub-standard episode from season one. it deals with the subject of reincarnation and just doesn't fly. i've never been big on reincarnation and that could be part of my apathy toward this episode. it does reference the tooms case which is some nice continuation from the previous episode. but the positives end there. which is unfortunate because that takes place at the beginning of the episode. i think it's ludicrous that a dead guy would chose to reincarnate in the body of a completely unrelated girl. and he waits until the girl turns eight to start exacting revenge. there's even a serious lack of witty mulder & scully dialogue to keep the episode afloat. if you're into reincarnation, maybe this episode is up your alley. if you're not, then at least you can learn what bradycardia is.

this was filmed back-to-back with the 1992 re-make of conan doyle's famous novel 'the lost world'. and it shows.the film starts promisingly enough, with a ruthless organization intending to exploit the lost world and challenger et al returning to defend the prehistoric plateau, but then things go downhill. everybody is stranded on the plateau and we're left with a feeble, boring, over-length rehash of the first film.the dinosaurs (who are hardly ever seen) are just laughable. are we expected to take that cuddly toy that's supposed to be an ankylosaur seriously? and the tyrannosaur seems rooted to the spot.do yourself a favor and get hold of the 1925 silent version of the lost world. unbelievably in this age of cgi and other advanced effects, the twenties version is the best and will remain so until somebody finally decides to do a decent re-make.

for die-hard judy garland fans only. there are two (2) numbers that are really good -- one where she does a number with an older cleaning lady (you've all seen the pics), and a pretty good number at the very end. there are a couple of scenes where the lines are funny. but, basically, the script is so bad and the movie so dated that it's hard not to cringe at the awfulness throughout. but it's worth the 2.50 to rent the movie -- just be prepared to fast-forward it.

another friday the 13th ripoff, even featuring some of its music! a group of young adults get together for a small high school reunion and start getting slaughtered a la jason voorhees. could it be that nerd they used to torment in school?routine slash-fest is fun for fans of the genre, and contains the usual t&a quota for films if its ilk. the ending is a bit more imaginative than your standard slasher.mpaa: rated for violence/gore, language, sexuality, nudity, and some drug content.

i did not like the idea of the female turtle at all since 1987 we knew the tmnt to be four brothers with their teacher splinter and their enemies and each one of the four brothers are named after the great artists name like leonardo , michelangleo, raphel and donatello so venus here doesn't have any meaning or playing any important part and i believe that the old tmnt series was much more better than that new one which contains venus as a female turtle will not add any action to the story we like the story of the tmnt we knew in 1987 to have new enemies in every part is a good point to have some action but to have a female turtle is a very weak point to have some action, we wish to see more new of tmnt series but just as the same characters we knew in 1987 without that female turtle.

the school nerd marty (simon scuddamore) is sexually humiliated by a bunch of classmates and then is in a lab explosion (set by them also) where his face is scarred by acid. years later all the jerks get invited back to the high school (since closed) for a reunion. what they didn't know is that marty is inviting them back to kill them. then a storm starts, they're locked in the school and marty starts to take revenge.pretty silly. the murders are inventive and gory and there are some creepy atmospheric shots of the deserted school--but that's about it. the humiliations inflicted on scuddamore are more than cruel (he's stripped, has his head dunked in a toilet and gets burnt) and are just uncomfortable to watch. considering scuddamore committed suicide shortly after this was released make them almost impossible to view. also this movie goes out of its way to have nudity. there is full frontal of scuddamore (surprising for any movie) but one girl decides to take a bath alone...after they know a killer is wandering around after them! and then there's the couple that has to have sex. this is the type of film where the killer seems to know where everybody is going to be and can teleport himself to them. it ends with a twist which had me groaning and rolling my eyes then another twist which had me wanting to throw something heavy at the tv! the acting is bearable--not good, but bearable. caroline munro is in this too. she's a very beautiful woman but not much of an actress.this gets a 3 for some effectively gory murders and atmosphere. otherwise it's run of the mill and forgettable. scuddamore's tragic suicide has given this film more attention than it deserves.

slaughter high the tale of revenge by a nerdy guy who fell victim to one of the coolest and coldest jokes in cinema history. unfortunately after the promising opening the flick went straight to hell. a very tedious and redundant mess with mediocre slashings and a final half hour that sucked on a whole new level of suckiness. the guy who played the nerd actually killed himself shortly after the flick was released. if you wanna rent the flick stop it after the prank and remember, choose life.

...but i expected better from caroline munro. she's done some good films, and i was hoping this would be just as good. as a matter of fact, she and this other blonde girl character (the girl who got electrocuted i think) were the only two out of the 8-11 actors who could act. this film has the worst acting i've ever seen. almost as bad as 'psycho' (1998). the really dumb part was when the woman was in the shower and marty rigged it to pour battery acid in there. she starts screaming, and her scream is probably the most annoying sound in the whole world. she attempts to get out, but "accidentally" falls back in. i will admit, the violence and story is good, along with harry manfredini's music, but the acting could've been a lot better. there were two other characters, frank and joe. i don't know about you, but they bare a strange resemblance to dan akyroyd. also, when they find that woman's fried corpse in the bathtub, you would think they'd be screaming and barfing. no. caroline munro and the blonde woman are the only ones who react. frank and joe barely show any signs of fear or disgust. i don't know about you, but i know that if i saw a fried skeleton of one of my best friends, i'd puke. also, when joe starts saying stuff like "what happened to marty was an accident, it wasn't our fault." he says it like his nervous or scared but barely shows any facial expressions. then the blonde girl starts crying and says "i'm scared frank!". and she grabs joe. i guess the actress really didn't know which guy was which. the film's ending is the most confusing thing i ever saw. more confusing than the climax of "jaws: the revenge". all the eight friends end up dead, marty kills them all, but then, you see something that looks like him being chased by their rotted corpses, and then it just cuts to marty still in the hospital from the accident, and then when the film ends, marty dresses up as a nurse trying to sedate him, but then we see that marty has gotten into her clothes or somethin like that kills a doctor, and the film ends with marty peeling skin off his face. which leads me to this next question. what was the writer on when he came up with that?!?!?!?! did he actually expect people to understand just what the hell happened?? the ending left me so confused. were the characters still alive? is marty still holding a grudge? did the events we just see not happen yet or not at all? i don't know. overall, this movie was pretty dumb. the acting sucked, the music was okay, the story was pretty decent (except for the ending). basically, this is just one of your average 80s teen slasher flicks. see it only for harry manfredini and caroline munro. 2/10p.s. - simon scuddamore (marty) committed suicide shortly after the film's release from intentional drug abuse. i guess he was the only person who knew this film was what it really was. a pile of sh**

we all know that countless duds have graced the 80s slasher genre and often deserve nothing but our deepest disgust. maybe that's a bit hastey but damn if "slaughter high" wasn't terribly unoriginal, even for a slasher flick. pretty much, the plot involves a kid who experienced a carrie-like shower humiliation in high school and returns to the dilapidated building to seek out revenge on a group of former-bullies who all show up to reminisce. as you'd expect, they are killed off steadily by a masked madman on april 1st by means of electrocution, burning, hanging, and chemically altered beer. i've got a number of problems with the plot details and settings of this movie, but considering the ending, i feel the need to discard my complaints and just say that this is a complete waste of time. ignore any thought of viewing this movie...

what a terrible movie. the acting was bad, the pacing was bad, the cinematography was bad, the directing was bad, the "special" effects were bad. you expect a certain degree of badness in a slasher, but even the killings were bad.first of all, the past event that set up the motive for the slaughter went on for 15 or 20 minutes. i thought it would never end. they could have removed 80% of it and explained what happened well enough.then, the victims were invited to the "reunion" in an abandoned school which still had all the utilities turned on. one of the victims thought this was a little odd, but they dismissed it and decided to break in anyway.finally, the killings were so fake as to be virtually unwatchable.there is no reason to watch this movie, unless you want to see some breasts, and not very good breasts at that. this movie makes showgirls virtually indistinguishable from citizen kane.

slaughter high is intrinsically your emblematic 80s slasher flick. a prank goes out of hand leaving a geeky guy horribly burnt. a few years later the geeky guy returns and starts killing the people who hurt him. now the story might sound intriguing and very entertaining, but what makes this horrible film so different from the rest of the 80s slasher flicks is that it has some humorless flaws and continuation errors.the acting is horrendous, however, actually not as bad as one would suspect. though it doesn't help that every character in the film are so grody and unlikable. the lead, carol manning (caroline munro) is the easily the biggest tormentor of them all and she's the one that we are ostensibly supposed to share compassion and root for. not to mention, the geeky guy is almost too geeky and i think that even stereotypical geeks themselves would be rudely maddened and just downright antagonized by how geeky he his, so when he gets mauled, does anyone really care? there is much unintentional laughter potential. munro's lack of acting talent is quite apparent, which puts her down at the same level as the rest of the awful cast. however, the most amusement is easily when the film poorly attempts to pose munro, who is in her mid 30s at the time, as a teenager amongst a cast of teenagers. and then when it comes to later life and munro is playing around her real age, the rest of the cast do not pass as adults. this all goes well with a theme song that is a hilariously pose of heavy metal thrash accompanied by maniacal laughter and a voice shrieking "i'll get you." with that being said, slaughter high really isn't a very good slasher flick, but it does have a bad cheesy entertainment value to it. perhaps an essential for hardcore slasher fans, but don't expect dilemma, suspense, or any credibility from it. horrible!!!

the movie opens with a flashback to doddsville county high school on april fool's day. a group of students play a prank on class nerd marty. when they are punished for playing said prank, they follow up with a bigger prank which (par for the course in slasher films involving pranks on class nerds) goes ridiculously awry leaving marty simultaneously burned by fire and disfigured by acid for the sake of being thorough. fast forward five years, where we find members of the student body gathering at the now abandoned high school for their five year class reunion. we find out that it is no coincidence that everyone at the reunion belonged to the clique of pranksters from the flashback scene, as all of the attendees are being stalked and killed by a mysterious, jester mask-clad murderer in increasingly complicated and mind-numbingly ludicrous fashions. it doesn't take sherlock holmes to solve the mystery of the killer's identity, as it is revealed to be none other than a scarred marty who has seemingly been using his nerd rage and high intellect to bend the laws of physics and engineering in order to rig the school for his revenge scenario. the film takes a turn for the bizarre as marty finishes exacting his revenge on his former tormentors, only to be haunted by their ghosts. marty is finally pushed fully over the edge and takes his own life. finally, the film explodes in a crescendo of disjointed weirdness as the whole revenge scenario is revealed to be a dream in the first place as marty wakes up in a hospital bed, breaks free of his restraints, stabs a nurse, and finally disfigures his own face.the script is tired and suffers from a terminal case of horror movie logic. the only originality comes from the mind-numbingly convoluted ways that the victims are dispatched. the absurd it-was-all-a-dream ending feels tacked on. it's almost as if someone pointed out the disjointed nature of the film and the writer decided then and there that it was a dream.technically speaking, the film is atrocious. some scenes were filmed so dark that i had to pause the film and play with the color on my television. the acting is sub-par, even for slasher films. i can't help but think that casting was a part of the problem as all of the actors look at least five years older than the characters they portray, which makes the flashback scene even more unintentionally laughable. their lack of commitment to the movie is made obvious as half of them can't bother to keep their accents straight through the movie.all of this being said, if you like bad horror movies, you might like this one, too. it isn't the worst film of the genre, but it's far from the best.

well, on the endless quest for horror, we will come across this film, apparently re-released on dvd recently for some ungodly reason. the transfer is awful and the quality just sucks. i don't think this is due to a bad remaster or anything, i just think the film is poorly done.obviously filmed at an abandoned school with a budget that was no doubt wasted on cheap beer and no talent hacks, "slaughter high" starts out slow and doesn't pick up pace until about an hour in. first, we get to see a 'nerd' as he is picked on by a group of...i actually don't even know what they were supposed to be...jocks? the ringleader, with his ultra hooknose is so ugly he should have definitely been cast as the nerd. then, there is a 'big guy' and a couple of dumb losers and chicks who are supposed to be 'hot' but aren't. it's a mystery why this group of rejects is picking on one of their own, but i guess the viewer is to assume these are 'cool kids' picking on a dweeb. the casting choices are horrendous as most of the high schoolers are played by thirty-somethings. as other reviewers on here have pointed out, the actors (if you can call them that,) are a bunch of brits whose accents slip out numerous times throughout this piece of crap. we are left to assume that this group of 'children' were the only students at this school, as their 'reunion' is only them at the school, which is now shown to be abandoned, is just them.the kills are lame, the gore is not great and the script is like scooby doo with real people; lines like: 'this place gives me the creeps...' and 'someone gimme a beer' are highlights...it's just not good. skip this one unless you are getting wasted with some friends and wanna laugh at a real lame attempt at a slasher. if you wanna see good, get bava's "bay of blood," done 14 years earlier and a heck of a lot better. if you wanna see a good bad slasher, see "just before dawn" or "the burning." 2 out of 10, kids.

a group of people are invited to there high school reunion, but after they arrive they discover it to be a scam by an old classmate they played an almost fatal prank on. now, he seeks to get revenge on all those that hurt him by sealing all the exits and cutting off all telephone lines.dark slasher film with an unexceptional premise. bringing it up a notch are a few good performances, some rather creative death scenes, plenty of excitement & scares, some humor and an original ending.unrated for extreme violence, graphic nudity, sexual situations, profanity and drug use.

that song keeps humming in my head. not the greatest song, but it's the 80's. this movie is about a lead singer who "supposebly" gets killed while being accused of murders as he stalks his girlfriend who sings backup vocals in his band. the lead singer whos name is billy "eye" (yeah, right) is dead after two years and his band comes back for a concert only the backup vocalist is the lead singer this time. billy stalks her and eventually goes around killing all these people and terrifying the girl and makeing people around her think theres something wrong with her and that shes imagining things. she finally decides to go to a cemetary and dig up his grave to see if he's still there. she sees that he's dead but still see's and hears his voice. during the end of the movie we find out the reason behind all of this, billy has a brother named john (right again) and john admits that he was jealous of his brother and that he killed all those people to get back at him and place the blame on his brother and then take his girlfriend and terrorize her because she called him crazy. the ending is very cheezy and the acting is very lame and wooden. but.... i like it anyway. i watch it for the song. i wish i had it.

holy sh*t this was god awful. i sat in the theater for for an hour and ten minutes and i thought i was going to gouge out my eyes much in the manor oedipus rex. dear god. this movie deserves no more credit than anything done by a middle school film buff. please save your money, this movie can offer you nothing. unless you enjoy sideshows and sleeping in movie theaters. you know, h3ll, bring your girlfriend and make things interesting. you will be the only ones there anyway. f@ck this slide show. ye be warned.i recommend not watching this.hello.how are you?i'm pretty good.enjoying this day?i am.this comment was one-hundred times more fun than pretending to watch this daym movie. this is sad.

i was very excited about seeing this film, anticipating a visual excursus on the relation of artistic beauty and nature, containing the kinds of wisdom the likes of "rivers and tides." however, that's not what i received. instead, i get a fairly uninspired film about how human industry is bad for nature. which is clearly a quite unorthodox claim.the photographer seems conflicted about the aesthetic qualities of his images and the supposed "ethical" duty he has to the workers occasionally peopling the images, along the periphery. and frankly, the images were not generally that impressive. and according to this "artist," scale is the basis for what makes something beautiful.in all respects, a stupid film. for people who'd like to feel better about their environmental consciousness ... but not for any one who would like to think about the complexities of the issues surrounding it.

the movie opens up with a long single shot of aisles in factory crammed with workers. my, what we've done to the planet you might think. i hope we get to see other things like this.that's very rare. when you're not looking at a horribly filmed angle of the narrator at a lecture hall, you're watching him set up his camera to take pictures in different locations. it'd be nice if chose areas that were more fitting with his topic but he doesn't. so, then you'll hear some more narration, watch a few pictures go by and watch him set up his camera. why not use the filming camera to show more of the landscapes instead? it really kills any sense of pacing and paints the guy as more of vain jerk.i could read tips on how someone set up their camera, fast forward through this whole movie and waste a lot less time.

beginning with its long opening shot of seemingly endless rows of assembly line workers in a chinese factory, manufactured landscapes attempts to show the devastating impact of industrialization on the natural environment and traditional societies. its droning narrative assumes that industrial development in china and elsewhere is entirely unprecedented, as if there had never been an industrial revolution in europe and america and karl marx had never visited the british museum. that there might be a connection between the present-day asian drive for industrialization and wealth and earlier experiences of starvation and terror is never mentioned.at the same time, there's an effort to present edward burtynsky's photographs of industrial waste as somehow "beautiful". much of the film is a slide show of these images. they are well produced, of museum size, and have apparently appeared in several exhibitions. to me, however, they only demonstrate that almost any photograph can be made to appear beautiful if well presented. industrial waste is still industrial waste. the relationship, if any, between the photographs and the film's spoken message remains unclear.i don't mean to imply that there aren't real and sometimes desperate problems when countries rush to industrialize. manufactured landscapes, however, offers only strange and bitter hopelessness. it's like a two-hour lecture by noam chomsky. maybe it has some value as a demonstration of what's wrong with the american (and canadian) left.

i recently viewed manufactured landscapes at the seattle international film festival. i was drawn to the movie as a photographer because i'm both familiar and a fan of burtynsky's work. while i believe the movie does a good job getting it's message across, i couldn't help but feel that it was made as a complete afterthought to the photographs and subsequent popular book by burtynsky. obviously one reason for this is the extensive use of still photographs featuring zooms and pans across them. while this is a good effect when used economically, i felt like 75% of the movie was just stills from burtynsky's book (which i already own). that's probably an exaggeration, but that's how i felt. if you own the book or are familiar with his work you might be better off skipping this one.

this is a bad movie. not one of the funny bad ones either. this is a lousy bad one. it was actually painful to watch. the direction was awful,with lots of jumping around and the green and yellow hues used throughout the movie makes the characters look sickly. keira knightly was not convincing as a tough chick at all,and i cannot believe lucy liu and mickey rourke signed on for this criminal waste of celluloid. the script was terrible and the acting was like fingernails across a chalkboard. if you haven't seen it,don't. you are not missing anything and will only waste two hours of your life watching this drivel .i have seen bad movies before and even enjoyed them due to their faults. this one is just a waste of time.

i am, as many are, a fan of tony scott films. when this movie came out i had high hopes that it would be like 'man on fire'. to find out that the movie it's the furthest thing from it! the story was treading water from the get go, and the choice of mickey rourke was not such such a good idea. and the whole 'arm'scene was too gratuitous! the movie is centered around kiera kinghtly, and this movie reveals that she'll never become a movie star! the movie brought some of the worst acting ever.i like tony scott's direction 'n all, but this takes the whole friggin cake! sorry ton, 1 out of 10!

now i had the best intentions when watching this one. i like some of tony scott's work, also a friend of mine told me it was a great movie, even though i heard otherwise from other people. but this was simply hopeless. in my humble opinion, tony scott was trying too hard. it was all just too much. allow me to elaborate. miss knightley was overacting, and not in a good way. the people who did perform well, were mickey rourke, edgar ramirez, and christopher walken, but their screen time just wasn't able to save the movie. there were a few scenes that jumped out in their originality, yet somehow it felt like they were written by someone other than the main writer. a certain tune was used around 4 times, which really started to bug after the second time. i'm a firm believer of not using the same tune more than once. also, the editing really went out on this one, as the cutting rate is rather high. oh, and the repetitive echoing of some of keira's lines simply sounded cheesy after hearing it for the second, third, fourth time, and so on. basically, my opinion is that if you want to see an action-flick that is high-paced and "somewhat" funny, and you don't care about everything i mentioned above, you might like it. (on a side note: i'm not a keira knightley fan.)

this is the biggest insult to tmnt ever. fortunantely, officially venus does not exist in canon tmnt. there will never be a female turtle, this took away from the tragic tale of 4 male unique mutants who will never have a family of their own, once gone no more. the biggest mistake was crossing over power rangers to tmnt with a horrible episode; the turtle's voices were wrong and they all acted out of character. they could have done such a better job, better designs and animatronics and no venus. don't bother with this people...it's cringe worthy material. the lip flap was slow and unnatural looking. they totally disrespected shredder. the main baddie, some dragonlord dude was corny. the turtles looked corny with things hanging off their bodies, what's with the thing around raph's thigh? the silly looking sculpted plastrons!? if they looked normal, acted in character and got rid of venus, got rid of the stupid kiddie cartoon sounds...and better writing it could have been good.

hobgoblins....hobgoblins....where do i begin?!?this film gives manos - the hands of fate and future war a run for their money as the worst film ever made. this one is fun to laugh at, where as manos was just painful to watch. hobgoblins will end up in a time capsule somewhere as the perfect movie to describe the term: "80's cheeze". the acting (and i am using this term loosely) is atrocious, the hobgoblins are some of the worst puppets you will ever see, and the garden tool fight has to be seen to be believed. the movie was the perfect vehicle for mst3k, and that version is the only way to watch this mess. this movie gives mike and the bots lots of ammunition to pull some of the funniest one-liners they have ever done. if you try to watch this without the help of mike and the bots.....god help you!!

this rip off of the 1984 hit "gremlins" is quite possibly the biggest train wreck of a movie ever made. even for a 'b' grade movie, all other cheap horror movies on the same platform completely dwarf this movie in terms of plot, acting, and goodness.it begins with a random old security guard and the younger punky security guard whose name is of no importance. why? because a few minutes into the film he walks into the 'forbidden' safe, and is killed whilst living out his fantasy of being a rock star in a cheap pub.this is just an appetizer for the scat-filled main course. the main character, kevin, struggles various times to prove himself as more than a total pussy. perhaps he succeeds within the film, but to the audience he proves himself as nothing more than a bad actor. kevin gets himself a job with the old security guard, and is guided through his security shift in the (wait for it) abandoned studio lot. yes why bother making a set when you can just use the studio itself. back to the film. kevin somehow opens the forbidden safe and releases the hobgoblins. the hobgoblins force people to live out their wildest fantasies and then kill them for some reason. they must be returned before sunrise or else...or else what? exactly.other characters include kevin's 'macho' army friend nick, nick's 'woman' daphne whose character has no more substance than a bitch-slut attitude and prostitute worthy outfits. there is kevin's manipulative and 'reserved' girlfriend amy, whose deepest desire is apparently to be a badly portrayed cher look-alike with fishnet stockings with a pair of blue grandma underpants on top.. don't ask me how that works. quite possibly the most entertaining character of all is kyle. how such groups of friends are made is up for question. kyle is a perverted creep who can't go an hour without self-stimulating. his hobbies include calling up sex-chat lines from other people's houses and most likely sniffing underwear.the story unfolds as the heroes search for the hobgoblins: knee-high creatures (aka. hand puppets) which, for some reason, attempt to travel no further than the borders of the local neighborhood. each of the characters eventually lives out their wildest fantasy which never has anything to do with having millions of dollars... or the film having a big budget.warning spoilers ahead: the twist at the end of this movie will leave the watcher wondering "what?". the hobgoblins are returned to the safe by...their own free will. perhaps they lost patience waiting for sunrise to wreak havoc, or perhaps the story-writers got writer's cramp and decided not to worry about the ending. upon returning to the safe, the old security guard reveals "what he learned in the military" and detonates explosives which destroys the safe, signaling the end of the evil hobgoblins and the end of this roller coaster ride; better fitted to a ride on an escalator.the sheer badness of this film is enough to send someone to tears. if you plan to watch it, i recommend a few alcoholic drinks beforehand to take any serious consideration of the film out of mind.

no matter how you look at this movie, it is just awful.if you view it as a horror, then it is an unscary movie with the monsters being hand puppets.if you look at it as a comedy, then you will notice most of the humor falls flat and is just lame.if it is a romance you will wonder why a guy would stay with such a b**ch!if you look at it as an action you can't really pull for the whiny hero.as you can see this movie just fails to deliver anything remotely entertaining. as mentioned the monsters are obvious puppets and this film was another attempt at a gremlins type movie. this however has the worst looking monsters of that genre. critters looked pretty good, so did the ghoulies, heck even the puppets from the munchies looked better than these. the characters in this film are thouroughly unlikable. the hero is a whiney security guard, his girlfriend is always complaining, they have a tramp friend who has a jerk military boyfriend, and another friend who is a spaz. at one point in the movie the hero and the military guy fight with rakes...this movie is just utterly stupid. i like the scene when they are in the dreaded club scum (which is obviously not a club, but more likely a diner) and the hero tells the waitress that none of them are 21. give me a break, i am 25 and i look younger than any of them.

so there's an old security guard and a guy who dies and then there's kevin, the world's biggest wuss. kevin wants to impress his incredibly insensitive, bratty, and virginal girlfriend amy. as he returns from work to... a random house... he finds his "friends," the sexually confusing red-shorted kyle and the truly revolting sluttish daphne. they are soon joined by daphne's boyfriend, the trigger-happy sex-crazed macho lunkhead nick. and there's the title creatures, horrid little dogeared puppets who kill people by giving them their heart's desire. kyle's heart's desire is to mate with a creepy, yucky woman in spandex. nick's heart's desire is to throw grenades in a grade school cafeteria-- i mean nightclub. kevin's heart's desire is to beat up a skinny thug with nunchucks. amy's heart's desire is to be a disgusting slut. daphne's already a disgusting slut, so she doesn't have a heart's desire. along the way a truly hideous band sings a truly odd song. the hobgoblins randomly go back to where they came from then blow up. "citizen kane" cannot hold a candle to this true masterpiece of american cinema.

i have done quite a few reviews on imdb and this film is unique in that i never saw the entire movie. it was so terribly stupid and unfunny that i just couldn't sit through it--though i tried.the biggest problem with this and any mel brooks movie i call "the mel quotient". in other words, the better his movie, the less of him you see in the film. think about it--the producers and young frankenstein were great films and he was barely in them at all. but, films like life stinks and space balls are chock full of mel and are pretty dopey movies (yes, i did not like space balls--but this isn't the place to talk about that).second, apart from cancer, rectal itch and mental retardation, i can't think of a less funny topic than homelessness. this is just a comedy breaker. think about it, folks. the funniest(?) scene in the movie has mel making whoopee with leslie ann warren in a dumpster!! and this is funny in what way?

i can't believe how anyone can make a comedy about an issue such as homelessness. of course, brooks has not made a comedy about _real_ homeless people. no mention of drugs, prostitution or violence on these streets. the people we meet in this movie are homeless in fantasy land so the only difference between them and us is that they don't eat quite as often. brooks' movies have become worse and worse over the years. this is just another nail in the coffin .

whenever i make up a list of the absolute worst movies i've ever seen, this movie is always on it. it has no redeeming qualities whatsoever. it took an act of will to sit through the whole thing, and i would sooner spill my own blood than have to sit through it again.what's wrong with it? let me tell you the story of my trip to go see it in the theater.i went to a midnight show, on a saturday night. i the only ones in the theater were myself, and a bunch of loud, boisterous, rather unruly teenagers, sitting somewhere behind me. they were obviously out having a good time on a saturday night, and had come to this "comedy" for some laughs. before the movie starts, during the previews, they were laughing and joking and making loud comments having a grand old time. it was borderline annoying; had they continued their unbridled enthusiasm into the actual movie, i might've said something, but i was feeling tolerant and empathetic of their spirited fun, so i let it go. and they did settle down once the movie started.why am i telling you all this? because you can judge this alleged "comedy" by the effect it had not just on myself, but on this rowdy bunch.during the entire run of the film, not one person in the theater laughed. not once. not myself, not the boisterous kids. absolute silence, aside from the soundtrack. and when the film was over and the lights came on, we all, all of us, slowly filed out of the theater in slow, somber, absolute silence. it could've been a funeral.this was the effect that this "comedy" produced. not laughter, not enjoyment, but absolute depression. it was a depressing, depressing movie, and not the tiniest bit funny. preachy, self-indulgent, depressing, but not funny.i consider mel brooks' "blazing saddles" to be on the short list for funniest movie ever. it still absolutely blows my mind that the same gentleman could be responsible for quite probably the least funny movie ever.in short: if you're feeling too happy, give this movie a whirl; otherwise, don't say i didn't warn you.

woody allen made "september", proving that even a genius could screw up. this is mel brook's "september". monumentally stupid, boring, and unfunny, i must confess i did not watch it through to the end. the flick ranks among the dishonored few (e.g., "the money pit", "out to sea", "spitfire grill") which either put me to sleep or forced me to reach for the "rewind" button. and i say this, sadly, as a devoted mel brooks fan. he should stick to straight comedy and leave social commentary alone. how the same fellow that made "young frankenstein" and "spaceballs" could crank out a dog like this is beyond me. to be avoided at all costs.

another chapter in the ongoing question, whatever happened to mel brooks's sense of humor? it starts out nicely enough, with mel as trump-like mogul goddard bolt ("you can call me god"), who accepts a bet that he can't live on the streets for 30 days. but the moment the movie hits the streets, it turns into a pathos-laden mess, with occasional "funny" bits interjected (mel sees a black kid break-dancing for money and tries to do a vaudeville buck-and-wing, yuk, yuk). leslie ann warren is nothing short of wasted. the worst part is this movie's musical number, in which brooks and warren do a silent dance to cole porter's "easy to love." brooks's musical parodies are usually the highlights of his movies; here he plays the whole thing straight, like a dancing excerpt from an aging guest star on "the carol burnett show" (on which rudy deluca, this film's co-writer, began his career). go rent charlie chaplin's the kid, which covered the same ground 70 years before and did a lot

this movie wasn't awful but it wasn't very good. i am a big fan toni collette i think she is a very beautiful and talented actress. the movie starts off about robin williams who is a writer and gets a book from a 14 year old kid. the book is great and he cant't believe a kid wrote it. toni collette plays the kids guardian who you don't know if this kid really exists or if she's making it all up. i am not gonna ruin the movie but i will say this the movie is not scary.the acting is pretty good and toni collette's performance was awesome as well as robin williams. the movie was a huge disappointment in my opinion i would wait for it to come to dvd.

i usually come on this website prior to going to the movies, as i like to see what other people think of the movie. i read many reviews which said 'thriller not a horror movie'. this prompted me to give this film a try. i really must take issue with these 'thriller/horror' statements, as it was neither! i almost went and asked for my money back, and if you lot of reviewers enjoyed this rubbish....well you must be easily pleased! at the end of the movie, the people behind me said out loud "what a waste of time" and i turned to them and replied " i couldn't have summed it up better". i kept waiting for something to happen...but it didn't. there was the potential for a lot of good scares (or thrills if you like) but none happened. williams acted the part quite well but i felt he was short changed by a poor script which dithered around and went nowhere. save your money folks, this is a turkey which will be featuring at a dvd store 'bargain box' near you in the very foreseeable future!

i would have rated this film a minus 10 but sadly it is not offered.why i didn't walk out in the first five minutes of this movie i cannot say. i should have gone with my instinct and left immediately!! several people in our theater did and sadly i didn't follow them out.the story lacked all criteria for a movie. no plot. awful acting! even robin williams was so disappointing that i may never see another film he is in. not a single relationship in the story went beyond parlor talk. i did like the tazer scene. too bad it didn't shock some meat into the senselessness of the plot. someone needs to tazer the writer and director of this film!

let me start out by saying i will try not to put too many spoilers in this. normally i enjoy robin williams movies, however this gem was not one of them. it was billed as a suspenseful thriller. the night listener was anything but. to be blunt there were 6 people in the theater opening day, 2 walked out, for good reason. the movie was in my opinion poorly written and directed. the acting was alright but again there wasn't anything to work with. the movie is about a storyteller who reads a good book by a dying kid. however *insert spooky here* no one can verify the kids existence. so williams goes to wisconsin to try and find the author, however all he gets is a headache and excuses from the boys caretaker. there thats it, thats all. you wait for about an hour and a half and movie ends. it had as many thrills and chills as a dentist office visit. the homosexual undertones, or overtones had really nothing to do with the story, and the movie had a little profanity but it seemed to be thrown in there for absolutely no reason and made little sense. in conclusion i really can't write a decent review on this film because there was nothing to it, it was as captivating as watching paint dry. i gave it a 2 because the acting for what it was worth was alright and it wasn't directed by uwe boll.

this movie is a mess. i'm surprised it even has a theatrical release. without robin williams it would have gone straight to video. it is poorly written. it is poorly directed. it's worse offense is that it has taken an interesting topic and reduced it to a ridiculous and boring thriller that has no thrills and no suspense and no inner or emotional logic.especially after the first half hour the movie dovetails into a series of ridiculous set pieces that are so over the top that the audience i saw it with was laughing at it. save your money. the trailer is totally misleading - it is not suspenseful and there are no thrills - in fact the movie's truly worst offense is that it is simply boring.

trying to compare or represent this "swill" as anything "hitchcockian" is an out-n-out attempt to mislead hitchcock fans to waste $7 on this movie... weak acting weak story weak script. no real suspense, no thrills. you wait all through the weakness of this movie for the big payoff or even any payoff...you're left thinking, what the heck was that all about.and please, enough with the movement to make "alternative lifestyles" hip and politically correct!!...i can't recommend this to anyone...did i mention how weak the acting is? williams did a better job as peter pan and "mork". but those were much more innocent times...........

i rarely write a negative review for this site, but this time felt complied to. night listener is without doubt one of the dullest films i have ever seen.there was nothing happening in this film what so ever - i didn't care for any of the characters, didn't buy in to the whole mystery type plot, didn't care how it ended....nothing.there is no comedy, no action, no thrills, no suspense, nothing. the highlights include (no spoilers - there's nothing to spoil): a man climbing through a window, a dog barking outside a hotel room, a car going over some rough ground and a truck beeping it's horn.i really enjoyed "one hour photo" and hoped for a similar eerie role from williams, but alas was sorely let down. what's more disappointing is that i'm sure there is a good film in there somewhere - the idea was interesting and i should have felt sympathy for the characters, but it just didn't work for me.i might even have given it 1/10 but that score is reserved for the remake of the producers

most of what has been said about the negative aspects of the film hold true.but .... if i have to sit through a movie were the:directordirector of photographyeditorcan't even miss the darn microphone boom popping in and out of the movie for almost every chapter of the movie, how can i enjoy and concentrate on the story as well as believe in the darn thing when i'm reminded of the technicalities of making a movie!!!!!!!wait for the dvd or don't bother

my husband is a huge robin williams fan. i like him too, but have generally found that he should "stick to what he does best" and focus on comedic roles. my thoughts were confirmed with this movie. i was completely bored throughout the entire film. the story was predictable. i realize it was inspired by a true story. but, my guess is that there could have been some suspense or intrigue even while maintaining truth in the story. none of the characters were well developed. there was a side story about the main character and his partner. this relationship could have been explored further. more important, though, would have been a deeper exploration of the mother of the "boy". her psychological profile would have been interesting to delve into. she obviously has a long history that was not touched upon except in the most superficial way. if my husband wasn't such a huge williams fan, we would have left 20 minutes into it. too bad i can't get my $20 or 2 hours back.

i felt that the movie was dry... very disappointing no plot..kept waited for something to happened and nothing did dry as a bone.. a wast of money.. one of robins williams worst films..if you don't believe me wait a few months it will be out on dvd because that seems to be a pattern for movies that don't do well in the theaters are out as rentals before the year is over... this is one you will not want to see or say why did i spend my money on that!. plus for it being such a new movie there were only 8 people in the watching it.... this was on a friday night the 9:50 showing. i also felt that it needed some more excitement or something to keep us awake. when they characters spoke in the movie the voices were also very low you could not hear what they were saying..

robin williams gave a fine performance in the night listener as did the other cast members. however, the movie seems rushed and leaves too many loose ends to be considered a "must see." i think the problem happens because there isn't a strong enough relationship established between the caller and the gabriel noon(i had to spell it this way, because imdb wants to auto correct the right spelling to "no one") character. the movie runs a little over 01:30 and within the first 15 minutes, or so it seems, noon begins his search for pete logande, the boy caller.this happens after he talks to the mysterious caller about 3 or 4 times. the conversations aren't too in-depth mostly consisting of how are you... i'm in the hospital...why did you boyfriend move out... etc. in the book, the kid almost becomes noon's shrink and vice versa and the reader understands why he goes in search of this boy, once he finds out the kid disappears and thinks he might be a hoax.in the movie, noon becomes obsessed with finding logande, but the audience is left to wonder why? since there really isn't a strong enough bond established between noon and the caller, why bother? who cares if the caller doesn't exist? i know there's a difference between a book and a movie, but those calls and that relationship was critical to establish on screen, because it provides the foundation for the rest of the movie. since it doesn't, the movie falls apart.this is surprising because of maupin's other work, tales of the city. when it was made into a mini-series, it worked beautifully.

i didn't really expect much from "the night listener" and i actually never heard of it until i saw the cover in the videostore. however, the movie is very effective when it comes to building up suspension and tension. on occasion it drags a little, but it actually helps to keep you wondering what's going to happen and more importantly: when. as the movie progresses, the character played by robin williams gets dragged into some kind of "cat and mouse" spiel to the point where he becomes obsessed with finding out the truth and existence about a 14 year old abused kid that no-one seemed to have ever seen in person. the night listener is an interesting story, which is great in building up the suspense throughout the movie and you're pretty much kept in the dark of who is lying and what's real. however, in the end it kind of disappoints and doesn't live up to the potential it could have had. it doesn't really give you a detailed or plausible explanation about the other main character, which would have been helpful and interesting.

this movie is trash-poor. it has horrible taste, and is pedestrian and unconvincing in script although supposedly based on real-events - which doesn't add much of anything but make it more of a disappointment. direction is not well done at as scenes and dialogue are out-of-place. not sure what robin williams saw in this character or story. to start, williams is not convincing as a gay in a relationship breakup nor is the relationship itself interesting. what's worse, his character is compelled by an ugly pedophile story that is base and has no place as a plot device. you have an older rory culkin tastelessly spouting "d_ck_smker" - in good fun- which is annoying enough and then laughed up by the williams character. finally you have sandra oh as a guardian angel adviser to williams and a thrown in explanation of the whole fiasco towards the end. toni collete's character is just plain annoying and a re-hash of her 6th sense performance with poorer direction. very miss-able.

i couldn't give this film a bad rating or bad review for two reasons: robin williams and toni collete. the film has the potential of being a thriller and there are some slight disturbing elements that lean to the psychological which was something the film could have focused a little on. robin williams plays gabriel noon, a storytelling night time deejay who is going through personal issues: his lover moves out and gabriel is having what seems to be a case of storyteller's block. one day he receives and reads a story written by a dying 14-year old boy named pete boland (rory culkin). pete tells the story of his life and the abuse he suffered at the hands of his parents. he lives with his adopted mother and social worker, donna boland (toni collette). gabriel is fascinated and begins a friendship with pete, but things seem strange when gabriel attempts to meet him and discovers the possibility that pete boland may not even exist. i won't go into detail because i don't want to spoil the film, but i will tell you this: it is quite predictable. fascinating atmosphere for telling a story and good performances from robin williams and toni collette, who i thought was the film's key character. collette is without question one of the most talented and loveliest actresses. her ability to tap into the psyche and personality of the characters she portrays is very uncanny and i hope to see her win an oscar (hell, i think she might pull off getting a best supporting actress nod for this one if the script were a little better). the film starts off as a psychological thriller, but a predictable one at that. if your curious to know the film's ending and twists, then see the film otherwise i would rent another predictable thriller called "hide and seek".

felt mine was while watching this...but it seems that is the reason for insanity running in the family in this film. not that makes a lot of sense anyway, as others have mentioned, this was one of karloff's last films and it's only his screen presence that lends it any credibility at all. it's sad that all of the great legends of the horror films in the sound era were eventually reduced to starring in low grade rubbish like this. marginally, boris did get off slightly better than poor old bela lugosi but not by much. boris does his best and give him credit for trying to hold this mess together. the strident background music doesn't help and distracts from any lucid moment. apart from boris, the rest of the mexican cast are dubbed into some strange, clipped, english monotone that is reminiscent of the type used in porn films of the late seventies. at a guess i think it's edgar allen poe's 'house of usher' that this is taken from but you'd be hard pressed to find a great deal of poe in the finished article.still, there are far better films out there with boris karloff at his best, search them out and give this a wide berth, unless you want the curse of the 'shrinking brain' too!

"house of evil" aka "dance of death" of 1968 is the first of four infamous and odd last movies starring the great boris karloff and directed by jack hill and juan ibánez. unlike "snake people" (1971), "the incredible invasion" (also 1971) and "the fear chamber" (1972) which were all released after karloff's death in 1969, "house of evil" was released in 1968, when karloff was still alive. "house of evil" is regarded by many as the worst of these four movies, which are without doubt all rather crappy, but definitely have their entertainment value as the unintentional comedies they are. i personally prefer "the fear chamber" and "house of evil" over the other two, simply for the reason that the lack of the slightest logic is even more extreme, and since there is no suspense whatsoever in any of the movies, the lack of logic increases the unintentional fun factor.the odd story (i don't know if i can really call it a 'plot') is set somewhere in europe in the 19th century. after some girls are murdered and found with their eyes ripped out, mathias morteval (karloff), an enthusiastic organ player, invites his few remaining relatives to his bizarre mansion, which is full of eerie toys. his kinfolk includes lucy durant (julissa), who is engaged to one of the police inspectors investigating the murders.i won't give away more of the story, but i can assure you that it is quite bizarre throughout the movie. there are some very funny moments, especially some things karloff's character says. boris karloff was without any doubt one of the most brilliant and important icons of the horror genre who ever lived, and he manages to award this odd movie with a tiny bit of his greatness, and although (or because) his role is (due to a poor script and and directing) in no way scary, it looks like he deliberately plays it with a sense of humor. just like in the movie's successors "snake people" and "the fear chamber", the female lead is once again played by julissa. most of he supporting performances are hilariously amateurish, the cinematography is terrible and the locations and sceneries are beneath contempt. the storyline lacks the least bit of logic and the dialogue often does not make the slightest sense. it is the poor story and dialogue, however, that makes this movie so entertaining to watch. "house of evil" may be an extremely crappy attempt of a movie, but it is certainly as (unintentionally) funny as it is bad. fans of ed wood's movies should be very amused, i personally found it hilarious. crappy but entertaining nevertheless, and definitely worth watching since there's boris karloff in it and due to the fun factor. 3/10

boris karloff is matthias morteval, a dying, lonely old nut who lives in morhenge mansion with some servants and tells his doctor friend, "don't try to doctor me, doctor! i'm disgustingly healthy!" he invites his nieces and nephews to his home and warns them they may have inherited a genetic disease that causes madness by "shrinking the brain" (?)***spoilers***morteval/karloff ends up dying, and murderous "toys" (designed by his dead brother) start killing off the relatives. a mini cannon fires real bullets into a guys face, a life-sized knight in armor attacks with an axe and a dancing sheik stabs people with a knife. one guy getting strangled makes some hilarious faces. at the end, julissa and her boyfriend find karloff is still alive and hiding out in the dungeon where steel gates seal off the room. he plays the recurring organ theme music (sort of a death rattle used for the killings), the brother's spirit starts talking ("the whole house will go with me!") and the mansion goes up in flames.this senseless mess is too dark, boring and the stupid dialogue never matches the lips.

mr. vanhook took a good idea and kicked like a football. unfortunately, it didn't make the goal. the historical subject of giants is a good one, but pour in the goon milk and you end up with a giant wheel of cheese. i say, take this reel wheel and roll it off a cliff. i couldn't even watch the entire film. that says a lot because i rarely walk away from any movie. i always like to give them a chance for last-minute redemption. it's impossible to redeem something this bad. well, at least the acting was good....not! the only thing "falling" in this film is the rating. 1/10 and sinking into the negative numbers!

sometime in 1998, saban had acquired the rights to produce a brand-new ninja turtles live-action series. naturally, being a fan of the tmnt back in the day, this obviously peaked my interest. so when i started watching the show... to say i was disappointed by the end result is an understatement. some time later (more like recently), i got a chance to revisit the series.first off, let's talk about some of the positives. they managed to re-create the turtles' lair as it was last seen in the movies fairly well given the limited budget they threw in with this. there tends to be this darker atmosphere overall in terms of the sets and whatnot. and the turtle suits, while not the greatest piece of puppetry and whatnot, were functional and seemed pretty sturdy for most of the action stuff that would follow in the series.people tend to complain about getting rid of shredder quickly and replacing him with these original villains who could have easily been used in a power rangers show. but you can only have shredder get beat so many times before it gets boring and undermines his worth as a villain... and besides, most fans don't realize or don't remember or just plain ignore the fact that in the original comic, the shredder was offed in the very first issue! never mind the countless resurrections that would follow. so on a personal standpoint, i was sort of glad they got rid of shredder because then the anticipation would build to the point where they would eventually bring him back in a later episode. i find that shredder in small quantities work best because then his encounters with the turtles are all the more memorable.unfortunately, they end up replacing him with these original villains who, as stated, seemed more fit for a power rangers show than a ninja turtles show. and with these new magic-wielding generics comes a new female magic-wielding turtle, the infamous venus de milo. i'll be honest; i never got comfortable with her. i'm not against the idea of a female turtle; i'm just against the idea of one who uses magic and thus sticks out like a sore sight among a clan of ninja turtles who seem somewhat out of their domain. i almost get the impression that this could have easily been the venus de milo show dealing with her make-believe enemies and the tmnt are just there to provide the star power (or whatever was left considering the timeframe this was released). fortunately, they all share the spotlight together.next mutation was canned after a season on the air and the creators were more than happy to ignore it. given time and maybe another season, i really believe this live iteration of the tmnt could have been something and might have gotten a chance at greatness. but while the idea was sound, the execution was flawed (although there are a couple good episodes in this series). as it stands, next mutation is one of those oddities in turtledom that is best left buried and forgotten.

this is the worst thing the tmnt franchise has ever spawned. i was a kid when this came out and i still thought it was deuce, even though i liked the original cartoon.there's this one scene i remember when the mafia ape guy explains to his minions what rhetorical questions are. it's atrocious. many fans hate on the series for including a female turtle, but that didn't bother me. so much so that i didn't even remember her until i read about the show recently. all in all, it's miserably forgettable.the only okay thing was the theme song. guilty pleasure, they call it... nananana ninja...

a pale shadow of a great musical, this movie suffers from the fact that the director, richard attenborough, completely misses the point of the musical, needlessly "opens" it up, and muddies the thrust of the play. the show is about a group of dancers auditioning for a job in a b'way musical and examines their drive & desire to work in this demanding and not-always-rewarding line of work. attenborough gives us a fresh-faced cast of hopefuls, assuming that they are trying to get their "big break" in show business, rather than presenting the grittier mix of characters created on stage as a group of working "gypsies" living show to show, along with a couple of newcomers. the film has one advantage over the play and that is the opening scene, showing the size of the original audition and the true scale of shrinkage down to the 16/17 on the line (depending on how you count cassie, who is stupidly kept out of the line in the movie). anyone who can catch a local civic light opera production of the play will have a much richer experience than seeing this poorly-conceived film.

i was lucky enough to see a chorus line when it came to my city.. i was younger then.. but it was an excellent play.. so would someone please tell me why in heavens name did they have to make a movie out of it.. and why michael douglas ??? he didnt suit the role.. this movie really sucked big time !!!my advise is not to rent this movie.. save your money for something better like "cats" ....

this film is regarded by some as a classic - i've no idea why. it is terrible to the point of being laughable. the only saving grace with this movie are the delivery of cheesy lines that are so toe curlingly embarrassing that you have no choice but to laugh at them.there are a couple of good songs and good choreography in this film, but so what! there is no plot, it is set in a theatre with no change of scenery, and michael douglas is as depressing as ever. my brother once forced me to watch this film, because he said i wouldn't believe how bad a film can get! he was right.normally with a film this dreadful i would recommend that people shouldn't watch it, but in this case i think people should, as it will put every other bad film you've seen in perspective.

hi, everyone, if you saw "singing in the rain," you remember the scene of gene kelly dancing in the rain. you also remember the dance number of donald o'connor, "make 'em laugh." if you saw "royal wedding," you will remember fred astaire dancing on the ceiling. if you saw "jailhouse rock," you will even remember the title dance number choreographed by the king himself.that is what is missing here. there could have been some blockbuster dance numbers in this presentation. the closest was chuck mcgowan's "i can do that." the mere fact that you have some talented people on stage moving together does not make a great dance film. richard attenborough was to blame for this failure. he pointed the camera at the stage and thought that would be a good thing.yelling at people auditioning for a part in a broadway production is not entertainment. michael douglas would be just as badly cast if he were in a western or a comedy. he is ok when he is in a michael douglas movie where we see him yelling at someone we would like to yell at. it does not work here.the cast was good except for michael, of course. a good movie could have been made even using the songs that were in the stage production, but someone should have thought about how to film it.next time they do one of these i hope they call me first.tom willett

for anyone who has seen and fallen in love with the stage musical a chorus line, the movie is a shoddy substitute. not only are songs cut, but unnecessary plot twists added, new dance sequences choreographed, and, let's face it, richard attenborough just doesn't know how to film dancers.onstage, michael bennett's a chorus line was just that: michael bennett. his idea, his choreography, his direction, his gift to broadway and the rest of the world. it was two hours of hard-hitting, in-your-face realism that really made you feel for these "boys" and "girls." the movie, however, lacks empathy and depth: the actors look like they are auditioning for a chorus line rather than actually auditioning. every move, every line of dialogue seems so weighted and planned; michael douglas, especially, as zach is too in control for us to believe that he is this extraordinarily bitchy choreographer. even when he throws his temper tantrums, you never quite believe him because every gesture, every accented word, every nuance is so obviously rehearsed. and as for him not dancing: kevin kline auditioned for the role of zach on broadway. michael bennett loved his reading, but kline couldn't dance and ultimately lost the part. how i wish they had done the same for douglas! a chorus line is supposed to be a show about nobodies, and aside from a few recognizable faces (vicki frederick, who played cassie on broadway, as sheila and khandi alexander, of tv's newsradio, as one of the many auditioning dancers) you're not supposed to know any of these people. because you do know these people. having a star in any of the roles is a terrible decision: when you focus on michael douglas and his ranting instead of on the girls and boys on the line and their stories, you lose something.it is truly unfortunate that the best sequence in the show (montage: hello twelve, hello thirteen, hello love) is cut drastically to make way for a terrible new song entitled "surprise, surprise" that surprisingly received a nomination at the oscars. cassie's "mirror dance" has a new song and tragically boring choreography -- one wonders why they bothered to shoot a movie version at all if they were going to mess with a working formula this much.for fans of musical theatre and those who enjoyed the stage version, this movie is a sad mockery of everything they cherished and loved. for those who never got to see the original production, either on broadway or on tour, this movie is the only reference they will have to go by. and they'll have to wonder just how it got to be the longest-running musical in broadway history -- until a little show called cats overtook it in the late 1990's. but that is a different story, and don't even get me started there.

the broadway musical, "a chorus line" is arguably the best musical in theatre. it's about the experiences of people who live for dance; the joys they experience, and the sacrifices they make. each dancer is auditioning for parts in a broadway chorus line, yet what comes out of each of them are stories of how their lives led them find dance as a respite. the film version, though, captures none of the passion or beauty of the stage show, and is arguably the worst film adaptation of a broadway musical, as it is lifeless and devoid of any affection for dance, whatsoever. the biggest mistake was made in giving the director's job to sir richard attenborough, whose direction offered just the right touch and pacing for "gandhi." why would anyone in his or her right mind ask an epic director to direct a musical that takes place in a fairly constricted place?which brings us to the next problem. "a chorus line" takes place on stage in a theatre with no real sets and limited costume changes. it's the least flashy of broadway musicals, and its simplicity was its glory. however, that doesn't translate well to film, and no one really thought that it would. for that reason, the movie should have taken us in the lives of these dancers, and should have left the theatre and audition process. the singers could have offered their songs in other environments and even have offered flashbacks to their first ballet, jazz or tap class. heck, they could have danced down broadway in their lively imaginations. yet, not one shred of imagination went into the making of this film, as attenborough's complete indifference for dance and the show itself is evident in his lackadaisical direction.many scenes are downright awkward as the dancers tell their story to the director (michael douglas) whether he wants to hear them or not. douglas' character is capricious about choosing to whom he extends a sympathetic ear, and to whom he has no patience. while the filmmakers pretended to be true to the nature of the play, some heretical changes were made. the very beautiful "hello twelve, hello thirteen, hello love"--a smashing stage number which took the dancers back to their adolescence--was removed and replaced with the dreadful, "surprise," a song so bad that it was nominated for an oscar. adding insult to injury, "surprise" simply retold the same story as "hello, love" but without the wit or pathos.there is no reason to see this film unless you want a lesson in what not to do when transferring a broadway show to film. if you want to see a film version of this show, the next closest thing is bob fosse's brilliant "all that jazz." while fosse's daughter is in "a chorus line," he is the fosse who should have been involved, as director. he would have known what to do with this material, which deserved far greater respect than this sad effort.

by the time this film was released i had seen chorus line on stage 4 times, and had been anticipating most eagerly the long-rumored production of a film of the story. my wife and i were in line hours before the box office opened on the day the film was released. it was not just a disappointment, it was a kick in the abdomen. first, the story was "moved outside," so to speak, by including scenes not in the confines of the theater. those confines are a large portion of the meaning and impact of the story. second & third together (assign your own order): one of the original songs, with very dynamic dance number, was removed; a song which was not in the stage production was added. say what ?? i'm confused! the only reason i gave this film 2 stars instead of 1 is my admiration for the talent and hard work of the performers. i've now seen chorus line on stage 6 times, and wouldn't mind seeing it 6 more times before i die. it is superbly written, with wonderful music, and heart- wrenchingly true stories. if you want to see a musical which includes a great "cattle call" audition, i recommend all that jazz. if you want to see the story of a chorus line, see it on stage.

i recently bought the dvd, forgetting just how much i hated the movie version of "a chorus line." every change the director attenborough made to the story failed.by making the director-cassie relationship so prominent, the entire ensemble-premise of the musical sails out the window.some of the musical numbers are sped up and rushed. the show's hit song gets the entire meaning shattered when it is given to cassie's character.the overall staging is very self-conscious.the only reason i give it a 2, is because a few of the great numbers are still able to be enjoyed despite the film's attempt to squeeze every bit of joy and spontaneity out of it.

michael bennett and nicholas dante's broadway show ran for years, but evidence of its power and charisma is lost in this movie adaptation, which most likely stems from the choice of director (richard attenborough, as far from b-way as you could get) and lead actor (michael douglas, who plays a director-choreographer like a slimy corporate lawyer). the slim story, about a grueling audition for a broadway show which turns into a therapy session for the actor-dancer-singers, is pushed right up on us, with loud, brassy talents playing to the rafters. nothing is modulated or subtle, particularly a laughable subplot about a ex-dancer returning to the theater and butting heads with old-flame douglas. the over-eager hopefuls are filled with promise and heartache, but their personal stories of angst are a little embarrassing; this, matched with attenborough's sluggish pacing, spells disaster, and even the now-famous songs fail to break through the artificial wrapping. *1/2 from ****

this may be the worst film adaptation of a broadway musical ever. even the music has been destroyed. attenborough knows nothing about theater - almost every shot and moment ring false. i will say, though, that it is almost bad enough to be funny.the hairstyles are remarkably dated. i can not for the life of me understand what is meant (conceptually) by opening the film with an exterior of the theater where "a chorus line" is playing. are we to think that these people are auditioning for "a chorus line," which contains the stories about the people who are auditioning? oh no, the show is collapsing on itself.i saw the original production, and have listened to the album hundreds of times. why, oh, why, did they do this?

this is one of the worst film adaptations of a musical ever made. the stage version of a chorus line is wonderful. this movie misses the mark in almost every way. even the casting is baffling. take audrey landers as val. "dance 10 looks 3" is val's song. val's story is that she is a great dancer but a 3 in the looks department. yes, she finds a solution, but ultimately she's a great dancer. what do the brilliant filmmakers do? they hire an actress who can't dance and is famous for looking great. way to miss the boat.then there's the choreography. i'm sure michael bennett was turning over in his grave. why didn't they use his choreography? it really can't be improved upon.

i first saw the live musical at the denver center for the performing arts and it was absolutely mind-blowing, stunning and had such fantastic continuity of plot and dialogue that i liked it much more than most musicals that i have seen on the stage. the interesting thing is that you never got to see zach's face. he was always in the dark but his presence was powerful and guided the direction of entire production. whe i heard they were making a movie from it, i waited with bated breath, but when i watched the movie version i was so bummed-out disappointed that i felt i was cheated. the movie lacks the captivating mood set in the live production and it never allows you to be completely in close touch with every character. personally, i would like to see the live version again and if that should ever be revived, i would wholeheartedly recommend that you go out of your way to see it. it will be one of the most memorable experiences you will enjoy.

if you were to judge based on the movie alone, the committee that gave the stage musical "a chorus line" a pulitzer prize, and broadway audiences that kept the war horse running for 15 years, were all on heavy narcotics, because one singular sensation this film certainly is not.what possessed anyone to think that richard attenborough was the right fit for this material utterly mystifies me, but he makes a musical that is almost entirely about movement just sit on the screen like a lump of clay.not content with the original score the way it was originally written, someone decided that what the film really needed was a brand new song to give the movie some zip. thus we are assaulted with the oscar-nominated(!) "surprise, surprise." well surprise, surprise, the song stinks, and so does the movie.grade: d

i'm not a stage purist. a movie could have been made of this play, and it would almost necessarily require changes... comme ci, comme ca. but the modest conceits of this material are lost or misunderstood by the movie's creators who are in full-on "shallow blockbuster" mode. it would be hard to imagine a worse director. perhaps only josh logan & jack warner could have ruined this in the same way attenborough did.onstage a chorus line was a triumph of workshopping as a production method. dancers answering a casting call found themselves sitting around shooting the crap about their stage-career experiences (very 70s!). then bennett and hamlisch took some time, handed them a song and cast them as themselves. ...astonishing! unbelievably modern. the 'story'of acl is (in turn) about answering a casting call for a play we never have a complete view of, because the play doesn't matter. it was meta before the idea was invented, 25 years before adaptation noodled with a similar idea. acl was also another in a reductivist trend that is still alive, & which is a hallmark of modern creativity: that technique itself is compelling... that there's more drama in an average person's life than you could ever synthesize with invented characters. what a gracious idea. the stage play had one performance area (an empty stage) and three different ways to alter the backdrop, to alleviate visual tedium, not to keep viewers distracted. the space recedes and the actors stories are spotlighted. it worked just fine. that was the point. all these ideas are trampled or bastardized. set-wise, there wasn't one, and no costumes either until the the dancers came out for their final bows, in which the exhilarating "one" is finally, powerfully, performed in full (gold) top hats and tails, with moves we recognize because we've watched them in practice sessions. the pent-up anxiety of the play is released --- and audiences went nuts. after grampa manhandles this, it's like a mushed, strangled bird. he clearly has the earlier, respected all that jazz (and fosse's stage piece dancin') in mind as he makes his choices. hamlisch's score was edgy & interesting for it's time, but time has not been kind to it. it's as schmaltzy as "jazz hands." and that's before attenborough ever touches it. he's remarkable at finding whatever good was left, and mangling it. a simple question might have helped attenborough while filming this, "could i bear spending even a few minutes with people like these?" a major issue for any adaptation of the play is how the 4th wall of theater (pivotal by it's absence in theater) would be addressed in the film format. there's never been a more "frontal" play. the answer they came up with was, "i'm sorry.. what was the question?" the cast has been augmented from a manageable number of unique narratives, to a crowd suffocating each other and the audience, and blending their grating selves together. i was well past my annoyance threshold when that annoying little runt swings across the stage on a rope, clowning at the (absent) audience. the play made you understand theater people. this movie just makes you want to choke them.perhaps broadways annoying trend of characters walking directly to stage center and singing their stories at the audience (les miz, miss saigon) instead of relating to other characters started here. but the worst imaginable revival of the play will make you feel more alive than this movie. a chorus line is pure schlock.

yes, i was lucky enough to see the long-running original production of michael bennett's hit musical. it was an amazing experience and i paid to see the movie when it hit theatres back in 1985. it is awful. almost everything fails. first off, attenborough (a fine actor, a good director with the right material) is a sorry choice - almost as bad as when john huston was hired to mangle annie. the camera is always in the wrong place - they chop up the songs and the casting!!! they are awful - the power of the play was these dancers - these hungry, talented performers just wanted a chance to show what they could do and when they got their chance - you couldn't take your eyes off of them. but this cast just gets by dancing, does a "nice" job singing but none of them spark one bit. in fact, look up the cast on imdb - none of them really went on to do anything much. (ok, ok, janet jones married gretzky - sheesh). so this cinema trainwreck does not capture for one second the magic, the desperation, the passion of the stage musical. a total strike-out! (but even though they try to smother the music - the great music still rises up at times and reminds people how great the score was).

on broadway, a chorus line was pure magic. from the second the show opened with a spectacular burst of energy to the truly grand finale, a joyous curtain call of all those chorus members who we grew to love during the course of the show, we were totally engaged - captivated by the intensely personal stories, some funny, some clever, some stirring, of this chorus line. the movie is another matter entirely. the focus is now on the director - and what an ogre he is! every time the film switches to michael douglas, there he is with a bitter, sour expression, barking out questions and orders, screaming and yelling whenever he gets the chance. yikes!! that changes the dynamics of the story. on broadway, the director was indeed an imperious offstage presence, but he was also sort of a theatrical device to allow the stories of these amazing strong/fragile/intriguing/hilarious chorus line members to be told with insight and clarity. there is a reason this work won the pulitzer prize! and actually in one of the only moments the director appears, he is there to comfort the young puerto rican dancer after we hear that dancer's heart-breaking story. he appears again to ultimately express his genuine affection/ concern for cassie. but in the movie, from the second douglas' director starts bitterly barking orders, the chorus line members' stories become secondary. it's like they are in a lousy profession, where a jaded director instead of showing the joy at creating a new exciting theatrical show, is jaded, exhausted, furious at having to audition these chorus members. on stage, there was always the excitement of the show. here in the movie practically from the word go, you feel sorry for everyone involved. during the course of the musical, we desperately wished every single one of those chorus members well, and how happy we would have been if they had all gotten the job! but of course that couldn't happen. but in the finale when they all came back in glorious costume with those amazing spinning mirrors on stage, sometimes reflecting us in the audience, in our hearts, and we know, also in the hearts of all those chorus members both accepted and rejected, they were on stage forever dancing in a profession they loved so much, bringing magic to the theatre. in the movie, after all the misplaced story lines and emphasis, that magic becomes totally diluted. all we feel (even with the exact same curtain call), is that some of the members got a job with a mean-spirited director. so they all come on the screen and are dancing again. big deal.

i admit to having been a fan of the original stage production. i never saw the movie version until very lately on cable, and watched it with anticipation, to see my memories brought alive again, because i adored the original show. imagine my dismay.this has to be the worst translation of a broadway show to film ever made. they changed the story, they changed the songs, they lost the soul. i was expecting a trip down memory lane, singing to the extraordinarily touching music and the mirror, at the ballet, and hello twelve, hello thirteen. not! not only did they adulterate the music to an almost unrecognizable point, but they messed up the storyline, adding songs and exterior plotlines (hello cassie and michael douglas) not present in the original, and injecting "drama" where it wasn't necessary. the original had enough pathos on its own. if you were a fan of the original broadway show, don't bother. i'm sorry i wasted my time, and diluted my memories, watching this tripe.

i saw the original "chorus line" on broadway god knows how many times and felt the passion, despair and joy come from this live experience in the theater. michael bennett knew he would have to re-imagine "chorus" for the screen but could never figure out how to do it. if the man who came up with the show is stumped - that should answer your question. there are some shows that are simply made to be seen live - with an audience. however, richard attenborough fresh of the musical work of "ghandi" and dancing with animals in "doctor doolittle" ended up directing this film which bore little to no resemblance to the stage show. horrible songs were added (surprise! surprise!), great songs were dropped or given to other characters (which didn't make sense). michael douglas was mis-cast. people that couldn't dance tried to act and there was the sexy "landers" woman who couldn't sing, act, or dance - i guess she had just finished being ghandi's wife. the dances by jeffrey hornaday look like nothing more than schlock from "flashdance" rejects and nothing works. i sat there stunned at how something so riveting and emotional could be drained to nothing. if you truly love this show and it is coming back to broadway in 2006 - see it but don't think that the long running musical event that was "a chorus line" has any thing at all to do with this film.

for those who never saw a chorus line onstage and their only exposure to the story was this film, this film is ok as movie musicals, nothing special, just ok. i have seen the show on broadway 4 times and even auditioned for a touring company of the show once and for someone who pretty much memorized the original production, the 1985 film version is so dreadful on so many levels that i don't even know where to begin. first of all, for those who have never auditioned for a theatrical production, let me assure you that irl when you audition for a play, the director, producer, and choreographer never ask personal questions and don't give a crap about why you wanted to become a performer. a real theatrical audition, whether it be for a play or a musical, rarely takes more than five minutes. if you're auditioning as a dancer, you get shown a 64-bar dance combination once, you do it, and then they decide immediately whether you're in or out. michael bennett's original concept of the show was to flesh out the lives of dancers and introduce to the uninitiated the passion for performing and why so many sacrifice so much for so little. the play is about these dancers. first of all, director richard attenborough took so much focus off the dancers by beefing up the cassie/zach relationship and by casting michael douglas as zach. in the play, you never see zach...he is just a voice in the back of the theater and his relationship with cassie is barely touched upon. cassie shown in the cab in traffic trying to get to the audition and upstairs talking to larry (a character who is not even in the play)was all added for the movie and took so much focus off what the story is about. major musical numbers were cut or rethought. the opening number in the play "i hope i get it" shows all of the dancers doing a jazz and ballet combination and then people get eliminated. in the movie they jam three hundred dancers onstage together and show them in closeup to disguise the fact that they have cast people in the film who can't dance (can you say "audrey landers"). "goodbye 12, goodbye 13, hello love", a brilliant vocal exploration of these dancers' childhood's jaundiced memories was reworked as "surprise, surprise" mainly a vehicle for the late gregg burge as richie. the show's most famous song, "what i did for love" which in the show was a touching allegory sung by the entire cast about what they give up to dance, becomes just another standard love song in the film, performed tiredly by a miscast allyson reed as cassie. jeffrey hornaday's choreography for the film is dull and unimaginative and doesn't hold a candle to michael bennett' original staging and when you're making a movie about dancers, the choreography has to be special. there are a couple of good dancers in the film, the previously mentioned gregg burge as richie, michelle johnston as bebe, and janet jones as judy, but they are hardly given the opportunity to show what they can do, yet audrey landers, who can barely walk and chew gum at the same time, is given one of the show's best numbers, "dance 10, looks 3." i will admit that the finale, "one" is dazzling, but you have to wait almost two hours for that. i would say that if you never saw a chorus line onstage, this film might be worth a look, but if you are a devotee of the original broadway musical...be afraid...be very afraid.

i wonder who, how and more importantly why the decision to call richard attenborough to direct the most singular sensation to hit broadway in many many years? he's an academy award winning director. yes, he won for ghandi you moron! jeremy irons is an academy winning actor do you want to see him play rocky balboa? he has experience with musicals. really? "oh what a lovely war" have you forgotten? to answer your question, yes! the film is a disappointment, clear and simple. not an ounce of the live energy survived the heavy handedness of the proceedings. every character danced beautifully they were charming but their projection was theatrical. i felt nothing. but when i saw it on stage i felt everything. the film should have been cast with stars, unknown, newcomers but stars with compelling unforgettable faces even the most invisible of the group. great actors who could dance beautifully. well michael douglas was in it. true i forgot i'm absolutely wrong and you are absolutely right. nothing like a richard attenborough michael douglas musical.

what's with indonesian musical movies? never have i seen indonesian musical movies like the ones made in bollywood. they miss the spirit of the story and just a bunch of 'what they called' poetic lines.this story about love of two kids who are separated and then meet again after a few years of changes has no special remarks. it's a simple story plot (but it's quite focused though) with 'meant to be' musical story lines here and there.confusing characters that should be saved by brilliant acting are neglected. the main actress may try to live up the character, but it's the best that she could do, trying. as for the casting, i don't feel the necessity to put a balinese student in that story and of course, that's not the only unnecessary characters.the strange thing is, why would i want to watch this movie? maybe because of the mangoes...

if you really have to watch this movie because your girlfriend is in a romantic mood, let it be boy. but prepare yourself by bringing your hp if it comes with a radio.after having watched such a good movie as arisan (2003), it is terrible to see what they come up with again in indonesia. it seems that the only idea is to make money, but no one seems seriously to work on the image of indonesia in the world of entertainment. that it is a 'global' world doesn't seem to come up in the minds of those who make movies in indonesia. and since the indonesian public swallows everything that is presented to them as 'made in indonesia' with a flavor of the west, they get away with it.ok, the story is nice to begin with. and it could have developed into a nice flick. but did the director never think about the fact that a musical needs first of all live music or at least good playback, and secondly good choreography? in this movie, the playback is so bad that it makes you wanna cry right there in the cinema. every single word you hear is followed seconds later by the actor or whoever sing playback, and it is extremely annoying while watching the movie.the choreography is as if they planned to make a movie about morning gymnastics, but in the end thought it would be nice to turn it into a musical... they only forgot to change the choreography. it is hardly dancing you see, they jump here and there, throw their legs up in the air, and that is about it.well, at least there's a happy ending.... but if you can convince your girlfriend that a nice candlelight dinner is much more romantic, do so!

this film features ben chaplin as a bored bank employee in england who orders a mail order bride from russia, recieves nicole kidman in the mail and gets more than he bargained for when, surprise, she isn't what she appears to be. the story is fairly predictible and chaplin underacts too much to the point where he becomes somewhat anoying. kidman is actualy rather good in this role, making her character about the only thing in this film that is interesting. grade: c

nothing in this film interested me. i thought the actors were asleep while they were performing. that's not laid-back stanislofsky method, that's just walking-through and saying lines, i'm afraid. kidman's performance is sad. the story is, however, mildly entertaining if you want to put up with the bad acting.

this movie is the worst ive seen.. nicole kidman really dissapointed me.. this movie has nothing. i would not watch it again even if it were the last movie on earth. great actors but bad script.

this film's trailer interested me enough to warrant renting the dvd. however, the resulting movie is absolutely dire! admittedly, this is not the worst film ever made, or the worst film this year, but it came damn close!the main issue is the film not knowing what it wants to be: comedy, adult drama, thriller, teen-porn? the story is interesting, as it deals with the pitfalls of mail-order brides, but the film is a mess. what starts out as a mildly interesting "comedy" (a word i use in the loosest possible terms), then goes totally in reverse, and degenerates into a very dark and distasteful misogynistic thriller. nicole kidman should know better, and ben chaplin is wasted! as are matthieu kassovitz and vincent cassel, whom i can only presume did this for the money.this is a bad film in pretty much every single aspect. it's not funny, it's almost so sexist that you could almost forgive benny hill for everything he did, and the dramatic elements are just downright nasty. a film to be avoided, unless you absolutely have to see kidman or chaplin in every one of their films!

it seems that the intention of the film was to show the aggressive (maffia-like) character of russians, or at least of those russians able to travel outside their big country; that it is too easy to rob a bank in england; and that british police is so inefficient that it cannot find the person who robbed the bank even when these subjects are leaving the country by air. in addition, nicole kidman and the supposed russian colleagues spoke a language not yet identified anywhere, probably spoken by aliens in the ural mountains, but far to be the russian one. so nicole, if you really want to talk russian, kindly go to moscow or st. petersburg and keep yourself busy learning russian language grammar and its pronunciation.

birthday girl doesn't know what it wants to be - is it a comedy,, is it a drama...it just doesn't know. what could have been a very funny or touching film ends up in no-man's land. the premise is original enough to have warranted a script full of interesting scenarios but hardly delivers any and ends up petering out. this is a real shame if you look at the cast - it's very solid all the way through but they don't get the chance to shine. very disappointing.

not only is it a disgustingly made low-budget bad-acted movie, but the plot itself is just stupid!!!a mystic man that eats women? (and by the looks, not virgin ones)ridiculous!!! if you´ve got nothing better to do (like sleeping) you should watch this. yeah right.

i am guessing the reason this movie did so well at the box office is of course eddie murphy. i think this was his first movie since "beverly hills cop" so at the time he was hot. considering that one made over two hundred million and it was r and this one made about 80 million and it was pg does say it was not all that popular. i have never been a big eddie murphy fan, so that is probably another reason i didn't care for it much at all. this one has eddie as some sort of finder of lost kids. he must find the golden child or the world is in terrible peril. the plot is very bad, but as bad as it is it does not compare to the special effects. i had seen better stuff done in the 70's than some of the stuff this one offers, ray harryhausen did better stuff. still the main reason you see a movie like this is because of eddie, unfortunately he is not very funny in this one at all and it just seems stupid to put him in the "raiders of the lost ark" type scenes. i guess they were hoping for a fish out of water effect, but to me it just did not work.

oh man. if you want to give your internal crow t. robot a real workout, this is the movie to pop into the ol' vcr. the potential for cut-up lines in this film is just endless.(minor spoilers ahead. hey, do you really care if a film of this quality is "spoiled?") traci is a girl with a problem. psychology has developed names for it when a child develops a sexual crush on the opposite-sex parent. but this girl seems to have one for her same-sex one, and i don't think there's a term for that. it might be because her mother dana is played by rosanna arquette, whose cute overbite, neo-flowerchild sexuality and luscious figure makes me forgive her any number of bad movies or unsympathetic characters. here dana is not only clueless to her daughter's conduct; she seems to be competing for the gold medal in the olympic indulgent mother competition. it's possible that dana misses traci's murderous streak because truth be told, traci seems to have the criminal skills of a hamster. it's only because the script dictates so that she manages to pull off any kind of a body count.a particularly hilarious note in this movie is the character of carmen, a mexican maid who is described by dana as around so long she's like one of the family although she dresses in what the director thought would say, "i just fell off the tomato truck from guadalajara." carmen is so wise to traci's scheming, she might also wear a sign saying, "hey, i'm the next victim!" sure enough, traci confronts carmen as carmen is making her way back from mass, and bops her with one of those slightly angled lug wrenches that car manufacturers put next to your spare as a bad joke. i rather suspect than in real life those things are as useless as a murder weapon as they are for changing a tire. in another sequence, arquette wears a flimsy dress to a vineyard, under cloudy skies, talking to the owner. cut to her in another flimsy dress under sunny skies, talking to the owner's brother. then cut to her wearing the first dress, in the first location, under cloudy skies - but it's supposed to be later. you get the picture. we're talking really bad directing.as for skin, don't expect much, although traci does own a nice couple of bikinis. for those looking for a trash wallow, 8. for anybody else, 1/2.

this movie is so bad, i knew how it ends right after this little girl killed the first person. very bad acting very bad plot very bad moviedo yourself a favour and don't watch it 1/10

a truly, truly dire canadian-german co-production, the ever-wonderful rosanna arquette plays an actress whose teenage daughter redefines the term "problem child" - a few uears prior to the "action" the child murdered her father, and mum took the fall for the offspring. now she's moved up to the northwest us to start over, but her child still has a problem in that she's devoted to her mother. so devoted in fact that she kills anyone who might be seen as a threat to their bond.unfortunately mandy schaeffer (as the daughter) murders more than people - she delivers such a terrible performance that she also wipes out the movie, though the incoherent script, useless direction and appalling music (check out the saxophone the first time she displays her bikini-clad bod) don't help any; we're supposed to find her sexy and scary, but she fails on both counts. almost completely unalluring and not even bad enough to be amusing (not to mention the fact that arquette and schaeffer don't really convince as mother and daughter), all condolences to miss arquette and jurgen prochnow, both of whom are worthy of far more than this, and both of whom (particularly rosanna) are the only sane reasons for anyone to sit through this farrago.one of the production companies is called quality international films - not since the three-hour "love, lies and murder" (from two short productions) has there been such a "you must be joking" credit.

let me be really clear about this movie. i didn't watch this movie because of the plot, i watch it for the saucy sex scenes. that being said, this movie is so god damn awful i flip between pure joy of seeing a godly body of traci (mandy schaffer) and cringing my eyeballs out for the disaster of a plot.spoiler alert the first scene of the movie already had me cringing.. you see a woman painting something by the lakeside, in pure bliss and serene, then a beautiful girl approach and ask if she could paint beside her. when they both finished, they show each other what they had done... and the woman painted a vineyard when she is facing infront of the lake. what kind of screwball director would make this kind of mistake?? and in another scene, traci gets to kill her teacher's lover by smash him with the sail pole, and then she swims away, and none of the town's police suspected her once. i mean hellooooo? mandy did not wear a glove did she? her finger prints are all over the god damn boat!! after that, it gets worst, whenever mandy is around, there is the "chilling" sound effect played which sounds like a cat in hissy fit. it's also a real pity rosanna arquette's is in this movie. i feel real sorry for her to have to star in this super low budget soft-porn no brainer. same goes for jürgen prochnow, who also has the misfortune to star in this movie. all in all, 2/10.

this can't be mandy schaffer's last film. somebody, do something! :-(argh.what little life this one might have had, the directing finished off. don't blame the cast; they did ok. even the winemaker's younger brother was pretty well done, and he didn't even get into the movie until halfway through. and please, please put mandy in some more movies! she's too beautiful to bury her career at such a young age. ya' breakin' my haht, heah....two specific criticisms, in case anyone cares (apparently nobody liked this movie very much). first, the way traci kept popping up at just the right melodramatic moment, in order to see whatever she was supposed to see, and never got seen in return, was very annoying. hollywood: please stop giving villains perfect timing luck which runs out exactly when the climax arrives. it's dumb. write better scripts so you won't have to use that lame plot device any more. if your script isn't good enough to stand up without that, then don't produce it.second, carmen wouldn't have fallen for that fake injury trick that traci pulled. she already had traci fingered. more bad writing/directing there.i could trash this movie further but mercy forbids it. actually i didn't hate it as much as the others seem to have. it just didn't have much of a reason for being made, unless it was purely a vehicle to show off the lovely mandy. oh, and to whoever didn't think she was sexy... the character wasn't very well written, but how can you say she wasn't sexy?!? one or the other of us needs glasses, and i don't think it's me.more mandy. (not to be confused with "moore, mandy" -- although i'd like to see her again too. ;-)p.s. did i mention i hope mandy makes me more movies? <:-d

geez! this is one of those movies that you think you previously reviewed but you didn't. i mean, you didn't give a crap about it but somehow it came to your mind.to be honest and brief; this is one of the worst, boring, and stupid slashers ever made. i can't say anything good about this piece of crap because there are barely decent sequences that could tell it's made by professional film makers.the death scenes are horrible, bloodless, stupid. the plot is somehow good taking in account that it copied "popcorn" from 1991.to make things even worse, this isn't a movie so bad that it's good. it's just plain bad.molly ringwald tried to do her best but it wasn't enough.

everyone in this movie tells raffy carruthers how talented she is, what a great director she'll one day turn out to be, etc. i think they're just being nice. even kimble rendall, who directed this film, shows more talent than she does. "the next jane campion", they call her; and, even apart from the fact that they're both over-rated, the two have so much in common. they both direct movies. they're both women. they're both australian. (well, give or take.)yep: it's one of those films in which a character is deemed to be brilliant, and we just have to swallow hard and accept it. but i'll say this for carruthers: she's cute. -and fascinating. no, really. here are some thoughts on her lack of talent:(1) part of a director's talent lies in dealing with people. why is carruthers so phenomenally bad at getting her crew to even take notice of her? so as to make it easier for everyone to wander off the set and get killed, i expect.(2) why is this one of the most unconvincing depictions of a movie set i have ever seen? after all, it must have been filmed on a real movie set. how could they get it wrong? if rendall's set was half as much of an under-staffed shambles it's a wonder he completed his film at all.(3) carruthers - the fictional director - has set herself the task of creating a brand new 1980s horror flick. fat chance. i doubt it can be done these days. i suspect that rendall - the actual, and more talented, director - set himself the same task, realised it couldn't be done, and settled for (sigh) knowing parody instead. of course, it's not enough of a parody to work as a parody. as soon as the cast and crew set foot in the isolated mansion the film just spends most of its time doing badly what 1980s horror films did ... well, less badly.(4) and yet, and yet ... the film opens with not a parody but an honest-to-goodness pastiche of 80s horror, starring (this is too good to be true) molly ringwald. this pastiche is much better than anything that follows. (it's a bad sign when you find yourself wishing you were watching the movie-within-the-movie, rather than the movie.) yet it, too, was filmed in the late 1990s. perhaps it is still possible to make 1980s horror. you just have to drop the knowing parody stuff and mean it.(5) i'd never once wondered what 1980s teen horror would be like if all the characters had australian accents, but now i know. and strangely, i'm glad i know. a need i never knew i had has been fulfilled.

this film was made and cast from my home town. i remember the fuss about it and the whole hullabaloo about the fact molly ringwald was in town...storyline...essentially 20 years after a film was "laid to rest" without being finished, a group of film students set out to complete it - with dire consequences. it would seem someone does not want the film completed.the storyline is flimsy. one has to remember that this is a comedy and therefore has to be taken a little tounge in cheek, but it had no real oomph. the characters are mostly transperant and the little info that you recieve about them you just don't care about, it seems irrelevant. it is weird hearing kylie's accent as australian again and nice to see a kid i went to school with in a starring role. but that doesn't redeem the film at all. goodness knows why the makers thought they would get in molly ringwald. perhaps due to the nature of the film (it sort of pays homage to 80s films / bad horror films)but really an aussie actor would have done just fine.as far as casting is concerned a lot of the acting seemed constipated. some of these kids (especially the two main chics - they played "director" and "producer") looked like they were trying to act. that is never a good look. also, the shots had a rough feel about them. over lit perhaps? just not as smooth as one is used to.the killer. lord. could it be less frightening? there are some shock factors though, and a couple of gross scenes. i did like the film, but it was not great. it went for 90 minutes but could have gone for less. perhaps if they had tightened the script it would have been better. they had a lot of characters get killed - but no real build up to them getting slayed. maybe if they had killed less people and actually concentrated on a scary atmosphere it would have been better.now i know it is a comedy and elements were funny. or so unbelieveable they were funny. but i am not convinced.lm.

normally i'm not motivated to write reviews. but this movie was so excruciatingly painful i feel i must. i cringed at the appallingly predictable plot, the lame acting and laughed at moments which were supposed to be tense. indeed most of the audience seemed pretty bored and chatty even at the "most tense" moment of the movie. molly ringwald stood out as the only performance of any merit in a tortured production. even the "twist" at the end wasn't. i've heard it said that the movie didn't take itself seriously; but i could find little evidence of that in the movie.cut should have been left on the cutting room floor. do yourself a favour and spend your time and money on something else!

"cut" is a film about some film students making a film. it's very much in the "scream" mold, an ironic, self-referential horror flick which, for me at least, falls down because for all its irony, it's still just a bad horror film, same as the films its referring to.but it was not without its charms. well, one charm anyway. molly ringwald was fantastic as the spoilt, bitchy american actress hating every minute of working with the amateur australian film crew. she was so convincing that its tempting to believe it wasn't an act, although everyone involved with "cut" says she was lovely to work with. :-)seriously, every scene of her pouting, sulking or snapping was great. everyone else, however, wavered between being ok and being terribly wooden.anyway, "cut" has some laughs, a few buckets of gore (some of it surprisingly gruesome), and ultimately is.. just another bad horror film.

because it is, that's why! this is the same jealous-daughter-kills-people flick we've seen a billion times. rosanna arquette makes anything worth watching, and mandy schaffer's brief nude scene (after teasing via scantily clad attire throughout the film) at the end almost make this trite blarney worthwhile, but not quite.* out of ****

oh man, does this movie ever bite! if you were ever afraid of seeing a rehash of the slasher genre, done as cheap as possible and as cautious at the same time (pc-friendly, means no nudity, a classic element of slasher films) cut is it. every cliche is retread without a hint of self-awareness and the acting. oh, the acting redefines the word horror. i should have known better as the direct dutch translation of the title would have tipped me off.

slasher films are often seen as the derivative, repetitive and frankly unoriginal. i happen to to be a horror movie fan, but this film was just so poor, words fail me. the script is severely lacking, the plot is ridiculous, the acting astoundingly bad. just an all round stinker, that i wasted time of my life on. this had all the entertainment value of a 15th sequel to a film that was dire in the first place. who greenlit this mess?i only liked two things in this movie. the first was the killer's mask - which was nice. the second was the austrailian affinity with humourous profanity.save yourself, and avoid this hideous mess.

slash flicks come few and far between now a days, so when i heard about cut i had high hopes and heard good things about it. those good things i heard were all wrong..very wrong! this flick is bad and i mean bad. it's just plain stupid. everything about it. especially the killer's origin and how he stays alive and how he is taken care of in the end. there is nothing original or outstanding about this flick. just another slasher wannabe with those "hip," "self aware." "movie savvy" characters. i'm so sick of that crap. someone do something different cause the slash genre needs new blood, literally.

this is just a case of a previously worthless island changed into something worthwhile. jesus christ people lets throw a big fit over 2000 islanders big deal.this is just a case of a previously worthless island changed into something worthwhile. jesus christ people lets throw a big fit over 2000 islanders big deal.this is just a case of a previously worthless island changed into something worthwhile. jesus christ people lets throw a big fit over 2000 islanders big deal.this is just a case of a previously worthless island changed into something worthwhile. jesus christ people lets throw a big fit over 2000 islanders big deal.

this movie is a crappy and forgettable sean connery vehicle. the performances are generally crappy especially by capshaw, fishburne, and the usually solid ed harris. connery seems miscast as a harvard academic. the movie absolutely gets worse as it goes along. it is a third rate mystery that becomes extremely contrived by the time it unravels. the movie squanders an excellent supporting cast. george plimpton also turns up in a minor role to add some gravitas to connery as they debate the death penalty. the violence and the atmosphere pepper a third rate mystery/thriller that is manipulation to the highest degree. the scripting and direction are extremely poor. connery's charisma and screen presence are the film's only virtue. manipulative, violent, and ridiculous. 2/10 avoid it.

a pot - boiler if ever i saw one. a supposed thriller borrowing from "a time to kill", "silence of the lambs", even an inverted "in the heat of the night" with a little reverse murder, a la "strangers on a train" thrown in, it fails abysmally where all the above, to a large degree, succeeded. namely, in delivering thrills. the plot seems condensed from a bigger book, making the plot developments obvious and uninvolving, while the direction lacks pace and verve. to rein in any kudos, a major twist had to be delivered along the way and here it fails palpably too. connery is clearly slowing down in his old age, barely bothering with his attempt at a us accent and besides seems too old to be the husband of hope lange and the father of those gosh - darn kids of his. he even has a father in law who seems younger than him. laurence fishburne barely gets the chance to inhabit his role and you're confused from the outset as to whether he's a bad guy or a good guy. someone once said that flashbacks shouldn't lie - they do, confusedly, here. the rest of the playing is merely average by a reasonable cast in their underwritten stereotyped roles. the supposed climax managed too, to roll by leaving me firmly entrenched in the back, not as should have been the aim, front edge of my seat. mediocre sloppy hollywood film making for sure.

sexo cannibal, or devil hunter as it's more commonly known amongst english speaking audiences, starts with actress & model laura crawford (ursula buchfellner as ursula fellner) checking out locations for her new film along with her assistant jane (gisela hahn). after a long days work laura is relaxing in the bath of her room when two very dubious character's named chris (werner pochath) & thomas (antonio mayans) burst in & kidnap her having been helped by the treacherous jane. laura's agent gets on the blower to rent-a-hero peter weston (al cliver) who is informed of the situation, the kidnappers have laura on an isolated island & are demanding a 6 million ransom. peter is told that he will be paid 200,000 to get her back safely & a further 10% of the 6 million if he brings that back as well, faster than a rat up a drain pipe peter & his vietnam vet buddy helicopter pilot jack are on the island & deciding on how to save laura. so, the kidnappers have laura & peter has the 6 million but neither want to hand them over that much. just to complicate things further this particular isolated island is home to a primitive tribe (hell, in all the generations they've lived there they've only managed to build one straw hut, now that's primitive) who worship some cannibal monster dude (burt altman) with bulging eyes as a god with human sacrifices & this cannibal has a liking for young, white female flesh & intestines...this spanish, french & german co-production was co-written & directed by the prolific jesus franco who also gets the credit for the music as well. sexo cannibal has gained a certain amount of notoriety here in the uk as it was placed on the 'video nasties' list in the early 80's under it's alternate devil hunter title & therefore officially classed as obscene & banned, having said that i have no idea why as it is one bad film & even franco, who isn't afraid to be associated with a turkey, decides he wants to hide under the pseudonym of clifford brown. i'd imagine even the most die-hard franco fan would have a hard time defending this thing. the script by franco, erm sorry i mean clifford brown & julian esteban as julius valery who was obviously another one less than impressed with the finished product & wanted his named removed, is awful. it's as simple & straight forward as that. for a start the film is so boring it's untrue, the kidnap plot is one of the dullest i've ever seen without the slightest bit of tension or excitement involved & the horror side of things don't improve as we get a big black guy with stupid looking over-sized bloodshot eyes plus two tame cannibal scenes. as a horror film sexo cannibal fails & as an action adventure it has no more success, this is one to avoid.director franco shows his usual incompetence throughout, a decapitated head is achieved by an actor lying on the ground with large leaves placed around the bottom of his neck to try & give the impression it's not attached to anything! the cannibal scenes are poor, the action is lame & it has endless scenes of people randomly walking around the jungle getting from 'a' to 'b' & not really doing anything when they get there either. it becomes incredibly dull & tedious to watch after about 10 minutes & don't forget this thing goes on for 94 minutes in it's uncut state. i also must mention the hilarious scene when al cliver is supposed to be climbing a cliff, this is achieved by franco turning his camera on it's side & having cliver crawl along the floor! just look at the way his coat hangs & the way he never grabs onto to anything as he just pulls himself along! the gore isn't that great & as far as euro cannibal films go this is very tame, there are some gross close ups of the cannibals mouth as it chews bits of meat, a man is impaled on spikes, there's some blood & a handful of intestines. there's a fair bit of nudity in sexo cannibal & an unpleasant rape scene.sexo cannibal must have had a low budget & i mean low. this is a shoddy poorly made film with awful special effects & rock bottom production values. the only decent thing about it is the jungle setting which at least looks authentic. the music sucks & sound effects become annoying as there is lots of heavy breathing whenever the cannibal is on screen. the acting sucks, the whole thing was obviously dubbed anyway but no one in this thing can act.sexo cannibal is a terrible film that commits the fatal mistake of being as boring as hell. the only good things i can say is that it has a certain sleazy atmosphere to it & those close ups of the cannibal chewing meat are pretty gross. anyone looking for a decent cinematic experience should give sexo cannibal as wide a berth as possible, one to avoid.

the performances of fishbourne (who appears strangely funny somehow) and (short featured)ed harris are remarkable, unlike connery's who doesn't appear to find sense in his role and ends up in the motorial behaviour of a 80yr old man. in fact the screenplay doesn't make sense; imagine a 60 min. happy ending-plot plus a sudden turn appendix without any argumental structure in respect to the characters. it's more an accident than a screenplay and may be good for examination purposes at screen-wrights' schools. the more you remind the details the stronger this impression gets. the capital punishment is not an issue here, although it is a subject from the beginning; it sort of fades away without further comment. the subject-matter and environment could have been good.

1st watched 2/16/2002 - 4 out of 10(dir-arne glimcher): mystery??/thriller with too many ridiculous plot twists. despite the very talented cast this movie is way too predictable and just downright under-estimates it's audience. the movie-going public is not stupid and i hope will not keep filling certain stars pockets again and again despite what they are involved with. we think that this movie is going to be about something with connery's conviction against capitol punishment in the beginning but it turns out to be nothing but a standard, contrived for the audience's sake, run of the mill, let's never get it over with, thriller. we are pulled into every silly switch in character, as they are portrayed to us when it's needed in the story, and we're ready for this thing to be over way before it ends. yes there is some good acting here, especially from blair underwood, fishburne, and ed harris in a psycho-supporting role but the story does not work from almost the beginning to the very long-awaited end.

seems that the cast should ensure at least an average movie. and so i sat down for 102 minutes of unbelief. beside ed harris no-one seems to own the skills of acting. even sean connery, who i normally worship, must have had an off-day during the entire filming of just case. not once in during the whole movie one actor could convince me.this made this movie look cheap and unreal.the story makes up a little. it is thrilling, and the plot is unexpected.conclusion only watch this movie if you really have nothing more useful to do.

as other reviewers have noted the film dies in the last 1/2 hour. however before that it suffers from predictability and a stunningly vapid performance by kate capshaw, who clearly never found her character and ruins every scene she's in. connery is fine as is fishbourne, but most scenes are manipulated for effect rather than truth which overlays the entirety with a sense of unreality. and the ending is simply bizarre. the film makers apparently knew when they pieced this mess together that all they needed were sweet potatoes and pumpkin pie to have thanksgiving dinner, so to compensate they added an overloud "dramatic" score. every little jump is accompanied by a crescendo of orchestration, to the point where it becomes laughable. if you want an example of major league bad film this is one to see, otherwise skip it.

look carefully at the wonderful assortment of talent put together to make this movie: connery, fishburne, capshaw, harris, underwood, beatty, thigpen, even cameos by slezak, lange, and plimpton. they prove, in spades, the adage that a good cast cannot save a bad script. the story line requires so many leaps of faith from the audience that its implausibility should have exceeded even hollywood standards. it's not particularly original, and the "twists" are downright cruel.

watched this film having really enjoyed gregory's girl many years ago. this was drivel. the plot was vaguely distasteful with the teacher and his friend perving over 14-15-year-old girls in very short skirts. previous commenters seem to think that this doesn't matter, but i found it rather nasty. if you have children at school then the last thing you want is to think that every youngish teacher is lusting after his pupils. we were surprised that the censor let that through. apart from that the film was just a waste of time. the script was poor and john gordon sinclair trying too hard to recreate his schoolboy image, slightly wacky and off the wall. why anyone would want to lust after him in this performance is incredible. this film failed on all counts for me. dreadful. please don't waste your time watching it. life's too short

first of all my heartfelt commiserations to anyone who bought a cinema ticket in the hope of seeing a film in the same mould as the fantastic gregory's girl and local hero but ended up leaving the theatre feeling disappointed and vaguely cheated. while it's true that sequels are usually, bar a few notable exceptions, a mistake and exist merely to provide studio executives with an opportunity to cash in on the success of a previous film by offering us either a thinly disguised retread of the original story or a plot line so far removed from the intentions of the original that the resulting film makes no sense. in the case of gregory's two girls, bill forsyth has the dubious honour of managing to commit both sins - on the one hand revisiting the plot of gregory's girl, while at the same time serving up a frankly incredible and moronic storyline involving scottish arms dealers. schoolboy gregory is now a teacher at the same school where at the tender age of sixteen, he harboured a hopeless passion for the football playing dorothy. although now thirty five, gregory still harbours a hopeless passion but now for the football playing frances, also sixteen, despite the fact that music teacher, bel has made it clear that she is attracted to him. his passion for frances and his desire to impress her lead to his involvement in a scheme to expose a local arms dealer who also happens to be an old schoolfriend. there's no point in going any further as the rest of the story is forgettable and the ending makes no real sense at all. the main problem lies with the character of gregory himself, in that there is no sign of the endearing and charming sixteen year old gregory who actively and comically pursues dorothy convinced that he would eventually win her over. at thirty five, gregory is presented to us as a rather sad and friendless creature whose life is neither active nor comic. outside of work his time is spent watching videos of noam chomsky and reading magazines about international injustices. as his friends and family from the previous film have seemingly vanished, save two pointless scenes with his younger sister, who no longer offers him advice or seems at all interested in his life, we are left confused about what it is gregory really wants, who he is and why he is the way he is. why for example is he friendless? why does he never see his father, who is clearly still alive? why has he returned to teach at the school he once attended? why is he so interested in noam chomsky and injustice? why has he become so apathetic? why is he attracted to frances? why isn't he attracted to bel until the last twenty minutes of the film? what in heaven's name do bel or frances see in him as he is neither drop dead gorgeous or even interesting? why does he continue to try and impress frances even after he and bel have become an item and when their association threatens to completely disrupt his life? are we really to believe that a scottish arms dealer openly selling weapons of torture to oppressive regimes could manage to evade media scrutiny but fall foul of a couple of school-kids? does gregory really think that dumping a handful of computers into the sea will change anything? to make matters worse, actor john gordon sinclair attempts to rehash his performance as the adolescent gregory right down to the facial expressions and awkward body language. unfortunately on a thirty five year old it just comes across as odd and vaguely creepy. on top of that, it's hard to feel any sympathy for, or empathy with a teacher who has erotic dreams involving sex with one of their uniform wearing pupils while they both lie on a pile of gym mats. rather than being amusing it simply smacks of paedophilia. it's hard to know what was going through bill forsyth's head when he wrote this script or why he thought fans of the original film would embrace a story so completely lacking in the charm, wit and warmth that turned the first movie into a classic. i can only assume that the plan was to craft a film about a man who was refusing to grow up and commit to adult life and perhaps whose happiest memory was of being sixteen and pursuing the best looking girl in the school but who by degrees is forced to accept that a life lived in the past is no life at all.that at least could have been the basis of a film which was thematically interesting and intelligent. as it is gregory's two girls adds up 116 wasted and pointless minutes saying nothing and signifying even less. gregory's girl was responsible for launching bill forsyth's career, here's hoping that gregory's two girls won't be responsible for sinking it.

as one of the few commentators not to have seen the 1st film, i found this to be a very disappointing movie.yes, it has a funny awkward type of humour if you can bear the (highly) morally dubious premise. however, it fails abysmally in the important areas.there is thin and nonsensical plot line involving gordon sinclair's generous friend who may or may not be entwined in a conspiracy to supply dangerous electronics to third world countries - possibly in free computers ... or possibly not. vague, long-winded and inconclusive. the lack of any substantial ending is so infuriating and what is present is pompous and wholly illogical. the film feels half-finished.suspension of disbelief is extremely difficult when witnessing a very attractive female teacher (maria doyle kennedy) can be drawn to gordon sinclair's unimpressive character, especially when he fends off her advances. laughable. it worsens later in the film when he achieves his romantic ambitions then throws it all away for some ideals based on very little evidence of ambiguous value.not many films leave me feeling cheated, but i felt my time was stolen.

terry west had a good idea w\ this movie. he just didn't flesh it thru. there are endless shots of the creepy looking school's exteriors that go on forever and probably to pad the film's running time. also at this school there are only 2 students. misty mundae is good as usual but this film will always belong to ruby larocca (which is the only reason to watch the film in the beginning). if the script centered on her interesting character we'd have a movie to watch. she is so gorgeous!! good news for dvd buyers, terry west's earlier (and better) film "blood for the muse" is a special feature. one thing i'd like to say is that this movie feels like someone who's not good at delivering the punch line at the end of a long joke for the ending feels that very same way. then again, just watch this for ruby larocca.

some films are so bad that they're good. this is clearly not one of them. based on a true story, this film was about as true to the story as pinocchio's chances of becoming a real boy. the acting was terrible, the direction was poor, and it travelled way too fast. it was as if the director just wanted to get it over and done with and go home.nor did melissa joan hart ever strike me as a talented actress, but then every film she made was pretty low-budget anyway. like most of her other films, she lets down her characters by hamming them up too much, talking too quickly as if speeding up her words is going to make her more dramatic. she really brings out the sense that there is a crew in front of her and she's talking to a camera, when she should be engaging the viewer in her character. it pretty much lets down the whole film, and any leg that it may have had left to stand on, is ruined.probably the only good thing about the film is when she got nailed in the end. but even that wasn't satisfying enough to subdue my loathing for such a bad film.watch it if your taste in film is blander than a piece of dry toast.

i'd heard about this movie a while ago from a friend and she recently got it on dvd. there was a lot of anticipation and excitement as we'd both heard that this was a terrifying film, really scary. how disappointed was i?? very!!!! apart from that one scene (we all know which bit) nothing happened!!! i was expecting to see the woman in black a few times and for her to do a few more jumpy scenes, like appear at the window or walk across the hall or something.nearly all the reviews here say what a scary, gripping, atmospheric movie this is. i just didn't see it i'm afraid. maybe there's a difference in what people find scary in the us to here in britain.a big let down after all the hyped reviews :(

roeg has done some great movies, but this a turkey. it has a feel of a play written by an untalented high-school student for his class assignment. the set decoration is appealing in a somewhat surrealistic way, but the actual story is insufferable hokum.

our teacher showed us this movie in first grade. i haven't seen it since. i just watched the trailer though. does this look like a first grade movie to you? i don't think so. i was so horrified by this movie, i could barely watch it. it was mainly the scene with shirley mcclain cutting that little girl in half, and then there was the boy with ketchup! i was freaked out by this film. now today, being 20, i probably would not feel that way. i just wanted to share my experience and opinion that maybe small children shouldn't see this movie, even though it's pg. be aware of the possible outcomes of showing this to kids. i don't even remember what it was about, once was enough!

in the days before gore and sex took over, real horror films were made. castle of blood is, in my estimation, one of the finest, although other reviewers have given it mixed ratings. in an odd sort of way it reminds of the more recent the others, which was in the theaters a couple of years ago.director antonio margheriti remade his own picture in 1970 titling it this time web of the spider (aka nella stretta morsa del ragno). why he did this i do not understand, although the remake starred anthony franciosa and klaus kinski and was very good in its own right. perhaps he saw a good story and wished to tailor it more to american audiences. i do not really know. it is interesting that he did the original in black and white and the remake in color.castle of blood is excellent italian gothic. la danza macabra is said to be an unpublished work of edgar allen poe, who "appears" in this film. poe and lord blackwood, owner of a haunted castle, bet american writer alan foster (george riviere) that he cannot spend all souls night in said castle and survive. foster eagerly accepts the bet but soon regrets it, for he is witness to a series of murders committed by ghosts. it seems that the ghosts come back to life once every few years but are doomed to re-enact the crimes they committed in life. lord blackwood conveniently forgot to tell foster that his blood is needed for them to resurrect themselves on the next all souls night! it does not take foster and the beautiful elisabeth blackwood (portrayed by the incomparable barbara steele) long to fall in love, even though their romance is doomed, because elisabeth is one of the ghosts. i will not give the ending away, but will just say that castle of blood is every bit a romantic tragedy as it is a horror story. comments. this film is greatly atmospheric, even by the excellent standards of the italians. my personal opinion is they do true horror better than anybody, and the somewhat dim black and white filming only enhances this. in fairness, web of the spider was fine in its own right, even with color and greater brightness. i loved the lingering shots, something most modern day directors do not have the patience for. indeed, when alan first enters the doomed castle, we are treated to several minutes of him doing nothing but roaming around from room to room, the dread ands unease building in his face and mannerisms. by the time the first ghost appears, the audience is thoroughly primed and ready. there is wonderful dialogue between alan and the ghosts, something else not often done in standard ghost stories. there are also memorable scenes, very visual for this type of film. elisabeth's "murder" and the dance scene (reminds somewhat of the similar dance of the ghouls in 1962's carnival of souls) were particularly good.sadly, few general interest viewers will ever hear of, much less see, this film. that is a shame, for this one is a cut above the rest. i got my copy from sinister cinema and am not certain if it can be purchased anywhere else. for persons interested in this genre, it is a must see.

first of all, i would just like to say to everyone who has seen this movie, that the actor who played the "transvestite" is one of my friends, his name is robert dugdale, he's a terrific actor, although it doesn't say much about his filmography, he's been in several plays and musicals. he is currently residing in terrace b.c. that is where i am from, he comes over to our house almost every saturday *laughs* okay, now about the movie, i wouldn't recomend this to anyone who hasn't seen it, for it is not a movie worth watching, the main reason i found it to be a bad movie is it never stays in place, it keeps bouncing back between time, so kinda hard to follow at some points, and second, its really boring *laughs* although the acting is great, the movie just doesn't compare.

although bette davis did a wonderful job as mildred, i felt that the film wasn't the best i had seen. at the end of the movie i was left feeling like there was something missing in it.bette davis did a perfect job, though, and she made me hate her and pity her all the while. leslie howard did very good as the lovelorn philip carey, and i so pitied him throughout the movie for being in love with such a horrible dame. it's such a sad thing when one finds him/herself in love with a bad seed. and especially if it's someone like philp carey, who is a sensitive person, though pathetic.in the end, the acting was what came through and not the plot. the ending scene was particularly good, but i am not one to give it away. although others may find this movie good, i was one who found it so-so. i should recommend this movie to those who like a bad seed so they can see what may happen to them if they find themselves in love with that horrible person.

w. somerset maugham's of human bondage is supposed to be a english language classic. if so, much must have been missing from the film version here. phillip's (leslie howard) attraction to mildred (bette davis) is so utterly inexplicable as to make the scenario seem like the post-breakup retelling of a relationship from the man's point of view. being a family lawyer i've heard many such accounts; the man depicts himself as noble and always correct, and the woman is a hellion who has had no other objective than to exploit the man.indeed, unless one is willing to laugh at the social assumptions of the film maker, this is an uncomfortable movie to watch. phillip even indulges mildred when she brings over a baby of indeterminate paternity, but the real high point comes when phillip allows mildred - enraged and now of dubious sanity - the free run of his flat, with predictable results. bette davis was attractive for about five years of her life, but that period didn't occur here. in fact, by the end of the movie she looks a lot like the baby jane character she would play thirty years later.i note how howard's character is always impeccably dressed and groomed. it tells me that phillip craves middle class respectability. someone like that could not run from a woman with a course cockney accent fast enough. phillip is, for most of the movie, a student; such a person would have been more believable if he had been younger, and had the disheveled looks that bespeak the low income and the low self esteem that often accompanies student status - an english raskolnikov, as it will. and balanced that by allowing mildred a modicum of charm.

there's a lot the matter with helen and none of it's good. shelley winters and debbie reynolds play mothers of a pair of leopold & loeb like killers who move from the mid-west to hollywood to escape their past. reynolds, a starstruck jean harlow wannabe, opens a dance studio for children and winters is her piano player. soon winters (as helen) begins to crack up. it's all very slow going and although there are moments of real creepiness (nasty phone calls, a visit from wino timothy carey), the movie is devoid of any real horror. nevertheless, it's still worthy entertainment. the acting divas are fine and the production values are terrific. a music score by david raskin, cinematography by lucien ballard and oscar-nominated costumes contribute mightily. with this, a place in the sun and lolita to her credit, does anyone do crazy as well as winters? directed by curtis harrington, a master at this type of not quite a-movie exploitation. in addition to carey, the oddball supporting cast includes dennis weaver, agnes moorehead (as a very aimee semple mcpherson like evangelist), yvette vickers and micheál macliammóir (the irish orson welles) as hamilton starr, aptly nicknamed hammy.

the film is almost laughable with debbie reynolds and shelley winters teaming up as the mothers of convicted murderers. with the horrible notoriety after the trial, the two women team up and leave n.y. for california in order to open and song and dance studio for shirley temple-like girls.from the beginning, it becomes apparent that reynolds has made a mistake in taking winters with her to california. winters plays a deeply religious woman who increasingly seems to be going off her rocker. to make matters worse, the women who live together, are receiving menacing phone calls. reynolds, who puts on a blond wig, is soon romanced by the wealthy father of one of her students, nicely played by dennis weaver.agnes moorehead, in one of her last films, briefly is seen as sister alma, who winters is a faithful listener of.the film really belongs to shelley winters. she is heavy here and heaviness seemed to make her acting even better. winters always did well in roles testing her nerves.the ending is of the macabre and who can forget winters at the piano banging away with that totally insane look?

debbie reynolds toe-taps, tangos and, yes, tap-dances her way through this ordinary thriller which has a distinctly fabricated '30s atmosphere. two ladies, brought together when their sons commit a murder, try starting their lives over by running a tap-dance school for tots in hollywood. trouble is, one of them is plagued by neuroses. can you imagine this thing 10 years earlier with robert aldrich directing bette davis and joan crawford...? nahh, bette never would have allowed joan so much screen-time to strut her stuff, and i can't imagine bette davis in the other role, tap-dancing her heart out. this is a purely bogus piece of macabre, written by a slumming henry farrell (whose idea of a good "shock" is to stage the mass-murder of a group of rabbits!). not an ounce of honest fun in the whole tepid package. *1/2 from ****

i saw this film at sxsw with the director in attendance. quite a few people walked out, and the audience could barely muster even polite applause at the end. of the 60 or 70 films i've seen at this festival, frownland is among the worst.at 106 minutes, it is at least 95 minutes too long. you get to watch the main character's failed and drawn out attempts to communicate, in extended real time. the same grimaces, hand over mouth motions, kinetic and frantically repeated words and syllables over and over and over again - we get the point.one site actually compares this work to early mike leigh. what drugs would you have to be on to make that statement? given that frownland is a captain beefheart song, maybe you'd have to be able to enjoy trout mask replica on heavy rotation to appreciate this film. unbelievably, this won a jury award at the festival. you can bet it did not win an audience award.

i never thought i see a movie worse than "lisa picard is famous", but this came pretty close. as repeated often throughout the comments, it was predictable; five minutes into the movie you know it will be a stranded at the alter outcome. this movie painfully references/rips off everything from "something about mary" to "revenge of the pink panther". writer greg glienna (meet the parents) needs some new material.the only twist is the deranged boyfriend/police officer pursued by internal affairs, but even that opportunity is wasted. lots of setting shots of the seattle space needle necessary to disguise the obvious canadian shooting locale. some of the worst driving in the car scenes with almost no effort to disguise the fact that the car is being pulled through town on a trailer. geez, at least turn the wheel or put the brakes on once in a while. selma blair is inert and the short haircut a crime. $3m to jason lee, for what? guess it beats skateboarding!so here's who should see this movie: bee gees fans who want to hear two actors sing 'islands in the stream' badly; people who can't get enough of julia stiles. 1/10

this was one of the most boring movies i've ever seen… i don't really know why… just your run-of-the-mill stories about guy who is about to get married, and starts to fancy someone else instead. story has been told a thousand times. nothing new or innovative about it at all.i don't really know what was wrong with this film. most of the time when these kinds of actors/actresses get together to make a film that have already been made a million times before, it's really entertaining. there are usually little clever thing in them that aren't really in any other. for some reason, this one just doesn't hold your attention. you can pick out some funny parts, or clever ideas in it, but for some reason they're just not funny, nor clever in any way… i wish i new how to explain it, but i don't… just don't waste your time on this one…

i think jason lee has huge potential, but this was the wrong vehicle in which to attempt to break out as a star. the plot is awful, the comedy is awful. i laughed twice, i think for relief, because in retrospect, they were fairly lame jokes. i found myself scared for the future of fletch, and had to console myself that it was the film that was flawed, not lee.julia stiles and selma blair are hot, but i recommend looking at the still photos on this website to figure that out, instead of this film. save your time. 1 star.

julia stiles is a talented young actress, who with guidance from a reputable agent has a lot of potential. obviously, the person who guided her into this travesty is not someone who cares anything about her career. i sat in the theater surrounded by teenagers who left in droves to find another movie to sneak into wondering who thought this movie would appeal to anyone. it was poorly written, the casting director could only have put 1 or 2 minutes of effort into the characters and the director obviously didn't care.

the only redemption was the small part by larry miller. it seemed that the movie was trying too hard to be "something about mary," but i didn't even like that movie and it still fell short of those standards. the actor who plays paul was great, but selma blair is stuck in the stupidity of her cruel intentions character. james brolin was great, but paul's father seemed like he was trying too hard to be the randy quaid character from the national lampoon's vacation movies.

"a guy thing" tries to capture the feeling of "there's something about mary" or "meet the parents" but comes off more like it was edited up out of cutting-room rejects of those two films. thankfully i rented it on a 5-day rental because i couldn't sit and watch more than 20 minutes at a time.the premise is decent and i liked the scenes where other guys automatically cover up for paul's missteps (the checker at the save-mart was great) but the script-writing is absolutely horrible. the dialog falls flat most of the time and just when you think that things are finally going to get on track some needless sight-gag is stuck in for no good reason. plus how many toilet jokes does one movie really need?don't get me wrong, slapstick humor is great when it's smartly done as in the other films i mentioned, but this movie simply misses the mark. too bad as i love julia stiles (ten things i hate about you was great) but even that couldn't help me sit through this terrible movie. save your dollars and go rent "there's something about mary" one more time.

i had hoped this movie was going to be mildly entertaining, like other sorts of its genre. however, it was lame and i didn't find myself laughing very much. watch it on hbo, maybe, or if you've got a free rental to waste and you need a movie to pass the time. but i don't recommend paying to see it.the plot is simple and straightforward, and it could have been funny, maybe, if the script was better. jason lee can be hilarious, and he gets a few laughs here and there, but the movie falls flat. just don't go see this one. the directing is lackluster, but for what it is, directing isn't that important. i guess its main drawback is that it is just not very funny. see something else, don't waste your time here.

what a terrible, terrible, film! one of the worst movies i have seen in my life. i usually love movies like this, the whole "a guy meets an eccentric woman who he likes, but he happens to already be involved with someone, who not right for him....". i expected something predictable and i didn't mind. the movies are always entertaining mixing the right amount of romance with comedy, but not this one! every single joke falls flat and the "romance" makes me want to vomit. the title character is one of the most "please kill me" characters that i have ever witnessed on my television, the "eccentric woman" isn't very eccentric, more like quirky and annoying. the "other someone" is the most reasonable, mature person in this film but also happens to be just as annoying. this films flat out sucks, there's no way around it, don't waste your time.

jason lee does his best to bring fun to a silly situation, but the movie just fails to make a connect. perhaps because julia stiles character seems awkward as the conniving and sexy soon to be cousin-in-law. maybe it is because she and selma blair's characters should have been cast the opposite way. (selma blair seems more conniving than julia would be).either way this movie is yet another hollywood trivialization of a possibly real world situation (that being getting caught with your pants out at your bachelor party not stooping your cousin), which while having promise fails to deliver.there are some laughs to be sure and the cast (even if miscast) do their best with sub grade material which doesn't transcend its raunchy topic. so instead of getting a successful raunch fest (ie animal house or american pie) we are left with a middle ground of part humor and part stupidity (ala meatballs 2 or something).

i'm not a big fan of rom/coms at the best of times. a few have been quite good (check of dream for an insomniac), but this one is just more of the same but less.with a running time of 100min, i expect more than 1 laugh every 30mins. the only real belly laugh are when male strangers and friends instinctively help out lee's character.all i can say is avoid. i guarantee there is at least 10 other movies on the shelf that deserve you $$3 of out 10 (and only cos i'm a big lee fan)

oh it really really is. i've seen films that i disliked more, due to whatever reason, but never have i seen a film that just fails in every single aspect of film making. it even fails to fail at film making, in a way the hercules in new york could be said to do. it's not the film i like the least, but it is the very worst film i've ever seen.the acting is the first thing that strikes you. i've never seen a worse acted film outside of pornography. in fact i've plenty of pornographic films that are acted a damn site better than this. it really is awful.technically, it's terrible. the camera-work is amateurish. the editing is nonsensical. i presume they couldn't afford proper sound equipment, and this meant that every scene in a car (and there's a lot of them) has them driving at about three miles per hour and every scene set outside by the same patch of woods (and there's a lot of them too) is actually dubbed from a studio, again lending more to the bad porn vibe.the plot is nonsensical, as many have pointed out. i'll defend vampires walking in daylight by the fact that despite it being popularized by nosferatu, this was never originally an intrinsic part of the vampire mythos.speaking of vampire mythos, the writer had evidently read carmilla, or at very least seen the vampire lovers. i'm not sure how i feel about this, swaying from impressed that a movie this dire has at least some aspirations to a gothic novel i'm very fond of; or annoyed by its at best sledgehammer references and at worst total desecration of source material. at very least 'the general' is an insult to peter cushing though.it gets two stars however, merely because i can't bring myself to vote one star for a film that has, or at least purports to have, both vampires and zombies in it. incidentally i watched lifeforce (another film that tenuously has vampires and zombies in it) on the same day as this, and despite being a rather flawed film itself, really comes out a masterpiece compared to this.so in the end, this is not a film so bad it's good, or so bad it's in any way enjoyable, even drunk. it's just a mess, and worth no-one's time watching.

this is probably the best horror film made since ed wood died. i can't spoil the ending, because i have absolutely no idea what happened. i'll try my best, though. there are some kind of lesbian vampires, but they keep swapping bodies, so any character might or might not be the character you're supposed to think it is, or it might be a lesbian vampire. sound confusing? it's not as confusing as you might think, since none of the characters make any sense to begin with. there's no plot, no character development, and random people show up, speak a few lines, and then disappear, never to be heard from again. there are also zombies, who are *possibly* the enemies of the vampires, but there's also a dream-within-a-dream kind of sequence in a mental hospital, so maybe none of this actually happened, and it's all the main character's hallucination. the upside? both of the lead girls take their shirts off briefly. the special effects are simply mind-boggling (i particularly liked the incredibly slow, awkward fight sequences). everyone has a really silly canadian accent, which adds to the general level of hilarity. well worth the price of rental. we laughed until we cried.

first off i must stress how rare it is that i take the time to comment on a movie that i have seen, it takes a very special case for me to take the time and write about how i felt about a film. that said, of the hundreds of movies i have watched i have seen some of the most brilliant, shawshank, the scariest, the woman in black, the funniest, shark attack iii: megaladon, and now the worst: vampires vs. zombies.the first thing that must be said is that this movie is not funny! for those that are looking for a light hearted movie that will just be fun or at the very least so bad that it's funny, look elsewhere. it is true that a movie such as this is not trying to be subtle and brilliant, with a title such as this you should know what you're getting into. that said, there is no excuse for a movie to abandon any and every rule that governs the movie making world. this is not an argument between the traditional movie making process and newer and more "artsy" methods to creating a film, this is an argument between bad directors and companies being held accountable for making terrible movies.this movie suffers from the over used saying "i don't know where to start." truly everything about this movie is broken. from the acting and to the editing there is no reason any movie should ever fail to deliver a cohesive series of events such as vampires vs. zombies. some of the following problems are; 1. scene misfires- it's clear that the director, the camera crew and the actors were not on the same page. in one scene in particular the scene begins with the camera resting on the ground looking at the passenger side door of a car. you are expecting the person inside to get out, but there is a, and this is no exaggeration, 10 second, at least, delay between the camera comes on and the director says "action" to where anything happens on screen. the viewer is left staring at a car door for the entire time with no sound, no movement, just the stereotypical "dead air" that radio or tv commentators dread. where was the editing? 2. acting- a forgivable offense in most cases, you can't expect a movie like this to have oscar winners after all, but vampires vs. zombies takes bad acting to a whole other level. these "actors" were barely able to read their scripts obviously because anyone with any ability to read and to speak would have been able to pronounce the lines better than these fools. my only comparison for acting would have to be the opening scene from resident evil on playstation. but that acting was even better.3- story- wait, what? story? again you can't expect this to be the greatest story ever told, but is it too much to ask that we have some semblance of a narrative? why the vampires? who are the characters? who are the bad guys? are there good guys? why all the lesbians? but most importantly, what's the deal with the zombies? if you have seen this movie then you will understand what i mean, but to those who haven't i'll be plain, there are no zombies in this movie aside from maybe five minutes of it. it was almost as if the director forgot about the name of the movie and was forced to throw some zombies in without explanation at the very end.there's so much more, but i hope i've done enough to keep anyone from seeing this movie.

i really have no idea how to comment on this movie. the special effects were lackluster, the acting was terrible and if there was a plot to it all, it was on the back of the box. i don't think i can remember a movie being this bad in a long time, and i'm a big fan of lesbian sex and boobies!! ;) even that couldn't save this movie from being just a terrible excuse to pay someone to stand (or lay in this case) in front of a camera.i was pretty much let down by the overall "zombie" effect. since apparently in this movie, zombies are so commonplace that running over a couple here and there, and casually talking about it at a gas station (one with an in-house windshield repair but no interior bathroom), the zombie-movie genre isn't even a factor until the end. even then, a cameo by a dozen zombies ripping off a girl's clothes doesn't really constitute being a zombie movie.on to the vampires: apparently all the zombies are male and all the vampires are female, which is ok by me. i'm not sure how vampires are out in the daylight, or the why/how of a soldier vampire came to be standing in the middle of the road, still holding his gun with a stake through his heart, just waiting for the queen of the vampires to flick it all the way through. the last segment in the old nunnery made no sense, and when one hot lesbian vampire asks the other hot lesbian vampire "do you think we did the right thing?" by killing the two apparent heroes in the movie, that about put it over the top.the acting and special effects were at an all-time low also. you could almost see the hoses that the fake blood was pumped out of during the closeup of the zombie who got ran over by the general. speaking of the general, where did they find this kenny rogers look-alike anyways? no idea what he was the general of, aside of generally confusing and misplaced.all in all, watch the movie if you have nothing better to do or if you have the strong urge to waste $3. just my $0.02.

vampires vs. zombies wasn't the original title. it was actually... nasty lesbian semi-vampires and two zombies getting hit by cars: special guest appearances by bob the lesbian gypsie-witch and her dog, random woman with special powers and the catholic school girl short skirt zombie choir. also on the box: warning: no plot- only the writer and director will understand the end, or anything else in this movie.seriously though, i love bad movies. i love vampires. i love zombies. hell, i even enjoy the lesbians. this movie combined all three with a vague and confusing (or non-existent) plot, horrendous (i mean really bad) dialogue, and random stuff and people that have nothing to do with anything (or do they... i didn't know what in the world was going on). oh, and i can't forget the green oatmeal 'zombies' in latex gloves (yes, the film makers were so cheap they couldn't even cover their zombies hands in oatmeal and paint). any way, the result was this excruciatingly bad film, if you could even call it that. was the end supposed to not make sense? the vampire was really nurse and the other girl was really a mental patient? where were the vampires vs. zombies? hell, where were the vampires at all... you really couldn't call any of the girls vampires. whatever. don't ever rent or buy this movie. if you are really curious... okay, i'll understand. seriously, even lovers of bad movies won't be able to stand this one. it should be number 1 on the bottom 100.

ok, i knew this would be a back alley f-film (well below b-film standards) going into it, so i thought, "man, i could use a good laugh, so let's see some nether-beings kill each other." well, what i got could have been found at your local "love toy" store. random lesbian scenes, very little fighting, and no plot.for example, one scene in particular i remember (for its sheer stupidity only; i've seen better porn on abc) is where the two main characters (i can't remember their names offhand...great movie, huh?) are driving along, as they mostly did, and the driver was tired of driving and stopped:driver: "let's pull over, i'm tired. you want to take over?" passenger: "sure, i can drive for a while." (once pulled over, the driver starts grabbing the passenger's boobs) passenger: "what are you doing? i'm not like that!" driver: "it's ok, everyone does it sometime." passenger: "ok then." (proceed to take off shirts, fondle, kiss, and perform fellatio)now, last time i checked, horror films were not in the porn section of hollywood video (unless you're into s&m, then you go elsewhere), and it definitely shouldn't be in the mainstream videos at blockbuster. don't get me wrong; i'm definitely not one of those people who hate porn, but i only watch it when appropriate and definitely don't want to watch it if i'm looking for a movie in the mainstream stores, as this one i rented was at one of the two retailers i named (and probably at the other too if i went and looked).worst movie ever, no one should rent it, and it should only be bought for a public burning ceremony. if i could give it a 0, i would, but i can only give it a * of 10.

yes, this movie is bad. what's worse is that it takes no advantage whatsoever of its own title!! in the entire movie, zombies and vampires fight each other once or twice. on top of that, we're never really sure if the main character in the movie is definitely a vampire. one might argue they were trying to "tone it down" or make it "realistic," but it ends up just boring. more than half of this movie takes place in a car. the scenes that take place anywhere else aren't much to brag about, either. also, there's no clear antagonist, and in the end you have no idea what really happened for the last 30 minutes of the movie. however, i will say that for a film this low in production value, the soundtrack was surprisingly appropriate and instrumented (with either an origonal score or sampled music from elsewhere). i'm all for independent films, but it doesn't look like this was ever intended for a mass audience (if any). "worse than scarecrow slayer."

this was recently on amc's vibrant movie classics and i had to laugh. i had high hopes for this adventure that follows in the vein of "voyage to the earth's core" and "mysterious island". i was sorely disappointed not only in the acting credentials but in the silly story line that reads from a five year old's comic book. be sure to catch sight of the wires that are holding on to the pterdactyl's wings when they grasp "ogar" a half idiot pre-modern man who befriends the lost adventurers. the ending left it open for further rehashing of the same effects in "people that time forgot". don't waste your time.

this isn't one of those reviews about poor special effects or technology, or being dated, issues that only the dorkiest people could relate with, but rather a review on the story telling, which most of us are truly interested in.the plot is about a combination of wwii allied and german navy members, and two civilians (the hero and heroine), who are thrust together on a german u boat and wind up in a savage land of dinosaurs.the manipulations aren't so bad by film standards, and we know from the plot that realism isn't going to be high. what films like this need are credible and likable characters, along with some semblance of reason in the actions.this film lacks both. for a full length film, only 6 characters are given any time, and 3 of them are barely looked into. mcclure's hero is beyond "routine", and doesn't make much sense in any era.the female seems to be looking for an answer to a riddle about the land of dinosaurs they entered, but the riddle is not much of a riddle, and we could care less.a lot of failure in a film that should have been better, even for its time.

this is an amateur movie shot on video, not an "electrifying drama" as the dvd liner notes falsely boast. i have seen much better stuff from undergrad film students. the bulk of the story unfolds with an all-nite taxi ride around jakarta. this movie could have been made using a single video camera, but there are a few sections where two cameras were used and the content was bounced together later. the editing is extremely rough. the final edit was probably done with two cameras, bouncing content back and forth, instead of with a proper editor. perhaps they did the editing in the taxi too? the english subtitles were written by someone not fluent in english, e.g., "where you go now?" to say the production quality is on a par with blair witch is generous. if you're not scared away yet, this film was an ambitious and creative endeavor, with lots of cool and funky images from all over jakarta.

a short review but...avoid at all costs, a thorough waste of 90mins. at the end of the film i was none the wiser as to what had actually happened. it's full of cameos (stephen fry (3mins), jack dee (30 secs), the "philadelphia" girls) and some vaguely recognisable people but it just doesn't make any sense. whether the story just got lost in the edit i don't now but jeez...put on a dvd instead or go to bed and get some rest!!!2 out of 10 (for the cameos and a morris minor car chase)

quite possibly. how francis veber, one of the best comedy directors in the world (at least when sticking to his native france), managed to turn in a film so completely unwatchable is beyond the reason of mere mortal man to discern. it's not just that the characters are so unlikeable or that the film is so utterly devoid of even the lowest form of wit: it's genuinely physically painful to watch, such an endless parade of inept writing, acting and film-making that you cannot believe this is the work of experienced - and talented - filmmakers. for once the near-eternity spent in the cutting room and on the shelf before its blink-and-you'll-miss-it theatrical release tells the whole story. what were they thinking?

for those of us that lived thru those weeks of filming in town and around the valley - lest we not forget the tedious days of road closures and "film-making". as a reminder to those that live here - locales include boulder creek, bonny doon, davenport, big basin. etc. the bank was the bc firehouse; chase scenes included moon drive off hwy 236, empire grade rd, and hwy 1.production: jeffrey jones was the most approachable, matt broderick was above us all - even back then. as far as the film goes - a joke of a script and even a bigger laugh regarding acting and plot - but who cares at this level. a nice time capsule for those that enjoy our coast and valley scenery.additional notes; joe's bar (jed's tavern in the film), original name of the film was welcome to buzzsaw - the old erba's parking lot was the town square, the backyard shots were off of grove street in boulder creek; turn off the thinking cap and see a few actors in their early days.

this is the weakest of the series, not much of a plot and a rather odd-looking wallace. but it's still pretty good, considering. a sign of greater things to come!6/10

star rating: ***** the works **** just misses the mark *** that little bit in between ** lagging behind * the pits in this debut effort for nick park's beloved man and dog, they are forced to fly to the moon when good old wallace runs out of cheese.as well as being the shortest feature at just 22 minutes, this w/g adventure is also the earliest and it kinda shows. the plasticine animation is a little creaky and funny here, sort of reminiscent of the mork animation about the little man in the box.admirable though the craftsmanship behind it is, i've never actually been hugely into wallace & gromit (maybe a bit too clean and traditional for someone of my generation.) the only one i've really enjoyed is the wrong trousers (and that was more from when i was younger and less aware of, shall we say, the seedier pleasures of life.) i was driven to actively seek out this early effort due to the resurgence in popularity as a result of the hugely successful recent film adaptation.as technically impressive as the first two (all things considered!) this one lacks the emotional angle it's successors were to possess. that being said, it's fairly good fun as a first try and certainly set the standard for greater things to come. two stars, but a good two stars. **

this movie is another christian propaganda film in the line of the omega code. not that that is necessarily bad but for the fact that most propaganda films sacrifice sincerity and realism for the message they wish to deliver. if you enjoy a styrofoam portrayal of life on the streets and the way the gospel can change a life, than perhaps you may enjoy this movie. i say, save your money and rent the cross and the switchblade or the mission. when will christian directors learn that sometimes people say bad words? it was frustrating to see criminals depicted who are not allowed to swear (huh? criminals say bad words?) and flat characters i really could not relate to. also, it would've been great if the movie had shown some t&a. now that would be something i'd like to pay to see. who was the blockhead who compared this communion wafer-thin story of a movie with the boondock saints and the sting?

wow...i can't believe just how bad zombie doom (aka violent sh!t 3) really is. i'd heard the rumors, read the reviews - but had to make my mind up for myself. well, let me tell ya - it blows!!! the worst acting of any film ever made, dubbing that must have been done while everyone involved was completely wasted, inept and laughable gore fx, no discernible plot, "cinematography" that looks like my grandma filmed it with her camcorder, weapons props that are no joke - made out of tin-foil - the list goes on and on...three guys get stranded on an island where a bunch of weirdos run around with plastic and tin-foil swords. two of the captives are freed along with a rebel of the island freaks, and are given a day's head start before they are hunted down by the rest of the "tribe"...that's pretty much it...honestly - this is one of the worst films i've ever had the misfortune to subject myself too. the budget had to be about $200 and was spent entirely on the gore fx (which actually may not have been a bad idea...). there is nothing to zombie doom other than strung-together ridiculous looking gore scenes with lots of horribly dubbed dialog. this film makes other no-budget outings like premutos: lord of the living dead look like titanic. some may rank zd in the "so-bad-it's-good" category - and i guess if you're really drunk or high and watching it with a few friends mst3k-style - i guess it could be looked at that way. but not by me. i hated pretty much everything about it. if zombie doom or zombie 90 (which is equally appalling and is included as a "bonus" on the shock-o-rama release of zd) is indicative of andreas schnaas' other works - then he should be banned from ever having anything to do with making a film ever again under penalty of death. there is one amusing kung-fu battle in the latter half of the film, and a lot of blood - so i'll grant this one a very generous 3/10 - do yourself a favor and skip this.

i am dumbfounded that i actually sat and watched this. i love independent films, horror films, and the whole zombie thing in general. but when you add ninga's, you've crossed a line that should never be crossed. i hope the people in this movie had a great time making it, then at least it wasn't a total waste. you'd never know by watching it though. script? are you kidding. acting? i think even the trees were faking. cinematography? well, there must've been a camera there. period. i don't think there was any actual planning involved in the making of this movie. such a total waste of time that i won't prolong it by commenting further.

i cannot believe how bad this piece of garbage is! i want my $3.99 back! words defy description of this poorly made piece of crap! the dubbing in no way shape or form aligns with the actor's mouths. the movie looks like it was filmed with a 1970's vintage camcorder. i have shot better movies with my cell phone camera. the gore is laughable due to the silly unbelievable plot. the acting is what one would expect if you called all your friends over on a saturday afternoon and proceeded to get completely ripped, then tried to put on a play in your garage. don't get me wrong...i wasn't expecting o'neil and i love zombie movies, but the production values are so low in this film as to make it unwatchable. avoid!

i am a big fan of low budget horror movies like this, but come on! this has to be the worst piece of monkey s@#t i have ever seen! i ignored the reviews posted on this site figuring that it would fall into my taste in horror, but i got bored and turned it off.let's see:the wardrobe: consisted of cheap cameo outfits and painters outfits from home depot. the masks were made from what looks like tin foil. the gore: the gore was pretty good, i must give it that. but ittenbach's burning moon was better for a low budget movie. acting: was horrible! i didn't mind the dubbing. i find this humorous like in ittenbach's "premutos" (great movie). the fighting and action sequences were pi$$ poor.bottom line: don't watch any of schnaas's movies. there are much better directors like jorg buttergeit and olaf ittenbach with movies of the same gore and subject matter. check premutos, house of blood, schramm and the nekromantiks.

ok, i like b movies...i know what b movies are supposed to represent. but this is just awful. i am amazed it got such a decent overall score. the only redeeming qualities of this flick are the (mostly) marginal splatter effects. don't get me wrong, gore abounds in this flick - but few effects really jumped out at me (like the anal "probe"...that was great!).i believe this movie was filmed on a camcorder. c'mon - rent a betacam at least, i've seen porn with better production values (and better acting as well).acting - sucked! but not in the troma or full moon sort of way.story - contrived! but thats what you get from films like these. very loose!sets & props - sucked! my 16 year old brother makes more elaborate sets for our house on halloween.dubbing and dialogue - sucked! horrible voice acting (i shouldn't even call it acting) and every other word is "s**t" or "f**k".there are tons of good classic and b rated horror / splatter flicks out there and they are not that hard to track down. do yourself a favor by not wasting time on this crap!

soon after watching this film you will realize why it didn't even make it to the theaters! this movie does not deserve the "prequel" tag. instead this is a common theme in hollywood, rip off previously good movies with disastrous prequels, sequels, etc.this film's plot was bouncing all over the place like a ping pong ball, and the character development was non-existent. i seriously felt like i was watching a comedy at some points in the movie because the acting was so bad. p diddy needs to stop tainting movies with his horrible acting, he actually made me laugh every time.the only good thing that comes out of this movie is jaclyn desantis, who looks excellent in this movie and actually brought some enjoyment from watching this film.if you are a big carlito's way fan, i recommend you not watch this. if you decide to watch it anyway then treat this movie as if it ripped off the original, because that is exactly what it did.

warning: avoid this super duper awful movie...if you watched it you will be sooooooooo disappointed.pam and denise are grandma age now what are they doing? trying so hard to be young innocent and sexy, just not working at all. pam and denise act so horribly in this movie.plus the script is absolutely atrocious, i can't believe someone can came out with such crappy ideas. with the development of movie industry, movie lovers are not as easy to satisfy as the ones in the last century. i bet the movie goers from last century will hate this too.stay away from it. i think watch "white chicks" from 2004 it's so much better that this...make no mistake at that time i thought that's the worst movie i have ever seen.

i heard many stories about this film being great... well, i took my chance when i saw it for a cheap price at ebay last month.i watched it, and i have only a few comments about it:1) terrible story-line, 2) terrible acting, 3) bad fighting-scenes...i never seen any worse movie in my life so far!! when the storyline is bad, than at least make the fights something more interesting. but both are done ridiculously bad...* the only positive thing about this movie (in my opinion) is nikki berwick. god, she looks nice in this movie.that's about it...

director f.w. murnau wisely stuck with the silent film medium he knew so well to cover this story of native islander life in the south seas. the documentary style works very well for the first half of the movie. the landscapes are beautiful, and the daily life activities of the islanders are interesting to watch. the film loses momentum, though, when it begins to concentrate more on the narrative story of two doomed lovers. the storyline just never gets that interesting, despite being handled well by murnau. won an academy award for best cinematography, although the award probably should have been for best scenery. you can't really credit the dp for getting to shoot in such a beautiful location.

i loved the original. it was brilliant and always will be. strangely though, i actually looked forward to seeing the re-make. i'm usually a little bit against re-makes because there's far too many of them, but somehow this intrigued me. i was really enjoying it to begin with. caine brilliant, as usual, and jude law managing to hold is own next to him. it was quite clever how it was modernised and it was working. what stops this from being really good is the last seven minutes. it goes completely away from the original, so far in fact that is ceases to be clever and just gets annoying. the end in the original was fantastic! so much tension was built up and it was unbelievably clever! this? it grows not in tension but in frustration as it seemed they decided to make caine's character a homosexual. it was if they were trying far to hard to be different. and then... bang! law's dead. roll credits. this film is worth the watch simply for the performances, but those last seven minutes really do drag it down. what a pity....

i thought the film was good in parts.the start was exciting .the first 30 minutes of the film were good.the camera angles in the first 30 minutes were strange and i did not like it coz the were they not covering the actors entirely.i think the last 25 minutes of the film were really not that great from which we expect a lot in case of such films.the dialoques did not make sense and i don't think they were very witty.i felt as if they were trying to copy films like phonebooth in terms of dialogues,but failed miserably.it seemed as if they many of the scenes between the actors were put for sake of it and did not make any sense to the story.the entire film features only law and caine.i don't think it was a waste of time,its an ok film,but not gr8

a remake of the superb 1972 movie of the stage play, nicely casting caine as the nemesis of his character from the first movie. but doing nothing else nicely at all.a under-parr performance from the actors, law and caine, diluted further by weak self-indulgent direction.the warmth of the setting in the original is forsaken for a super-modern homesetting. the subtle interplay between oliver and caine which made the first movie so watchable, is replaced with a horrid, brash arrogance that instantly breeds disdain in the viewer. but this is not the clever, to-ing and froing of liking one then the other character the original fostered so well, this is an obvious ott character assassination of both character from the word go.this version of sleuth is not really worth seeing, watch the original film and be dazzled from the opening act.

it's a while ago, that i have seen sleuth (1972) with two great actors michael caine and laurence olivier. michael caine is back, but he is now the husband and jude law the lover of his wife. the story is still the same and it's a fantastic play.during the movie i always had the feeling to watch a play. that's one of the reasons i dislike this remake of a classic. when i watch a movie adapted a play i still must feel to see a movie and not just a play. director kenneth brannigan did some marvelous movies in the past, but this time he missed. another reason was the look of the movie. the design was modern, stylish clean, uncomfortable and cold. i never got the feeling that somebody ever lived in that house. the photography wasn't bad, but the lightening was awful. sometimes there was blue light, dark, green light, to round it up not friendly for eyes.the acting was really good. michael caine's and jude law's perform at their best. i really would like to see these 2 guys playing together on stage. but i have to confess i never was a fan of jude law. the weakest part was the mid part. i remember that in the original that this part was still very mysterious and just marvelous directed. i tried to watch it twice and always in the mid part i felt asleep. the end part is better and more interesting. sleuth (2007) isn't awful, but it seems to be more a movie for critics than for the audience. sleuth (1972) is still a masterpiece and much more entertaining than sleuth (2007).

joseph l. mankiewicz's sleuth didn't need a remake. it's a thoroughly well made film that stands up well to this day. however, given that the modern day remake machine is currently in full swing; i really can't say i'm surprised to see the film updated for modern audience. the plot remains identical to the original film and at its core we have the story of a young man, milo tindle, who goes off to see an older man, andrew wyke, to discuss a divorce as the younger man is having an affair with the older man's wife. from there, a game of cat and mouse ensues. its clear right from the outset that director kenneth branagh wanted to add a different touch to this film and he does so by way of the central location, which has been changed from the charming games-ridden country house of the original to a technical marvel kitted out with layers of security equipment. i'm glad that the director chose to make this change as nobody wants to see a remake that directly copies of the original; plus there's the fact that the location is well used and always nice to look at. unfortunately, however, the positive elements of sleuth 2007 end there.the original film was over two hours long, while this remake is only just a shade over eighty minutes. naturally, therefore, that means that this version has less about it; and unfortunately it's the characters that suffer. the plot is also rushed and we get into the first twist in the tale far too quickly and before we are given any chance to actually understand why and how these events can be taking place. the film does not build the characters, or the rapport between them, enough to make sure that their relationship makes sense. one major thing that has been changed about the older character is his obsession; in the original he was obsessed with games which turned out to be very important once the twists come into play. here he has some kind of security fetish that doesn't really mean anything by the end. kenneth branagh's handling of the film allows for a classy score but the class ends there. the original thrived on it, but this film is happy merely to soil itself with expletives on numerous, and mostly unwarranted, occasions; which cheapen the whole thing. the final twist in the tale is completely different to how it was in the original and ensures that the film boils down to a really hideous conclusion. after spending two hours with the original i understood, respected and liked both characters presented in the film - after eighty minutes of this, i hated them both. i do have some respect for branagh for not merely rolling out a carbon copy of the original film; but this is not a good adaptation of the great anthony shaffer play.

at the name of pinter, every knee shall bow - especially after his nobel literature prize acceptance speech which did little more than regurgitate canned, by-the-numbers, sixth-form anti-americanism. but this is even worse; not only is it a tour-de-force of talentlessness, a superb example of how to get away with coasting on your decades-old reputation, but it also represents the butchery of a superb piece. the original sleuth was a masterpiece of its kind. yes, it was a theatrical confection, and it is easy to see how it's central plot device would work better on the stage than the screen, but it still worked terrifically well. this is a michael caine vanity piece, but let's face it, caine is no olivier. not only can he not fill larry's shoes, he couldn't even fill his bathroom slippers. the appropriately-named caine is, after all, a distinctly average actor, whose only real recommendation, like so many british actors, is their longevity in the business. he was a good harry palmer, excellent in get carter, but that's yer lot, mate! give this a very wide berth and stick to the superb original. this is more of a half-pinter.

i really wanted to like this movie. it has a nice prison setting, conspiracy theories, bloodthirsty zombies, a perfectly hideous 80s-touch and it is a directorial effort by actor john saxon, who also plays a bad (you guessed it) a bad guy. it reminds me of some (beloved) italian horror flicks. but the direction is very wooden and there is no nightmarish/frightening moment in there. it just goes on and on and on, and then it (logically) has to end. more suspense and more daring visuals and its destiny as a cult classic would have been sealed.

i give this marriage 3 years and thats stretching it. adrianne curry is fouled mouth, spoiled, controlling, loud, and her bi sexual past makes me laugh. she tells chris he has an image to protect and must avoid strip clubs. he married her. chris has low self esteem and from a different time warp. i have nothing against adrianne curry but this combination is not gonna have a happy ever after ending. her mother said he was an old rooster and thinks this is his last attempt to recapture his youth. here 2 very good people who are gonna end up in a nasty divorce. i don't think his old " brady family" is gonna fit into his new life. i see them being shut out. chris said his friends were more important than his family. the supported him and was there for him.

ok so i was bored and i watched it all the way through.this film is mild, inoffensive and lacklustre. the story is so sugary it rots your teeth on the opening titles. a tail of two 'traumatised' children learning about 'god' the fairy story way which frankly left me rather traumatised. it uses the irish 'blarney' in such a stereotypical way one hopes no true irish ever see it. aimed at children who frankly would switch off after the first attempt at an 'oirish' accent. all in all why do they pump these out.

first let me be honest. i did not watch all this movie. i watched the first five minutes and when i realized that i had nearly fallen to sleep i decided that i may as well fast forward and see if it got any more interesting later on... it didn't. this film is just a collection of lame attempts to make a story which is already uninteresting and badly told into something that it would never become: a decent horror movie. because i feel it is important to say that even a movie with poor special effects can still be good if it is well made. this film isn't and will only put you into a deep sleep if you attempt to watch it. lastly i feel it is important to say that i think this movie is in the publicdomain so if you feel that you must absolutely watch it than a littlesearch on the internet will surely show you a place where you won't need to pay to watch this pile of cinematographic dung.

ha. without a doubt tommy's the evil one here. i don't know why, but for some reason, little kids in horror movies tend to come across as little butt munches. and since they're kids, they won't die. because they're annoying...well..except for asylum of terror. but those are few and far between.anyway onto the movie. can't find this movie on dvd? sure you can! all you have to do is buy the chilling classics dvd pack! not only do you get metamorphosis on dvd for $15, but you also get 49 other movies! what a bargain! pff. ok. i'm done advertising for these cheesy movies. let's just say, this movie ain't worth the 15 bucks on its own.so we have a chemist scientist. yeah. cause all chemist scientists look as handsome as this guy playing peter. he's trying to come up with a serum to stop deterioration of the body. the college he works at wants to pull the plug on his project, so he tries it on himself. but because this is a horror movie, he sucks it up and starts and incredibly long transformation sequence that takes nearly 3/4 of the movie.to pad out the movie he gets into a relationship with some woman who has a son. and she was never married! scandalous! but of course tommy is one of the most irritating characters....no. i take it back. he is the most irritating character. far worse than the old crippled guy who wants to take over peter's work and gloats over him while he's in the hospital. that's right, even as an old cripple, you can still be the villain.so we see peter start to randomly kill some people in visions he has until he realizes he's the one doing it and just decides to kill everyone in his path to get back to normal. however at the end he ends up de-evolving into a lizard. yeah, i know don't ask. the ending really doesn't make any sense. and if you're hoping for any really good payoff, you're not going to get it.this isn't a horrible movie....it's just frustrating because of the lack of a good payoff. if you already own the 50 movie pack and this is next on your list, you're not in for a snoozer, but you're also not in for a great movie. just sit back, relax, and eat a lot of snack food. because this movie isn't going to be making you jump out of your skin anytime soon.metamorphosis gets 4 plastic lizard heads, out of 10.

i unknowingly had this movie on my shelf for a while in a mill creek collection, and one night i just decided to watch it; though not expecting much. as the beginning credits roll around i'm surprised to discover this film was made under the filmirage company. filmirage brought the world such amazing stinkers as "troll 2", "ator the invincible", and "quest for the mighty sword", so i was compelled to watch.as the movie started out it had potential to be pretty decent, even though it was unoriginal. the gore scenes could have been improved if they were extended and more frequent. but after a while into the film, the pace started dragging and i found myself thinking "okay someone better get killed soon",or "someone better mutate". at the onset of this drag, when i was having these thoughts, though someone may have gotten killed or have mutated, however as noted, the gore and effects weren't very good. what made matters worse was that the scene transitions were confusing; example: first dr. houseman would be at the zoo, then he'd have a flash back about possibly killing someone, finally he'd wake up in a cold sweat in bed-- making the audience ask "was he dreaming he was at the zoo?". like the movie's pace, these scene transitions got progressively worse.i could try to say the character development of dr. houseman was pretty good, but towards the end of the film, that is, once you've seen what the doctor has metamorphosed into, hopefully you'll laugh-- which really, is the only reason to see this movie at least once; this movie unintentionally runs like a long-winded joke.the costume of the um, thing that doctor houseman becomes can also be seen in joe d' amato's "quest for the mighty sword", which was made in the same year. you've gotta love filmirage movies, they're always re-using the same stuff!

as others have mentioned, this movie is similar to the fly (both versions) and the lesser known sci-fi flick altered states. the big difference is that those two movies were well made by people who knew what they were doing and were good at it. metamorphosis did not have these advantages. metamorphosis is a potentially interesting science fantasy story that had the wrong people in charge of it and the wrong actors playing the roles.the story follows scientist dr. peter houseman (gene lebrock), an obsessed man working on a genetic cure to aging and death. when the university he works for threatens to cut funding, he decides to inject the anti-aging serum into himself. as a result, dr. houseman spends the rest of the movie slowly turning into a lizard. and oh yes, watching the good doctor go through the process of becoming that lizard is a great joy. it really is so bad that it's good. some of the lines are classic: "what was it?" "a nightmare...from the past!"many of the reviews that i've read for this point up how stupid and ridiculous the last five minutes of this movie are. i'm just going to go ahead and spoil it: the good doctor goes from being a shuffling half-man, half-lizard thing to being what appears to be a man in a rejected godzilla costume, when the police finally gun him down. in the final scene, some obnoxious kid is seen with a little pet lizard which he claims will never die, and the movie's heroine, sally donnelly (catherine baranov) evidently decides that the little lizard is the final incarnation of dr. houseman. the camera then gives us a close-up of the lizard's face; this is, i assume, the director's way of showing us that the lizard is evil. yes, it is goofy, but i fell over laughing so i can't complain.i watched this movie because it was a part of the chilling classics 50 movie megapack that i purchased. i'm sure many of those who are reading this did exactly the same thing, as the 50 pack is the only way to see this movie on dvd. if you have recently bought the boxed set and haven't watched this movie yet, it really is worth your time, even if i did just ruin the ending for you. it might also be possible to find this movie online for free.

metamorphosis i am working my way through the chilling classics 50 movie pack collection and metamorphosis is the seventh movie in the set. released in 1990, metamorphosis seems to be a remake of "the atom age vampire," which also featured a scientist striving for similar results. set in modern times, metamorphsis is not my kind of horror movie.a university researcher is working to crack the human genome in order to create a serum that would prevent aging. pressured by the administration to publish his papers; and, produce some results (or risk losing funding), the scientist decides to use himself as a guinea pig! at first thinking that he suffered no adverse side effects, he eventually discovers that the serum has indeed altered him in the most unexpected manner! the acting is stilted; and, the performances left me with a much diminished interest in the film. the score is pandering. and, the science behind the experiments and their findings is not only fallacious; it's absurd; it's ridiculous – at best. as others noted, the end turns into a 30+ minute gag, which is seemingly endless. without giving too much away, i'd call this one, "dr. jekyll and mr. hyde meet the creature from the black lagoon meets home alone."

it's the same old, "if i can't get the funding for my project, i'll inject myself" monster movie. there is nothing new here. it's a lot like the jeff goldblum "fly" movie. the man manages to keep some semblance of sanity, but eventually succumbs to the effects of his experiments. the acting is pretty bad. there are people acting stupidly all along the way, putting their lives in danger for no apparent reason. the guy keeps going back to the lab he has been forbidden to enter. then there's his relationship with a young woman and her son. admittedly, he is good looking, but he seems like a lot of trouble. it's just a pretty big waste of time. even his tyrannosaurus suit looks like it came off the rack at a star trek convention.

'metamoprhis' is the story of a dashing young scientist, revered at the local college, is brought under investigation by financial providers for the college. this forces him to take shortcuts in typical bad-hollywood melodramatic fashion.my first thought after this movies conclusion was this. "not good, but not bad, for early-to-mid eighties." of course, i then realized that it was made in 1990, which almost propelled it down to a '4', but decided to keep it at the mediocre '5' that it is.'metamorphis' does on a few occasions, seem like a good movie desperately trying to get out. the acting, while not stellar, is mostly competent. you can even see the occasional glisten of a modest quality. pacing is a large problem with the movie. after thinking i had been watching for ninety minutes, i realized i'd only been watching an hour. special effects aren't stellar, but the director seems to be mostly competent enough to work around that weakness.the lead, a mildly charismatic male that seems to be attempting a blended channeling of tom cruise and christopher reeves, reminded me mostly of matt dillon's character in 'wild things'. the female heroine does an ok job, but does not distinguish herself in anyway. there's a 'naughty girl' role in here, and the actress does what she can with it, but it doesn't seem like much. there is a child actor that the director can't decide if he's morose, cheerful or just weird. pacing, as i said, is the worst problem with this movie, until a final battle with the bad guy that would make a power ranger blush. it is bizarre and inexplicable, until the final scene which is supposed to be dramatic but simply hilarious, saturated with every bad camera trick and overacting that can be compressed in about thirty seconds.a decent one-time watch on the 'mill creek 50 chilling movie pack'. nothing that is going to bring you back, and nothing to buy on its own.

meet peter houseman, rock star genetic professor at virgina university. when he's not ballin' on the court he's blowing minds and dropping panties in his classroom lectures. dr. houseman is working on a serum that would allow the body to constantly regenerate cells allowing humans to become immortal. i'd want to be immortal too if i looked like christian bale and got the sweet female lovin that only vu can offer. an assortment of old and ugly university professors don't care for the popular houseman and cut off funding for his project due to lack of results. this causes peter to use himself as the guinea pig for his serum. much to my amazement there are side effects and he, get this, metamorphoses! into something that is embedded into our genetic dna that has been repressed for "millions of years". he also beds dr. mike's crush sally after a whole day of knowing her. she has a son. his name is tommy. he is an angry little boy.metamorphosis isn't a terrible movie, just not a well produced one. the whole time i watched this i couldn't get past the fact that this was filmed in 1989. the look and feel of the movie is late seventies quality at the latest. it does not help that it's packaged along with 1970's movies as metamorphosis is part of mill creek entertainment's 50 chilling classics. there is basically no film quality difference whatsoever. the final five minutes are pure bad movie cheese that actually, for me at least, save the movie from a lower rating. pay attention to the computer terminology such as "cromosonic anomaly". no wonder peter's experiment failed. your computer can't spell! this is worthy of a view followed by a trip to your local tavern.

all the elements for a bad night at the movies are in place: dialog riddled with biological techno-babble, chintzy sets, balsa-wood acting, a horrific late-'80s casio score, and an overall look that suggests anything on the sci-fi channel's programming schedule, circa 1993. though "metamorphosis" starts off with a lot of promise, the film unravels into bland idiocy and mst3k-style cheese as clark kent wannabe 'doctor' peter houseman (gene lebrock) is pressured into releasing information on his secretive projects. but when he tests his vague experiment on himself, he transforms into a vaguely-defined creature (that bears more than a passing resemblance to 'dr. freudstein' from "house by the cemetery"). the fx work is fairly good for such an obviously low-budget production (though i suspect most of it is kept in shadow for a reason), but overall, "metamorphosis" leaves a bad retro aftertaste in your guts, in spite of its hopes to sway us otherwise. i can't help but agree with one character's closing remark: "(it was) a nightmare...from the past!"

"metamorphosis" hold a tiny bit of cult-value, simply because it was written and directed by george eastman. this italian bloke is more or less the personification of male sleaze and starred in pretty much every rancid joe d'amato production during the late 70's/early 80's. wouldn't it be interesting for avid euro-cult purchasers to own the only movie directed by the guy who walked around bare-butted in "erotic nights of the living dead" all the time? i thought so! now, unlike the movies he starred in, eastman's own "metamorphosis" is kind of disappointing in the gore & sleaze departments. there are a handful of nasty murders, cheesy monster effects and naked female bodies (a guest appearance by sleaze-queen laura gemser!) on display, but it's mainly a talkative movie. the handsome & eloquent dr. houseman is on the verge of a scientific breakthrough with his research on human dna codes when suddenly the university he works for threatens to cancel his funds. he developed a theory to decode genes and block the human ageing process, but if he doesn't come up with detailed reports any time soon, his research will be stopped. so dr. houseman does what any intelligent scientist would do and injects the untested serum into his own veins. needless to say (and like the title implies), he slowly turns into murderous monster that actually ages much quicker! in other words, his research sucked! like the other reviewers already mentioned, this movie "borrows" a lot of ideas from david cronenberg's "the fly" – the dramatic romance sub plot included - but doesn't add any originality from its own. the big difference is that you constantly feel connected with jeff goldblum's character in "the fly", whereas dr. houseman becomes just another monster that needs to be destroyed as fast as possible. the rapid-ageing-syndrome aspect also reminded me of ruggero deodato's sadly underrated giallo "phantom of death", only the protagonist in that film inherited the disease and didn't inflict it on himself. the physical deterioration of the carriers is very similar in both films, though. few scares or excitement to discover here, instead the movie features loads of bad acting, poor lighting, lousy editing and a completely retarded climax to boot. feel free to skip this one.

a young basketball-playing professor of genetics is doing research on the genetic sequence, using human fetuses. he hopes to be able to find a cure for all diseases and aging. he's pressured into concluding his research because he hasn't published, so the university is having trouble justifying funding him (i think).he does a trial injection on a monkey, which quickly dies. he then tries it on himself. he starts a relationship with the single mother of an extremely annoying little boy; she's the one who had been demanding results from the research.initially, he seems to have no effects from the injection, except some new strength. he then realizes that he had some memory loss, and starts recalling what happened. additionally, he starts to appear very unhealthy.since the movie is named metamorphosis, he does eventually change into something else. you won't believe your eyes - either what he turned into, or the absolutely crappy costume the actor is wearing to depict what he's turned into. incredibly, there's a further change in store - the end of the movie is really, really absurd.about the only thing this movie has going for it is that laura gemser is in it, but she has a very small part.i'd once seen a the video box for this with a sculpted plastic form glued to the boxcover. possibly it might even have had some electronics in it at one time, perhaps eyes that light up (the main character's eyes occasionally turn green in the movie). the copy i watched had a box that only showed tear marks where the glue had held on the plastic, which had been removed. the novelty boxcover, if it still had it, would have been the only reason i would have held onto this movie; i'm definitely getting rid of it.

hello i am from denmark, and one day i was having a film evening with my friends. one brought this movie with him "russian terminator" and it was extremely awful. after watching less than half a minute we decided to fast forward only stopping at some laughable "highlights" or should i say "lowlights" in the movie. i was actually mostly surprised to find out that this film was produced here in my homeland denmark...that must have been the biggest mistake this country ever made.

this is really a very bad movie. why? first of all, the story is bad. it is an artificial story, combining all sorts of things together that make no sense. it just seems a wrong experiment. secondly, the actors cannot play in a realistic manner. they cannot even talk as an actor should. why did i buy this movie? and what must i do with it now?

shamefull as it may be, this movie actually made it to the videomarket, bringing shame on my proud country - any attempt to watch this movie without stopping or pausing, will be a fruitless attempt. one cannot bear to see more than one hour of this, then having either fallen asleep, or visited the bathroom for puking.note: if you haven't seen anything else from denmark, please remember this:some things were never meant to be - but still some idiot goes ahead and makes it anyway!

having just watched this movie, i almost feel like having wasted 2 hours of my life, but i guess there is some good in everything:if i was to rate this as any other movie, it can only receive 1 or 2 tops, but if i grade it like a low budget ind. movie, it may get 3 or 4. that is a movie is supposed to be 'complete' and without too long passages of boredom or waste of time. this movie isn't. but i guess a lot of independent movies are about showing movie skills, and considering this, this movie has a few highlights. if i am to comment on what the directors should take with them to their next project, i guess the distorted sound effects had some quality. they also manage to build some characters, this however takes me to what they should leave out in their next project, because the character building takes too long, since it is mostly irrelevant for the movie plot. neither should the long spaces of time dedicated to walking around be continued in the next project - whats the point? i guess this movie tries to be a little bit of everything (building characters, suspense and a plot), and ends up being nothing (not a lot)this movie tries too much and too hard, and i guess it should have been cut to a short film. i could easily manage to find one hour of walking around or pointless dialogue to cut from the movie.there is too much irrelevant things going on in this movie. the story should have been more streamlined. i know there is supposed to be some mystery in this movie, but a slight surprise to who the killer is, doesn't make a mystery. the story behind the "mystery" receives almost no attention during the film, which leaves the final "point" as a quick an unsatisfying wrap-up. therefore i would like to say this movie was a nice try, but i cant. i hope the directors learn from their mistakes, and produce a better product next time.if you don't have an interest in bench learning from producing low budget movies, there is no need to watch this - not even too see why everyone thinks its bad.as others have stated i am pretty sure the many 10's given to this movie are from people somehow involved in the movie. this movie could not receive a "10" judging from any remotely objective standpoint.

the choke (aka axe in the uk) is a slasher produced supposedly as a straight-to-dvd movie. i say "supposedly" because the title of the movie does not have the "v" in brackets to indicate that it was a made for dvd movie (even though it does have the appearance of one).the plot is simple – a band is holding a gig in a former meatpacking factory and they are killed one by one.i think most would agree that the movie was never going to be a masterpiece, but this does not excuse the faults here. even straight-to-dvd movies such as bachelor party massacre (which has a very low imdb rating) have a lot of redeeming qualities and sometimes come off as being one of the so-called "so bad, they're good" movies. however, the choke falls far short of being either a serious slasher (such as halloween) or being a "so bad it's good" movie (such as the nail gun massacre).the movie does start off good with a character killed using a drill. the blood effects were very cheesy but understandable given the very low budget. but, from there onwards, it's downhill all the way.there are so many faults in the choke that i could spend all day talking about them. but, a few obvious ones stand out and i'll go into them.the aforementioned gig that the band holds seems to start off with around 50 people present but after the music stops, there seems to be only around 8 people left (and yet they're all meant to be locked in!).the characters in this movie are not likable at all. most of the band members are aggressive foul-mouthed morons or just downright weird. no one really cares about what happens to them, and even their supposed friends forget about them when they've been dispatched. the highlight of the movie is the presence of a homeless man who seems to regard the meatpacking factory as some kind of church (seriously!). he spouts some really funny lines for no apparent reason. but sadly, even his presence can't save the movie.there are too many scenes of people walking around and talking without any characterisation. around 65 minutes of the film is spent watching characters walk around talking. characters disappear for long periods of time without explanation. as in other straight-to-dvd movies such as crocodile and grim weekend, the characters spend a lot of time swearing at each other aggressively without any provocation at all. there are plenty of over-the-top outbursts (mainly from the male characters) and one nearly results in a full-blown fight. in fact, the format could be said to go as follows: characters walk around--murder takes place--characters walk around--murder takes place. you get the idea.the dialogue is terrible and it seems that few lines are spoken without the f-word being used. perhaps this was meant to be funny, but it just comes off as sad. and more to the point, we have all seen this done a thousand times before (usually to much greater effect).the movie is totally devoid of any suspense at all. the dead bodies serve to provide the only indication that the characters are in danger. a maniac is running around loose and yet the characters just behave like total morons. they make little attempt to get out of the factory or find a weapon with which to protect themselves. and much of the time, they don't even pretend to be scared.in the same vein as drive-in massacre, the killer is not seen at the time the murders are being committed (with the exception of the final murder when the killer's identity is revealed). a random weapon appears out of nowhere to kill the victim in question. there is no one seen stalking the characters at any time. in drive-in massacre, this served to make the film funny (unintentionally of course), but here it is not funny at all.and, as another reviewer has pointed out, the soundtrack includes music that is very bad, even for those who like punk rock. the extras look uncomfortable dancing to it. the score (at the end, there is no music at the beginning!) consists of a band of sugarbabe wannabes singing some very bad song that is completely unrelated to the movie.don't misunderstand the points made in this review. this reviewer likes bad movies (such as the nail gun massacre and bachelor party massacre) as much as the classics (such as halloween and friday the 13th). but, it seems that the choke tried too hard to fit into one of those categories without fitting into either. and even as straight-to-dvd movies go, this is a poor effort.on a positive note, the film does contain some fairly good gory murder scenes. but, when the surviving characters do not take the situation seriously, these scenes lose their importance quickly as the intensity they provide disappears into oblivion.fans of the traditional 1980s b-movie slashers should take steps to avoid this movie. and fans of the classics such as halloween and friday the 13th should do everything in their power to avoid it!

the choke starts as a rock band known as the choke prepare for a gig at a nightclub called 'club 905' owned & run by guy johnson (andrew parker). lead singer dylan (sean cook) & guitar player mike (jason mckee) plan to tell the other band members, bass player london (brooke bailey) & drummer nancy (tom olson), that they are both going solo & their services won't be needed any longer. once at the club dylan prepares but mike doesn't show up & the gig turns into a disaster. then just as the band think things couldn't get any worse they find a dead body in the cellar, that all the doors have been locked so they can't get out & that they can't trust anyone as a mysterious killer begins picking them off one-by-one...produced & directed by juan a. mas the choke is a standard by-the-numbers teen slasher that really doesn't have anything going for it. the script by jessica dolan & susannah lowber (not too many horror films out there penned by ladies...) has some surprisingly good character's in it & some nifty dialogue but while it's much better than a lot of modern shot on a camcorder type horror in that respect it's so slow & boring that even a few interesting character's can't come anywhere close to saving it. as one would expect all the usual teen slasher clichés are used, from the isolated location the victims can't escape from, the cast of good looking teenagers who keep splitting up, a few murders & a really poor twist ending that tries to mimic something like scream (1996) & be surprising but doesn't make a whole lot of sense when you think about it logically (they couldn't have done some of the things they were supposed to) & to make matters even worse i guessed who the killer was fairly early on & even though i don't want to boast i was spot on. then there's the fact that the makers of the choke felt that it's audience would be entertained by showing endless (well it feels endless while watching it) scenes of teenagers walking around dark corridors doing nothing in particular, i am sorry but there is only so many scenes like this that i can take before it starts to become tedious. the kill count is low, at first they all decide to stick together (good idea) but then they all just randomly decide to split up & go their separate ways (bad idea when there's a killer on the loose), the pace is lethargic, the kill scenes are unimaginative & to top it all off the twist ending is poor.director mas does alright, the film looks ok for the most part although there are the odd occasions where he uses some annoying post production editing technique like slow motion or frame skipping. the gore levels aren't really up to scratch, there's some blood splatter, a guy with a hole in his chest, a few dead bodies & someone impaled on some metal poles. most of the kills happen off screen with the axe kill at the end a good example of the film not actually showing anything. since the film is about a rock band there's quite a rock orientated soundtrack with some truly horrible, horrible rock songs used on it. i am sorry rock fans but to my ears this crap is just noise pollution. it's not scary, there's no real atmosphere & the lack of blood & gore is just inexcusable when the rest of the film is so bad.with a supposed budget of about $1,000,000 the choke is well made with reasonable production values, it looks cheap to be sure but not as cheap as many low budget horror films look. shot in a place called spokane in washington apparently. the acting is one of the films strongest points as it's generally pretty good all round, i mean no-one is going to win an oscar but it ain't half bad.the choke is a throughly routine scream style teen slasher that has one of the weakest twist endings ever & a criminal lack of blood, gore, violence, nudity & dead bodies. i mean if a slasher hasn't got any sex or gore then what's the point? those are the only things that the average slasher is worth watching for, right?

i watched this film not really expecting much, i got it in a pack of 5 films, all of which were pretty terrible in their own way for under a fiver so what could i expect? and you know what i was right, they were all terrible, this movie has a few (and a few is stretching it) interesting points, the occasional camcorder view is a nice touch, the drummer is very like a drummer, i.e damned annoying and, well thats about it actually, the problem is that its just so boring, in what i can only assume was an attempt to build tension, a whole lot of nothing happens and when it does its utterly tedious (i had my thumb on the fast forward button, ready to press for most of the movie, but gave it a go) and seriously is the lead singer of the band that great looking, coz they don't half mention how beautiful he is a hell of a lot, i thought he looked a bit like a meercat, all this and i haven't even mentioned the killer, i'm not even gonna go into it, its just not worth explaining. anyway as far as i'm concerned star and london are just about the only reason to watch this and with the exception of london (who was actually quite funny) it wasn't because of their acting talent, i've certainly seen a lot worse, but i've also seen a lot better. best avoid unless your bored of watching paint dry.

released on dvd in the uk as axe, the choke is a teen slasher that fails in pretty much every department: the story is almost non-existent, resulting in a film which comprises mostly of people wandering around a dark building; with the exception of two characters (who are quite obviously destined to be the film's survivors), everyone is thoroughly objectionable, meaning that the viewer couldn't care less when they get slaughtered; the deaths aren't gory enough (unless a brief shot of a pound of minced beef covered in fake blood turns your stomach); and the gratuitous sex scene features next to no nudity (an unforgivable mistake to make in a slasher flick!).the wafer-thin plot sees members of a punk band locked inside what appears to be the world's largest nightclub (there are endless abandoned corridors and rooms, unlike any club i've ever seen) where they are picked off by an unseen assailant. for a low budget effort, the production values are okay, and the cast are all seem to be fairly capable actors, but with not nearly enough genuine scares, a reluctance to get really messy (this is a slasher, so where's the graphic splatter?), way too much dreadful dialogue (particularly from the not-dead-soon-enough drummer) and some ill advised use of tacky video techniques in an attempt to add some style, the movie quickly becomes extremely boring.

at the time of writing this review it would seem that over 50% of imdb voters had given this film a rating of either a 10 or a 1. i can only surmise then that those giving it a 10 were either cast or crew members. they say that given enough monkeys and enough time and enough typewriters, those monkeys, just by random proddings at the keyboard, would eventually type out the complete works of shakespeare. however, i seriously doubt that given the same number of monkeys and time, you could find a single one to give this movie a rating of 10.i patiently watched the first half, foolishly assuming that the film would, on some level, develop either the plot or the characters, or maybe make some kind of social comment or provoke barely intellectual thought. failing that, i was quite prepared to accept action, suspense, comedy, horror or even gratuitous sex as a way of holding my attention. ultimately, i was disappointed and consequently, much of the second half was viewed at double speed as i searched in vain for some small snippet of cinematic redemption. sadly, there was none.if "the choke", was put up against an episode of scooby doo then i'm afraid the cartoon would win hands down in terms of mystery, intrigue and unpredictability. and speaking of cartoon characters, the acting abilities of the various cast members varied between acceptable (at best) and embarrassingly poor with brooke bailey's portrayal of the freaky, death obsessed pseudo goth, london, being so bad i almost felt sorry for her.i would have liked to have finished on a positive note but even the soundtrack, a second rate feast of contemporary punk rock, failed even to entertain, let alone serve to enhance a very poor flick.

revolt of the zombies has no redeeming features. i'm tired of people arguing that it's not that bad, and that the effects must have packed more of a punch in 1936. i suspect this isn't true: it's not like iq's have risen sharply in the last 7 decades. the average viewer in 1936 was probably just as bored by this rubbish as the average viewer today. why? just try watching the first scenes, and count the pauses between things happening, the awful choice of when to cut to close-up, the slapdash editing that seems to include an extra two seconds on every shot to pad out the running time. pay attention to the utterly redundant dialogue: "i'm going to make some tea/go outside/read my book now." "are you?" "yes, i am." that sort of exchange happens several times. normally i would love that, being a huge fan of bad movies, but watch the listless actors mumbling their trite and tedious lines, and all desire to laugh at the movie slowly fades away. this sort of disinterested, pot-boiling time-waster is far worse than energetic, imaginative mind-blowers like plan nine from outer space or santa claus conquers the martians. those who claim that this is "better" than those more interesting movies have a backwards idea of entertainment. this movie is not bad in the sense that your jaw hangs open in astonishment: it's bad in the sense that your eyes slowly close in boredom. which is far worse.

what? you were not aware that scooby-doo battled zombies? well, you might also not be aware of this little film that was directed by victor halperin, who had also directed white zombie four years earlier. that would probably make it the second zombie film made.no, don't go looking for dorothy stone to expose her breasts as you would expect in most zombie films, and don't even look for any brains being eaten. this is 1936, you know.so, what you will see is typical of the period - lots of talking.you do get to see dean jagger (twelve o'clock high ) and bela lugosi's eyes, but that is about it. zombies in cambodia, indeed!

after having seen and loved postal (yes, i actually loved postal), i decided to try another uwe boll film and i picked out seed because i happened to stumble on it in a local dvd-store and it's supposed to be one of his better films.while the first 10 to 15 minutes of the film were very promising and seemed like the beginning of a not too mainstream psychological thriller, it soon went downhill from there and eventually degraded into one of the most generic slasher films i've seen so far, including a massive amount of plot holes, unrealistic emotional responses and sub-par acting. it seems like boll tried his best to come up with a decent plot but after a while just gave up on it. maybe he should stick to comedy?! the few good things about this film is that he does manage to create an overall creepy atmosphere, that the special effects are better than i expected and the soundtrack does go well with the overall atmosphere, but the unbalanced pacing of this film combined with the utter generic nature thereof makes he last half hour quite tedious to watch, which ruined my experience altogether. there are a very fairly well done shocking scenes, but they seem to be there for the shock value alone. and let's not forget the camera work that was pretty nauseating at times.i hope uwe boll will one day learn what makes a good film, because between a lot of horrible films he does seem to make a decent film every now and then. seed just isn't one of those.

this movie is unbelievably ridiculous. i love horror movies, but this is the worst one i've ever seen. i am a huge fan of gore, but most of the deaths in this movie aren't shown. it just shows us the already dead bodies, and the only death scenes that they actually show in this movie are terrible. the graphics look so obviously fake. the actors are awful as well. there is no real emotion from any of them. not only did i waste my time watching this piece of sh*t movie, but i had to subject myself to actual footage of animals being beaten during the beginning of it. if i could rate this a -10, i would. f*ck this movie. it's crap. don't watch it.

from the beginning of the movie i had a feeling like its a movie about another jason's from friday the 13th. and it is... dispute that the movie starts interesting. but as the times goes by its just a pointless movie about muted, supernatural, silent serial killer. i mean he goes under the guy's bed without making any sound, not seen by anyone. he was supposed to be blind after failed execution but he walks and kills people like he used to. i'm tired of it. for me it's all over the same thing.in another words - unreal. too many mistakes and confusing information.well scene with tide up woman looked impressive but just at first time :} for that and for intriguing intro 2 stars.

badly directed garbage. a mediocre nihilist sadistic gorefest ... if you are the sort of person who likes that ... see a shrink. even if you are that person it doesn't make this a good film, the acting is really poor, the story full of plot holes, the director really should just give up and find a real job as he has no talent for this one. i can see why people dislike uwe boll .. we have had a few of his films on lately and this is the best of them, which is really sad! a complete absence of any sort of humanity seems to suit some people but here it just grates. horror films can be full of desolation, they can be miniature works of art, they can be just good viewing when there is nothing else on ... seed is just really really poor.

the name uwe boll is automatically linked to bad horror/cult cinema and every new movie he releases – which is about two, three per year – immediately always receives negative ratings and harsh criticism. you're actually almost tempted to think this is just a contemporary hype. you know, like it's popular to hate uwe boll whether you liked his movies or not. let me just assure you that this is not the case. uwe boll is a terrible writer/director and quite frankly a menace to the entire film-making industry. "seed" is another most unfortunate of proof that. in here, boll tries so desperately hard to come across as controversial and shocking that he overlooks numerous other elements that any movie essentially needs to exist, like a plot, a narrative structure, character development, tension building… "seed" is a hideous movie, full of gratuitous filth and incompetent padding footage. i once read that "seed" was uwe boll's interpretation of the nowadays popular horror trend of torture porn flicks, but that's not even close. the film inarguably does borrow some influences from "saw" and "hostel", but basically it's just another umpteenth dull slasher with an indestructible killer and video game violence. the first 45 minutes of "seed" are beyond boring and actually just confirm all the obvious things you already knew were going to happen. for you see, boll was stupid enough to begin his film with a (hyper- fast) scrolling text explaining there's a federal us law claiming that death row prisoners have to be set free if three attempts to electrocute them fail. so you know this will happen later on, but still the first three quarters are wasted on catching a serial killer and bringing him to the electric chair. seed is a mute serial killer who supposedly slaughtered 666 victims (exaggerate much?) who wears a bag over his head. he watches real-life animal cruelty footage (and thus we watch real-life animal cruelty footage; thanks for that mr. boll) and videotapes people as the slowly decompose in their cellar (including a crying baby which is really sick and twisted). when he's finally captured, during the most amateurish and implausible police manhunt ever filmed, and put on death row, the film even becomes more retarded. after being buried alive because the electric chair couldn't fry him, max seed crawls back to the surface and goes on a brand new killing spree; this time mainly focusing on the people who arrested and executed him. the senseless plot twists and complete lack of story depth of this movie go way past being just bad; they're downright infuriating and insulting the intelligence level of the average horror movie fanatic. multiple twists and sub plot in "seed" are simply impossible to accept by the reasonable functioning human mind because they're just too dumb! nobody believes that cops and prison staff members will just bury a mass murderer alive without shooting a few bullets through his head first. nobody will accept that a fugitive convict cannot be found for another six months even though he went straight back to the exact same hideout place where they first caught him! "seed" is full of retarded little things like these and the movie gets dumber with each minute that passes. personally, i refuse to accept that the cast & crew members didn't notice this as well. it really makes you think that uwe boll simply neglects all advice and criticism, and just stubbornly shoots his movies the way he wants to. i imagine his yelling stuff like "shut up and do as you are told" to his actors whenever they remark that the scene they're shooting doesn't make a lick of sense. just for the fun of upsetting people, there's a gigantically overlong sequence where max seed smashes an elderly lady to death with a hammer whilst she's tied up to a chair in the middle of her own living room. instead of shocking, as boll intended it to be, this sequence masterfully epitomizes how pathetic and wannabe controversial the whole film in fact is. "seed" is horrendous, it's disgusting, it's pitiable, it's … boll.

hello. this is my first review for any movie i have seen. i went through the trouble of doing this to tell everyone that this is quite literally, the most disgusting movie i have ever seen. i feel like the movie was porely made, which i will give some understanding due to budget constraints on making it. i felt like i was watching a very bad remake of the movie saw. which i can agree, saw as well is also very graphic, but, i did like the movie saw.the scene where he takes the hammer to the head of the tied up victim in the chair is the most disturbing scene i have seen. the scene lasted almost forever, well actually, it was probably around 5 min but still. i want to note that i like some horror movies and i do give credit if they are good. this director uwe boll, and his group of people used to make this movie should think it over before making another one similar to this one. one final note haha!! for all the people who enjoy watching animals beatin to death, letting rot, with women and children as well and a five minute scene of someone getting there head smashed in with a hammer then you will enjoy this movie, if not, and you like horror, go with a higher budget film, like saw for example. i cant believe people actually make movies like this. anyway sorry to anyone who loves uwe boll and took it to heart, this is just my opinion on the movie.

while not as bad as his game-to-movie adaptations, this hunk of crud doesn't fare much better.boll seems to have a pathological inability to accept that he doesn't make good movies. one of these days he'll run out of money and stop inflicting the world with his bombs.the acting was sub-par, the dialog sounded like they were reading teleprompters and boll's special little 'touches' were seen throughout the whole thing.like all uwe boll movies, this one just shouldn't exist.plain and simple.just like uwe boll himself shouldn't exist. >_>

short version: seed isn't worthless. it's just derivative and inferior. and soulless.long version: if you have never seen any of the films comprising the vaguely-defined "psychological horror" genre, this movie will probably melt your face off. maybe not, but it will give you a good burn. the opening montage of real animal abuse will be sufficient to open your eyes to possibilities of brutality-on-video, and the (only) memorable gore scene later in the film will perhaps be more than you can handle. the climax will play with your emotions in a way that perhaps no other film has.but that's if you don't have much experience with the genre. if you've seen the real thing..."august underground's penance," for example, you will, as i did, find it terribly difficult to stay awake until the end of the film.other reviewers have compared this to the video nasties of old. i understand this comparison. like the video nasties, "seed" is more violent than a mainstream horror film and less subtle. but the reason the video nasties are still known to us is not only for the above reasons--those that are still popular had something special. permit me to be ambiguous, i think you will understand: those that have stuck around had "soul".take this quote from gabriele crisanti, director of "burial ground," on an interview on the new-ish dvd: "...we will never have more films like these, because today, technology has surpassed imagination. and technology is cold. so many things will disappear because small films like these won't be produced anymore. today we have great, exceptional tricks that are very expensive, but they are cold. today a horror, a terror film of this kind costs more than a million dollars. these films were not so expensive...they are real effects, made with our hands".perhaps it is wrong to take the comparison to old school horror so seriously. but crisanti has hit the nail on the head. even at their most seemingly exploitational, the best of the video nasties were pursuing a primitive "truth." and this is where boll falls short. it's like he's seen the movies and not understood them. everything on the checklist is there...bs about "making a statement about humanity," an obscene torture scene, etc. but it is, as crisanti puts it, "cold." the gore is all cgi. the whole thing feels like scenes pieced together from other movies of various genres. and the pacing is sooooo slow. man, so slow.another interesting note: the one gore scene really reminded me of a video game.anyway, enough bs. weak movie.

over the past year, uwe boll has shown marginal improvement as a filmmaker, cranking out the competent "in the name of the king" (a "lord of the rings" clone) and the proudly vulgar, post-9/11 satire "postal." but then came "seed," and the counter was reset to zero, keeping his bid for legitimacy and respect that much further out of reach. and i'm a fan of the guy–his films exhibit a uniquely screwball vision, and are never dull.spawned from his frustration over the savage notices his early films received, "seed" is a colossally misguided attempt at social commentary, and an even worse jab at creating an iconic slasher mythology (boll often seems to be taking a page from rob zombie's successful reboot of "halloween"). the antagonist is maxwell seed (will sanderson), a mute, hulking brute who's slain 666 people and sits on death row, awaiting execution; after unsuccessfully frying the beast, he rises from the grave to seek revenge on those who put him there...and so begins a string of wholly gratuitous mayhem.trying to create a new-millennium slasher in the vein of michael myers or jason voorhees, max seed is too nondescript and boring to leave an impression, ultimately resembling a washed-up pro wrestler doing "the toolbox murders" on a succession of equally boring victims. furthermore, seed's character and boll's "message" run contrary to one another: the death penalty is wrong, sure, but are we really expected to sympathize with a soulless killer who's left a couple hundred corpses in his wake? i think not.meanwhile, michael pare acts like a listless, long-lost brother to james remar's character on "dexter": a cop who sits at his desk a lot, thumbing through newspaper clippings, and watching pointless stop-motion scenes of decomposing animals and people trapped in seed's lair. by the time he and a bunch of cardboard cops storm seed's hideout, the sequence is so drawn-out, ill-conceived (the lighting is almost non-existent), and unexciting (despite a healthy dose of gore) that it almost put me to sleep.the shoddy film-making isn't limited to just that sequence: "seed" appears to have been shot by a drunken cinematographer, since the camera bobs and weaves endlessly, a technique that's more stomach-turning than the gore itself; these protracted takes of very little happening only draw attention to the meandering, almost non-existent narrative. at 90 minutes, the film is distended enough to be considered a form of torture, which might have been boll's intent all along.pure genius...i guess the joke's on me.

first off... i never considered myself an uwe boll hater since i think i never even saw one of his movies but after seeing this cheap excuse for a movie named "seed" (which is the name of the serial killer this movie is about) i am close to joining the hate club. this movie makes absolutely no sense at all... the plot is a joke and although boll clearly tries to get attention by shocking people 90% of this movie is just plain boredom. you can sum up this movie like this: 1. hooded killer watches clips of animals getting tortured on tv. this is real life footage from pelt farms and the movie opens with the ridiculous reason of "making a statement about humanity" and giving a peta address. since this movie has no message at all and is the worst piece of torture porn-exploitation you already have a reason to hate the movie from the beginning onward.2. death by electrocution with a pretext that gives away what happens later in this movie printed on screen so every retard gets it.3. cops watch videos of animals, babies and women starved to death and decomposing in seeds basement, having stupid nightmares and crying into their whiskey because seed is such an evil bad mofo. although the acting is ok the movie takes a dive every time it tries to incorporate any emotions... 4. cops bust seed in his house, act stupid and get slashed in the dark. this sequence reminds me of a video game, you barely see anything except flashlights. seed is a super killer that is everywhere at once and all cops act stupid enough to be killed... except for one who busts him.5. seed gets the chair and we see his electrocution as lengthy as everything else in this "movie"... he won't die and we are reminded of the opening statement that he must be set free if he survives 3 electric jolts. guess what... they just bury him alive to solve the problem.6. seed comes out of his grave, kills everyone off in another slashing part and then seeks the main cop to take revenge on.7. a woman gets her head bashed in with a hammer in an endless sequence from one point of view just for the fun and shock value of it. 8. seed captures the cops family, lures him to his house, threatens to kill his wife and daughter. after killing his wife with a nail gun the cop shoots himself in the head considering thats whats seed wants (its hard to get into that guys head since he not just wears his mask even in prison but also never utters a word ... the movie has barely any dialog anyway so don't mind).9. boll goes for a nihilistic shocker end where seed locks the daughter in with her dead dad to rot like the persons we saw on video on sequence 3.this is it... no message, no plot, no reason, no face behind the mask, no background except a stupid story that seed was burnt as a child.this movie relies purely on few key scenes and their shock value. i hardly remember a movie this empty of any emotion or message or entertainment. its like watching august underground ... thats fine with me, some people will enjoy this brainless snuff. but what is really hard to stand about it is the pseudo-message in the beginning and the fact that the movie is well made considering camera-work, effects and even the acting is too good for this waste of celluloid. so how does boll get money to make such "movies" when thousands of talented directors work on shoestring budgets?? "seed" is not just the essence of ridiculous, its living proof that the free market is flawed ... lucky uwe that the german taxpayer is paying for a lot of this waste to get deductments.

consider for a moment what it must be like to be uwe boll. somewhere, perhaps in those places that jack nicholson said 'you don't talk about at parties', boll knows that david lean had head lice as a child that had more talent for film making than him. gore whores, metal-heads and the socially dysfunctional may bump into him on the circuit and tell him otherwise but general audiences find the teutonic helmsman's output so bereft of originality, wit or imagination that he's become the internet's bogeyman – an online discursive synonym for photochemical excrement. boll does his best to ride over these naysayers, exploiting tax credits available in germany and canada to keep working and raising money from a network of dentists as zero mostel did with old ladies in the producers. the difference being that mostel's character knew he was making bowel fill. maybe uwe knows it too.such is the level of hostility toward each new 'bollbuster' that imdb patrons sabotage their ratings by voting 1 before they've seen it. boll's attempts at silencing his critics by challenging them to a boxing match and knocking them out just made them more determined. indeed he's probably the only filmmaker that's boosted thesaurus sales as critics search for inventive ways of describing garbage.this onslaught has made uwe a very thick skinned man, so much so that he must feel like he's wrapped in a carpet, but one who feels as if he's bullied by the entire world. like most people in that situation he lashes out, determined to upset as many people as possible with the memory of a tearful evening holding variety's review of house of the dead, never too far from the surface. this 'i know you are but what am i' strategy for reclaiming the initiative produced the blunt satire of postal, which attempted to napalm the dissenters with jokes about 9/11, christian fundamentalism, jihad, nazism and paedophilia. such a litany of invective requires a satirist with the mind of peter cook and the visual imagination of chris morris but the closest boll gets to either man is the o in their surname.in seed, shot back to back with the aforementioned game adaptation, boll is back with a story about a sadistic serial murderer (is there any other kind?) who gets the chair only for two attempts to fail in permanently curtailing all signs of life. mindful of the fictional law that says anyone still alive after 3 attempts must go free, though if you'd been fried with that much electricity why would you want to, they pronounce him legally dead and bury him, only for the disgruntled killer to resurface and begin a whirlwind tour of his gaolers.boll begins his 'exploration of nihilistic rage' with seed watching footage of animals being tortured for experimental purposes. from there we're treated to the killer's stock in trade – kidnapping dogs, babies and grown women and allowing them to starve to death on camera only to become maggot food. we're invited to reflect on what a depraved race of amoral meat sacks we all are – our inhumanity to each other and our fellow creatures acting as a lighting rod that acts as a catalyst for the most disgusting vestiges of the human condition. yes, we're worthless, gormless sadists and worse than that, we won't give uwe a good rating on the imdb. in short, humanity is bunk.of course you might think that uwe relies on our worst excesses for his livelihood and with that in mind it's a bit of a bipolar piece, on one hand hating its audience and positively basting itself in the sour milk of human kindness – the milk that poor old boll has had to drink for so long, while simultaneously whipping out its member and inviting those with a pornographic lust for on screen depravity to marvel at its sheer arse splitting girth.the result says nothing about society and its discontents, more the corrosive effect bad press is having on its director. poor uwe is obviously a very angry man – one scene in which a poor woman gets her brains hammered to a pulp while tied to a chair, no doubt a surrogate for his own fantasy's about dispatching various web critics. that it's there but takes an avant-garde approach by failing to be attached to any kind of narrative thread, shows that boll is a pornographer whose happy to engage with the blood lust of his audience and knows that plot is surplus to requirements. he's made a film which is competently shot but utterly desolate. "i wanted to make a horror movie that was no fun" boll told the audience at the film's world premiere and he has, on that flimsy manifesto, succeeded but if this was supposed to convince the director's detractors that he was a serious genre filmmaker, he'll need something genuine to say as well as a better, more original way of saying it.

dissapointing action movie with an interesting premise: a young mafia would-to-be killer (chandler) must demonstrate to his boss that he is a good man for the service so he goes to california to take some lessons with a very known professional killer (beluschi). first and most important task: to kill a young woman (lee) that is a completely strange for all of them. but is she a easy target? the movie goes on and on based upon this principal idea but the result is just bad routine; even the weird twist at the end does not save the movie. good performance by chandler. i give this a 4 (four).

i can't believe the positive reviews of this movie - i thought it was one of the worst, most poorly executed and poorly acted movies i have ever seen. and the plot was completely ludicrous (sp?). she starts making out with him while he's tied to the chair? puh-lease. the worst part was that it wasn't even bad in a good, laughable way. just plain terrible - i couldn't figure out why they even bothered to show it on hbo. i thought belushi was ridiculously silly - very unbelievable as an "eccentric" hit man. idk, i could go on - again, i am shocked by the positive reviews. the only thing that kept me watching it is that it's fascinating to see how a movie can go wrong and what makes it bad. and the ending didn't disappoint in its silliness either! "live by the sword, die by the sword..." ridiculous.

i'll be honest- the reason i rented this movie was because i am a huge fan of kyle chandler's (most notably from early edition). since he usually plays the good guy, i wanted to see him as in a different role (out of curiosity). the plot itself also drew me in; a wanna-be hitman (tony greco- a.k.a. mr. chandler) must kill a person at random before he is trusted with the life- or, rather, the death- of a witness who will testify against someone in "the family". the movies was nothing like i expected. it was sick, i hated the end (if you saw it, you'd know why), and there were so many unnecessary parts. basically- it was filthy, and made little sense. yes, it was a mob movie, and yes the guns do go boom. but there's more to a movie than that. this film acted as if it didn't have the time to go into detail- just deal with it and understand it. the acting really made up for it- james belushi was pretty amusing as "the rose". sheryl lee made angel seem as believable as she could get. she surprised me the most. and kyle chandler was equally convincing as an anxious newcomer to "the family". if only the script did justice to the actors.

this film is described as a action/comedy. the first 15 minutes and james belushi's presence point to it being a humorous gangster film.however, the introduction of the ridiculous female lead begins a number of ludicrous plot twists which do little to conceal the contrived ending. the film moves between comedy(description used loosely) and surreal drama with some out of context adult scenes thrown in. the lead female (the angel of the title) is poorly acted and the actress is not helped by the script which requires some unbelievable, extremes of character to be portrayed. james belushi is the only one who handles his part well but is also let down by the poor script. one to avoid.

it kept my attention to the end, however, without spoiling the film for anyone....... when she fixed the fridge by getting a book from the library, you knew how the film would end when she went back to library for a book on self defence against and assassin. the film, for me, said nothing of worth.... is becoming an assassin really a remedy for mental illness or just another symptom.

this is the most elementary sort of traditional ghost story, not even enlivened to any great extent by the use of irish locations. if the great m.r. james had ever come up with a tale this thin -- doesn't james in fact have a story called "a thin ghost"? -- he wouldn't have bothered to have it published.orson welles appears in the limp endpieces as a favour to a brace of old friends, this film's producers. his presence and the one movie industry in-joke would have earned this will-o'-the-wisp its oscar nomination. this is yet more proof, if any more were needed, that the academy awards have never been any guarantee of merit.

i almost drowned in cheese watching this movie. in fact i could not even finish it. i want my money back. one more of hollywood's feeble attempts to come up with a new idea. good thing i keep a bowl of lemons in the fridge. just in case. they should of gave nic cage a hat and a bull-whip. swashbucklin'. cage's performance in raising arizona or leaving las vegas beats this "lemon". people who are completely and totally marketed(and most of them are) should love this movie. if this film had been animated, i would have taken it more seriously. i would of rather paid to see a completely stupid movie that did not try to hide it. in my opinion, this was a incredibly stupid movie and it made a even more incredibly sad attempt to try and hide that fact.all the sheep seem to love it though.

wow, this movie was so horrible. i'm so glad i didn't have to pay money to see this horrible movie. it was like a history nut went on a coke binge! the previews of it made it look decent but it was really bad. i will say the idea sounded decent but come on. it was really really bad. if u sat down and thought about it you would also realize it was unrealistic. come on back in the day u think they had all that stuff to work with. it wasn't like ben franklin sat down one day and made a damn riddle. it was completely ridiculous, and it you want to see a bad movie then by all means go see this one. all and all horrible movie it might actually be on my top 10 worst films i've ever seen.

how this film gains a 6.7 rating is beyond belief. it deserves nothing better than a 2.0 and clearly should rank among imdb's worst 100 films of all time. national treasure is an affront to the national intelligence and just yet another assault made on american audiences by hollywood. critics told of plot holes you could drive a 16 wheeler through.i love the justifications for this movie being good... "nicholas cage is cute." come on people, no wonder people around the world think americans are stupid. this has to be the most stupid, insulting movie i have ever seen. if you wanted to see an actually decent film this season, consider kinsey, the woodsman, million dollar baby or sideways. national treasure unfortunately got a lot more publicity than those terrific films. i bet most of you reading this haven't even heard of them, since some haven't been widely released yet.nicholas cage is a terrific actor - when he is in the right movies. time after time i've seen cage waste his terrific talent in awful mind-numbing films like con air, the rock and face-off. when his talent is put to good use like in charlie kaufman's adaptation he is an incredible actor.bottom line - i'd rather feed my hand to a wood chipper than be subjected to this visual atrocity again.

and so the great rewriting of history continues hollywood style.this was senseless ridiculous rubbish.its shocks me that such an amazing amount of money can be spent to produce what is the most contrived, poorly acted inaccurate film i have ever seen. it is appalling.nic cage's brief flirtation with serious acting appears to be over. i can only assume that leaving las vegas was a glitch in an otherwise litany of dreadful films.diane kruger proves that her performance in troy was no fluke, she really can't act.harvey keitel should be ashamed of himself for working on such tripe.only recommended for those either recovering from a recent lobotomy or people of an opinion that america invented the world.

what a disappointment! i hated the mummy but this one was even worse! it was very tiring and unbelievable and at a certain point i found myself sighing and yawning all the time. i can't believe that people actually liked this movie. the role of nicholas cage wasn't very convincing. the whole movie felt like a grand tour around america's most wanted buildings. the never stopping flow of hints and combinations wasn't very convincing either. i stopped paying attention around 30 minutes. what was supposed to be a happy night out became a total disappointment. what a drag... i guess i've just seen too many movies to enjoy national treasure.

i have seen many good korean movies including thrillers and movies with darker overtone, but this one sucks. the director seems to be a sadist, who happened to get someone to produce some junk. the movie lacks any sort of entertainment value and is not even a thriller. i can't believe someone really made such a movie. even though acting is ok, the story line and the feeling it leaves is awful.i am sure, i am not going to see any movies of this director. no sense of movie making, and utter disappointment in having thriller moments. all this has is showing scenes with psychopath wasting the reels with badly shot scenes and showing more blood and violence thinking that makes it thrilling. very disappointing movie and i strongly recommend skipping all the movies of this sort.

'say yes' is one of those flicks that you keep hoping is going to get better, but it never does. it's the kind of 'motiveless psychopath decides to menace an innocent couple' crapfest, so beloved of straight to video film-makers. the dialogue is clunky and, in several places, poorly translated. the acting is uniformly poor, especially from the villain of the piece, played by joong-hoon park. he seems to think that by not blinking and trying to talk in a deep voice he is making his character seem threatening, when all it really does is make him seem a bit simple.the plot deserves special mention, as it is idiotic beyond all belief. the 'heroes' don't think it overly strange that their hitchhiker threatens to kill them. the 'heroine' twice manages to miss seeing the villain when he is no more than a foot away from her. the villain gets past a police checkpoint (while wearing a shirt covered in blood, and a bloody head bandage) by showing the cops a burnt corpse in the passenger seat of the car he is driving. the villain is punched, clubbed with a shovel and stuck through with a pitchfork, but never seems to be impeded by these, rather serious, injuries. and don't even get me started on that terrible 'twist' ending. sheesh.the only plus point in this film, for me, is sang mi chu. who is very pretty, but really no more than a mediocre actress.overall, this film comes off like a poorly written, flaccidly acted and shockingly directed attempt to copy 'the hitcher' and 'spoorloos', but it fails at every turn due to a lack of talent in everyone involved.

this film is not deserved of the next few minutes i will spend criticizing it, but i know many people, like myself, rely on imdb.com to assist in deciding on films. for that reason alone, i am writing this."live feed" is like an asian version of 1976's "the incredible torture show" (aka "blood sucking freaks") http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0077247/. torture, dismemberment, murder, cannibalism... sure, it's all here along with a third-grade script, pathetic acting, and a perverted failure of an attempt at black comedy.the film takes place in china, yet everyone speaks english. there is an abundance of girls in the film who are horrified by the butchering of dogs in a marketplace, yet are sexually excited about entering a porno parlor. one gal who is disgusted by the filth in a restroom stall moments later is still there having at it with her friends boyfriend (how he even got in there might be the only engaging thing about this whole film.) the film is absolutely awful, even for a b-movie. even if you were to download it for free, it would be an insult to your hard drive.

whoa nelly! i've heard a ton of mixed reviews for this...but one of my go to hardcore horror reviewers really found it to be disappointing. man was he right on the nose! this movie was acted by pure amateurs. they had to have done one take, maybe two on each scene, the movie seemed soooo rushed. the script was also poor....they had lines that tried to be unique but failed. miserably. "get your meathooks off of me!" oh man, i hate it when movies try to do that. it happens all the time with comedies...but, with a horror movie and with below average actors....the results are incredibly pathetic. the lines and scenarios were all very predictable. but what made me feel so negative towards this movie was, again, the damn acting. it was awful. besides by the little asian guy who worked the booth. i thought he was great.the movie is about 5 stupid dumbsh!t tourist who are on a vacation in asia. they end up at the wrong place and fall into the hands of a mafia run sex/slaughterhouse. sounds like a cool story. but watching someone with a bad case of diarrhea is probably more fun and intense to watch. the only reason this is considered horror is because of the killing. there wasn't a trace of suspense.i like many other horror fans were dying to get their bloody little mitts on this. but unfortunately with a huge capital u, the movie was incredibly disappointing. i did enjoy the ankle break and the blood effects. the flabby chicks were also so so.everything about this movie screams amateur. this is ryan nicholson's first feature length, and for the most part he failed. there's no denying he has a sick sense of humor and taste for horror. i pray his next movie doesn't play out like another b horror flick...unless he tells us that's what it's gonna be. even after this disappointment i'm willing to give ryan another shot. from what i've seen of him, he's a true, dedicated man to the genre. good luck next time, because this was bad news.

there was no characterization in this movie and really shows how much this talentless hack who directed this needs to learn his craft. all his characters in this movie were so unlikable and i could care less. the best point in this movie was the end credits and the hour long shower after this cause i felt so damn dirty that i wasted money on this stinking load. hey genius....triads and yakuza are from two different places learn something about asian culture. the dog scene in this felt so tacked on and useless. this dvd does prove useful i do love my new coaster.so kids don't waste your cash on this crap buy hostel instead.

this movie is a lot like the movie hostel, except with *bad* acting and not much suspense. the gore elements are there, but you don't really feel anything for the characters, making the violence not very effective. some parts are just strange... like forcing a snake down someones throat. what's up with that? is that supposed to be scary or gory? it's just kind of stupid. as for torture, there really isn't any (except for the guy getting blow-torched in the beginning, which they don't show anyway). the main bad guy keeps saying "make them die slowly", yet the butcher kills them all very fast. the deaths are all relatively quick. yes, i did watch the "unrated" version. so, overall, not the worst gore movie i've seen, but not at all good either. you won't miss anything if you skip this one.

some gorehound-friends recommended "live feed" to me, and basically i can't really complain as the film certainly does deliver copious amounts of gross smut and buckets full of sleaze, but it is of course not a very good film. more than obviously cashing in on the latest trend in horror cinema, the so-called torture porn, ryan nicholson tries to surpass every other film in this sub genre (and that includes the role models "hostel" and "saw") with its sick & twisted make-up effects and thoroughly depraved shots of naked co-eds tried up, suffering and begging for their lives. there's no actual plot to describe. five utterly brainless twenty-something friends take a trip to asia. one of them has asian roots, but other than that i don't really know why they opted to travel there instead of to cancun. they're clearly not interested in the continents culture and even cause a hectic scene when they witness a local butchering a cute puppy dog on the market. the quintet subsequently dives into the lurid night life and one of them accidentally insults the leader of a criminal clan. a simply apology clearly doesn't suffice, as the gangster follow them into an adult theater and gradually subject all of them to vicious torture. one girl has her breast impaled and another poor wench even has a poisonous snake shoved down her throat; yikes. "live feed" is surprisingly boring despite of all the bloodshed and the amateurish production values are quite difficult to overlook, even if you're used to watching independent fan-boy trash cinema like this. the fat bloke depicted on the cover, an oriental s&m executioner, is admittedly quite cool and he's also the most talented of the whole bunch, because he at least keeps his mouth shut the entire time. i wouldn't exactly recommend this pile of filth, but hey, if you like loud & hideous metal music, nauseating torture footage and dim-witted losers, go right ahead and watch!

i wasn't at all a fan of the 2005 gore fest hit "hostel", and most of these lame ass knock-offs are just as bad or worse - yet "live feed" managed to keep me somewhat entertained for about the first 30 minutes. started off with plenty of sex and sleazy settings, followed by some good death scenes involving the chinese organized crime squad and a 7-foot, leather-aproned butcher... what put me out of the movie was the tough 'hero' with the guns and a grudge saving the day... i would call this movie mediocre, at best, since a premise mainly involving obnoxious young people being slaughtered in a seedy porno theater, doubling as a hideout for the mafia, is appealing to me. if only the torture was prolonged enough to be thoroughly effective, then my rating would have differed greatly. unfortunately, most of the gruesomeness is heaped together in one scene, leaving the rest of the movie to conclude as a revenge-type scenario. so, basically, it is just a low-budget "hostel" rip-off with the redeeming use of gratuitous sex, almost constant during the first half of the film... overall, i would say don't bother with this one.

first i'd like to excuse my bad english.i'm not a hostel-hardcore-fan, but i liked that movie nevertheless. live feed, however, sucked big time! i have never seen a gore-movie with superb acting, but hey, who's surprised? the acting in live feed was... well, not there! i've seen some commented this as it must have been a school project or something. okey, but not by students in media or acting school. this was no class at all! and what about the story? a really sad rip-off on hostel. and what about the gore? what about the psychopathic torture scenes that supposed to make your guts twist and leave you cold-sweating? that was the most disappointing about the hole movie! short, quick and no edge. more like an execution rather than a torture. okey, there where buckets of blood, but it didn't even look real. the slaughtering and the violence reminded more of braindead than hostel or any of the saw-movies. and braindead was fun! okey, i laughed at live feed a couple of times, but that was more out of disappointment than out of sheer fun!so instead of wasting 80 minutes by watching live feed, watch anything else!

anyone who has said that it's better than hostel is talking complete crap, believe me i'm not a fan of hostel but this is just ridiculous. this is just another shot on camcorder, straight to dvd, low on ideas waste of your time, i can't believe how many of these films there are and i'm yet to see a decent one. in the 80's video nasties, gore and horror movies were made with no budget but a great story and a load of new ideas and most importantly the heart and soul of the director who had something to say. now they just seem to be pumped out in an attempt to trick people browsing in blockbuster to rent a copy, until people stop doing this then i guess these films will keep appearing. this film is so low on ideas it's just amazing how it ever got made, the acting is also terrible, the location completely unconvincing and the soundtrack is so annoying it beggars belief. this waste of time has absolutely nothing going for it, unless you're on a quest to compile a list of the worst movies of all time. my best/worst part of the film is when a female character is pointing a gun at someone and threatening to shoot them if they don't back off, you can see that she isn't even covering the trigger with her finger just holding the grip. an absolute joke.

i agree with the last reviewer that this movie had terrible acting. yes, there was a lot of gore and some nudity. but it was overshadowed by a slow-moving, meaningless plot and dumb ending. where was this supposed to be filmed anyway: a canadian chinatown or hong kong? hostel was a much better movie and i would recommend seeing that instead. a technical annoyance i had with the dvd is that if you shut off the spanish subtitles, they return after a few scenes and then you have to go back to the main menu and turn them off again. also, don't waste your time on the deleted scenes because there's no audio and it just looks like tourist footage.

2005 gave us the very decent "gore porn" flick hostel, and 2006 gave us live feed; a not so decent rip-off of hostel. live feed follows pretty much the same formula as eli roth's earlier film, except this time the dumb kids are in asia rather than central europe. the plot focuses on these dumb kids, and one of them has annoyed one of the locals so they find themselves in trouble. the locals decide to lock them all in a theatre, and kill them. despite the fact that i'd heard some less than favourable things about this film before seeing it, i still hoped that it might be at least half decent because director ryan nicholson previously made the very decent 45 minute rape and revenge film 'torched', but this film falls down simply because most of it is either ridiculous or boring. the film is obviously trying to hark back to the good old days of grindhouse cinema (which hostel did, successfully), but it really doesn't come off. surprisingly, considering nicholson's previous work in special effects - not even the gore is impressive...although it is a lot better than the acting! there's not much else i can say about this film...it's bad and not in a good way. avoid it!

an obvious b-grade effort to cash in on the hostel/saw buzz, my expectations for this film were low (really low!) and yet it still managed to disappoint on every level. the acting is so bad it's not even funny, the plot-line is non-existent and the only scare was realizing that i had wasted 1hour 21 minutes watching it! i'm surprised to note that 34 people gave it a 10 star rating. i can only suspect that 33 of these are cast and crew. the 34th is possibly the directors mother? - although i'm sure even she would find it hard to go higher than a 2! dvd extras include an hour long "making of" feature. which raises the question, "why?" (although perhaps it serves to demonstrate what not to do!). avoid at all costs.

i just want to start by saying this is the first review of a film i have done on the net. i felt the need to warn people about this film because it truly is one of the worst films i have ever seen. after reading interviews with the director he says he respects constructive criticism and so i will try to avoid bashing the film just for the sake of it and offer my opinions as to why i found it to be so catastrophically terrible.1. the actors. i know the budget may not have allowed for great thespians but with nicholson working in the industry for over ten years surely he knew some actors who were at least average.2. the incredibly lame make up and special effects. once again budget obviously interfered with what was originally intended but after working in make up for so many years there is really no excuse.3. the obvious similarities to hostel. whilst not being exactly a rip off it sure does try to cash in on the former films success. only problem is roth knew where he was going and exactly how to get there...4. the music. not at all creepy or haunting not even sickening just plain annoying.5. the script in general. all dialogue was forced and terrible! also the sub plots about the theatre and the guy who comes in to save them were weak as and almost like an afterthought.6. the editing. wtf. how jarring, and not in a good way. nuf said.seriously i would like to hear the director's thoughts on my post (he no doubt frequents his pages on imdb.) cause buddy... what were you thinking. surely at some point during either the shooting or editing you realised what a turkey yolu had on your hands... sorry i don't want to be harsh but you must have more talent than this i hope your next feature that gutterballs movie or wahtever is better, hopefully practice makes progress.but in the mean time avoid this like the plague. i want my 81 mins back with interest. (at least i didn't pay to watch it.)

live feed is set in some unnamed chinese/japanese asian district somewhere as five american friends, sarah (ashley schappert), emily (taayla markell), linda (caroline chojnacki), mike (lee tichon) & darren (rob scattergood) are enjoying a night on the town & taking in the sights. after a scuffle in a bar with a japanese triad boss (stephen chang) they decide to check out a porno theatre, as you would. inside they are separated & quickly find out that the place belongs to the triad boss who uses it to torture & kill people for reasons which aren't made clear. can local boy miles (kevan ohtsji) save them?this canadian production was co-written, produced & directed by ryan nicholson who also gets a prosthetic effects designer credit as well, one has to say that live feed is another pretty poor low budget shot on a camcorder type horror film that seems to exist only to cash in on the notoriety & success of hostel (2005) & the mini craze for 'torture porn' as it's become known. according the imdb's 'trivia' section for live feed writer & director nicholson wrote it after hearing about certain activities taking place in live sex theatres, for my money i reckon he wrote it after watching hostel! the script is pretty poor, there is no basic reason given as to why this porno theatre has a big fat ugly freak dressed in bondage gear lurking around torturing & killing people, none. was it for the triads? was it for his pleasure? was it to make snuff films to sell? some sort of explanation would have been nice. also why did he turn on the triad boss at the end? if your looking for a film with a coherent story then forget about live feed. it seemed to me to be some sort of uneasy misjudged mix of sex, s&m, horror, torture, gore & action films which doesn't come off. i mean just setting a horror film in a porn theatre isn't automatically going to make your film any good, there still needs to be a decent script & story, right? the character's were fairly poor clichés & some of their actions & motivations were more than a little bit questionable. it moves along at a reasonable pace, it's fairly sleazy mixing gore, sex & nudity but it does look cheap which lessens the effect.director nicholson doesn't do anything special here, the editing is choppy & annoying, he seems to think lighting almost every scene with neon lights is a good idea & the film has a cheap look about it. available in both 'r' & 'unrated' versions i saw the shorter cut 'r' version which really isn't that gory but i am prepared to give the benefit of the doubt to the 'unrated' version & say that it might be much, much gorier but i can't say for sure. there's a fair amount of nudity too if that's your thing. i wouldn't say there's much of an atmosphere or many scares here because there isn't & aren't respectively although it does have a sleazy tone in general which is something it has going for it i suppose.technically live feed isn't terribly impressive, the blood looks a little too watery for my liking & entire scenes bathed in annoying neon lights sometimes makes it hard to tell whats happening, it to often looks like it was shot on a hand-held camcorder & the choppy editing at least on the 'r' rated version is at times an annoying mess. shot on location in an actual porn theatre somewhere in vancouver in canada. the acting is poor, sometimes i couldn't tell if the actresses in this were supposed to be crying or laughing...live feed is not a film i would recommend anyone to rush out & buy or rent, i didn't think much of it with it's very weak predictable storyline lacking exposition & which goes nowhere, poor acting & less than impressive gore (at least in the 'r' rated cut anyway). watch either hostel films again or instead as they are superior.

when you look at this now and hear all the language in here, it's amazing this was rated "pg," but that's the 1970s rating system for you. peter falk spews out the lord's name in vain six times in the first ten minutes alone in this movie! yet, few people consider that offensive, and certainly not the scumbags who make movies nor the people who "rate" them.the cast is a clue to how profane this film can be: falk, peter boyle, allen garfield, warren oates, gena rowlands and paul sorvino aren't exactly actors you wouldn't find in "the sound of music."i like heist movies, and a lot of films by director william friedkin, but this script doesn't deliver and it just has way too much of the "sleazy '70s" feel to it, visually and audibly. for those who loved falk in tv's "columbo" it must come as a shock to hear him use as much profanity as he did in films. this is far from the only case.

as far as heist movies go, this one is pretty weak. continuity is pretty lousy, there isn't enough character continuity to really feel like you understand any of the characters. peter falk is great, and he is one of the reasons its worth watching. falk has some great lines, like "he'll be right back, he goin' buy to some saugages" or something like that... there are a few nice scenes, although they are entirely due to the efforts of the actors. direction, script, and editing is pretty lousy.

ok, so mr. agrama's company (which is involved in some dubious business with former italian pm silvio berlusconi) produced a horrendous mish-mash by a mr. carl macek.what is this horrendous mish-mash i'm talking about? well, macek took three entirely unrelated japanese sci-fi animated series (namely, macross, southern cross and mospeada), added tons of dialogue - believing firmly that the american audience is too dumb to understand the narrative and artistic virtue of silence - , edited the whole lot heavily for violent content, added some metaphysical mumbo jumbo, dubbed it using some of the worst voice actors this side of acting hell (reba west's singing was - and still is - unbearable and a total outrage, especially compared to mrs. mari iijima)... and the result was an 85-episode series with hundreds of continuity problems and plot holes.of course, the mecha were cool to look at (especially those in the "macross saga") and the plot parts that remained unscathed were good. but whatever was good about robotech was not the result of macek's work or the "voice talents" he recruited. it was because of the toils and efforts of the (uncredited - why? would i be too bold to accuse hg of plagiarism here?) japanese creators. those of us who eventually got wind of the real deal and compared the originals to robotech now wish we had never been exposed to robotech. the originals are so much better, naturally, and make a lot more sense.robotech, however, did something worthwhile: it prompted legendary anime creator leiji matsumoto to start a campaign for the protection of japanese anime creators' intellectual property from such unauthorized and uncalled-for reworkings that talentless people like carl macek produce.

my wife and i really had high hopes for this film, but it was a major disappointment. it was a native american version of mr. magoo. a pathetic father who fails at everything he tries e.g. fishing, hunting, in an obvious way he subjects his family to his wild fantasies. his "visions" are not only ridiculous but in the process he lies to his son numerous times about various obvious things. words cannot express how bad this film is. the children and wife are very real which makes the film even sadder. i don't get the humor... unless you like laughing at other people making a fool of themselves. i don't get how this could have come up for awards. save your bucks, it's not worth the rental.

this movie is ridiculous. anyone saying the acting is great and the casting is superb have never seen even mediocre cinema. the acting is obviously terrible in the first 5 characters you meet. lame. i feel like all the other "soaring" comments must have been made by people associated with the filmmakers. i was not very impressed by the storyline, but just wanted to see some beautiful oregon countryside, and there was some decent cinematography--but the casting was anything but inspired. i think this movie also makes a mockery of the generally noble suggestion that something deep in the amerindian culture has been ignored and perhaps lost and that reviving it is worthwhile, and possible. it places jokes in the wrong and all-too-obvious places, and makes me think it was written by the state department or something. back to the drawing board. to even suggest that this film deserves a place in the same vicinity of classics like harold and maude is absolutely retarded, and along the same line of begging and pretension and "joking" as is rampant in this film.

as a native film professor, i can honestly say that this is perhaps one of the worst films with native content that i have ever viewed. i would rather get a root canal than view this film again. the use of stereotyping, uncreative attempts at utilizing portions of traditional coyote stories and poor camera work were only made worse by the glib uncreative story-line and bad script. the writer and director have displayed the worst parts of a colonized approach to portraying native people and communities. if this person is native, they need to go home and apologize to everyone they know for being an apple and for the internalized racism and poor sense of humor that they have developed. if this person is non-native, they need to seriously re-examine their white privilege and ask themselves if they are displaying unexamined, unintentional racism, or if they are intentionally being ignorant. my only hope is that the native actors in this film had a good time and at least got paid for their efforts. if you want to see good native films then check out: christmas in the clouds, dance me outside, medicine river, powwow highway, smoke signals...to name just a few.

"fungicide" is quite possibly the most incompetent, embarrassing, pitiful "film" i have ever seen. the acting is criminal, the direction practically non-existent, and the special effects presumably put together by unleashing a monkey with learning difficulties on a defenceless laptop computer.far be it from me to stifle creativity, but i actually believe things like this shouldn't be made. i am sure the "film"-makers will say that, yes, the "film" was hampered by a low (as in nothing) budget - but in that case they just really shouldn't have bothered. as it is, they have offered the world something so dire, so execrable, that only imbeciles could get the merest shade of enjoyment from it.starting the "movie" it wasn't as though i was expecting "citizen kane" or anything. i was expecting a low budget little horror with perhaps a modicum of inventiveness, a hint of fun, and even some energy. what i got was the cinematic equivalent of a used handkerchief.the plot? well, our leering antihero scientist, who works in his parents' basement, is seen manically stirring some goo in a cup. apparently, such high-level science is the end-result of years of research. his parents then send him off to a strange hotel-type place in the countryside to relax. there are some other people there, who are simply too awful to write about. anyway, the scientist drops his test-tube onto some mushrooms - and soon the mushrooms grow and kill some people. (wow, i'm getting suicidal just writing the plot summary). our heroes save the day by detonating a barrel of balsamic vinegar (by attaching a "fuse" - really a piece of string - to it). the barrel unaccountably explodes with the power of a small nuclear weapon, destroying all the mushrooms. the end. (thank goodness).that summary is as good as the "film" gets (and actually makes it sound a lot more interesting than it actually is). it really should never have got past this stage of development (by which i mean a plot outline scribbled on the back of an envelope with crayons). somebody should have really stepped in and given someone a vigorous shake and said "no." and those "special" effects. well, they're "special" all right. this is cgi gone crazy. and done by a person who i can only assume believes the bicycle pump to be the pinnacle of modern technology. and when the mushroom monsters are not in the style of a 1984 home computer graphics package, they are represented by actors shuffling along covered in a sheet (i kid you not).one of the most inexcusable things about the movie is its laziness. this can be summed up by the scene in which the hero spins his guns (a la clint eastwood) and then fails miserably to get them in his pockets. i mean come on, a couple of retakes and he could have pulled it off, but just to leave it as it is - really weak.i cannot believe money was spent on this camcorder-shot rubbish. the "film"-makers should hang their heads in shame and be banned from going within fifty metres of any movie-making equipment.i also think it's wrong that friends and family of the makers come onto imdb and post mendacious reviews and give stupidly high user ratings which give a totally inaccurate picture of the "movie." "fungicide" is an absolute travesty of film-making. mr wascavage is either very, very stupid or very, very cynical.

if you are the sort of person who can get a kick out of a very bad movie, then i highly recommend this one. if you aren't, stay away. this is an astonishingly cheap-looking movie, and at times you may find yourself wondering if it isn't just a prank someone is pulling on you. the most positive comment i can make about it is that the people responsible seemed to realize that it was super-low-budget nonsense, so there is at least a sense of fun here.but this is as amateurish as it gets. their idea of giant killer mushrooms are simply guys covered with beige colored sheets with what looks like trash can covers on their heads. it's obviously not meant to be taken seriously (to say the least), but even with that disclaimer you'll find yourself shaking your head at the awesome cheesiness of it all. or laughing out loud frequently, as i did.

this was just horrible the plot was just ok, but the rest of the was was bad . i mean come on puppet and then they even tried to make the movie digital and that made it even worse! normally i would like low-budget movie but this was just a waste of time and almost made me want to return the set that it came on. i have about ten low-budget movie set with like 6-8 movies on them and i would have to say this is the worse movie out of all of them. also the wording is off and they use a fake plastic machetes that doesn't even look like a real one, they could of used one that looked even a little close to a real one so save your time and money and don't watch this horrorible movie.

frank tashlin's 'the home front' is one of the more lifeless private snafu shorts, a series of cartoons made as instructional films for the military. rather than have snafu take some inadvisable actions leading to disaster, 'the home front' instead focuses on his loved ones back home and how much they have to offer to the war effort too. snafu realises he was wrong when he thought they had it easy. it's a concept with few possibilities for good gags and instead tashlin plays the risqué card more heavily, extended jokes involving strippers and scantily clad dancing girls in place of much effective comic relief. the result is a well-meaning short which has little relevance or entertainment value today other than as an historical artefact.

this movie is the second worst film that i have ever seen (the first being ghost rider). there is absolutely no plot, climax, conflict, or any other major detail required in portraying a story. this 'film' is basically just another excuse for toby keith to show off his manly side and, the 'tough guy he really is'. i completely wasted my time watching this film. the best part would have to be the ending credits. if i were ebert or roper, i would have cut my thumbs off and thrown them at the producers. whoever in their right mind gave toby keith the chance to act in a feature film, is obviously on the same mental level as him. in conclusion, do not waste your time watching this movie, it could quite possibly be the only thing you regret.

i attended one of the premieres last night and have the following observations: 1. just because you've directed a ton of music videos does not make you qualified to make movies. the movie had an overabundance of lingering shots that made no sense, horrible angles, and terrible lighting. the editing didn't help this mess at all. when "dixie" shows up late for the memorial service her mother remarks about her hand but it's never clear what the heck she's talking about.2. the plot had promise, but the script was thin and full of ford truck sized holes. we never get to understand what drives the characters, what's really behind the conflicts they all have with each other or exactly how they resolve them. sixteen years of distance is wiped out in 4 days seemingly by magic. the deep conversations were marred by stupid clichés. (in fact, the whole town was one big cliché of southern life.) half the audience groaned when toby drawled "ya got my blood runnin through your veins gurl"...and we were treated to that insipid line not once, but twice! the revelations were yawn inducing, and the dramatic confessions boiled down to "i was stupid and stubborn".3. the acting was okay considering the wreck of a script they had to work with. toby was dark and brooding most of the film, but when he smiled and lightened up he was charming. it's a shame he didn't have more screen time like that. kelly preston's acting chops are pretty rusty and it shows. lindsay haun is talented and it's certainly not her fault the writers made her character so unlikeable in the beginning that you don't blame her father for not coming to look for her. burt reynolds and tess harper were able to make more of this movie but still looked more or less lost. (and indeed, their characters get lost in this film!) 4. if you're a toby fan you'll love the songs. but often the movie felt like a scene was forced in just so they could feature one of his songs--or the artists on his record label. for instance, the movie's official love song is "crash here tonight". you'd think that would play around a tender love scene, but nope...we hear about 45 seconds of it as he's heading to a memorial service. it was as if they said "well, we gotta use this song somewhere". the song "broken" is haunting and the best thing to come out of this movie.in summary...a promising plot never fully develops and the movie is horribly uneven as it forceably tries to be a vehicle for toby keith's music and product placement for ford trucks. it goes from being about people rebuilding broken bridges to trying to be about the power of music but the story is told so poorly that both points get lost in this overgrown music video. i like toby and really wanted to like "broken bridges" but the people he counted on to make this movie let him down and deserve one of his famous boots you know where.

if you're a fan of mystery science theater 3k, attack of the giant leeches, or pinata survival island, this movie might be for you.i live in nashville and i didn't even know of this movie's existence until the day prior to its release, when the advertising company panicked and blanketed music row with dozens of fliers and billboards. it barely lasted two weeks in theaters anyway.bad acting, bad writing, and poor production only begin to describe this embarrassment of a film. for starters, the names are a bit much: bo price, angel, and dixie? eesh.toby's awkwardly slow delivery of lines makes one wonder what production assistant got stuck holding the cue cards off camera. angel's character rapidly transitions from her city-slicker ways to a cowgirl, slipping into southern slang after two days on the ranch. her wardrobe goes from chic to a female version of toby's--in fact, in the final scene, their outfits are identical, making one wonder if the wardrobe assistant called in sick.the audio is inconsistent - perhaps the most noticeable example is when toby decides to go for a swim and his voice suddenly sounds like he's shouting in a gymnasium.there's never quite enough explanation or character development to suffice what happens on-screen. overacting, exasperation, grimaces, and moodiness best describes the actors' interpretation and direction of the terrible script.this movie is best enjoyed after consuming a couple of alcoholic beverages and in the company of your wittiest friends. but that's not saying much.

this movie makes peter an elf in robin hood costume instead of a human boy in probably-not-robin-hood-costume and ignores all the persona features in him that really matter. this movie makes wendy a babbling idiot. and poor captain hook a total clown. and of course as every disney cartoon must have a character which has had too many hits in the head, they made one of the lost boys that one. the only character that has not been disgraced in this film is tink. the only star is for her.the story itself then? the darling parents don't even get the time to notice their kids are gone!!! probably one of the most significant point in the original story and they ruined it! also the famous nursery scene between peter pan and wendy is a stunning piece of- there are no thimbles and no acorns - one of the little things that makes the original story such a unique one. it's a wonder he even had lost his shadow and she helped him stick it. (even though to his shoes and it makes no sense to me.)ruining a great story like this just to amuse children should be illegal. so know now if you haven't known it before - this disney version does not have anything significant in common with the original story - which is not really a children's story but just a great, great story.this just annoys me to no end.

in 2005,george w. bush started with his second period as a president of the united states; north korea announced its possession of nuclear weapons; pope john paul ii died after a long illness; and a movie called into the blue appeared.the existence of this movie is not as bad as the other things that happened on that year,but the film itself was pathetic and maybe,the worst one from that year.now,in 2009,the united states have another president,there is another pope,new korean nuclear weapons...and the film into the blue 2 : the reef,which is better than the original one...but that's the same as saying : "getting your fingers cut is better than getting your head cut".this sequel is a really bad film which kept me tremendously bored and uninterested.the cast of into the blue 2 : the reef is composed by tv-series actors who completely lack of any credibility and dramatic weight,but who are perfect for showing their bodies.chris carmack (the o.c.),david anders (heroes and alias),laura vandervoort (smallville),marsha tomason (lost) and audrina patridge (the hills) bring hollow and boring performances.i have liked some previous movies from director stephen herek (critters and bill and ted's excellent adventure specially) but on this movie,he cannot generate even the minimum level of tension,emotion or entertainment.the characters from this movie are not only badly performed,but they are also repulsive.honestly,i wanted all of them to die.the cinematography from this movie is also lame and it seems to have been made by a technical team who makes promotional videos for hawaiian hotels.into the blue 2 : the reef is a horrible movie which is better than the original film,but that's the same as nothing,as i previously said.avoid this crappy film at all costs.

brainless film about a good looking but brainless couple who decide to live their dream and take people on diving tours. the pair almost instantly make the wrong choice of customers and get mixed up with some people seeking to recover the items that we see falling to the ocean floor during the opening credits sequence. great looking direct to video movie could have been so much better if it wasn't so interested in primarily looking good. performances are serviceable and the plot is actually not bad, or would have been had the director and producers not redirected the plot into making sure we see lots of shapely people in bathing suits (or in what i'm guessing the reason for the "unrated" moniker a few fleeting bare breasts). the film never generates any tension nor rises above the level of a forgettable tv movie. if you get roped in to seeing this you won't pluck your eyes out since the eye candy is pleasant but we really need to stop producers from making films that are excuses to have a paid vacation.

my first review of 2010 is "into the blue 2: the reef". the story is about two divers played by chris carmack and laura vandervoort who love to explore hidden treasures at a bottom of a local reef. one day after a day of exploring they are approached by a couple played by david anders and marsha thomason. they tell the young divers that they want to hire them to explore the reef and find a rare artifact about columbus' hidden treasure that is reported at the bottom of the reef.next day the four dive to the bottom of the reef and of coarse after a whole day of diving they find nothing. a few more days past and the two hired divers found out that they a part of a major deadly plot in which they can't escape otherwise they will be killed. they were hired to find two big containers. one contains a nuclear reactor and the other contains a core.the movie also has a back story about another person (brother of the lead character) trying to patch things up with his girlfriend, i reckon this part of the story was a waste of time, this also includes a very steamy sex scene between the couple which to me is a complete waste and wasn't needed to be shown.however apart from that, this movie does have some good underwater photography and the colors blend in well which is why it receives 4 stars. into the blue 2 is a sequel only by name. none of the original actors or characters return, it has a dumb plot, stupid characters and a boring climax.

miscasting happens. susannah yorke is a luminous young jane eyre, and her performance is impeccable. however, edward rochester is supposed to be 35. white-haired george c. scott looks and behaves like an arthritic 80. jane's deceased uncle is in better shape! he creaks and snarls, obnoxious and grim. he looks like an ax-murderer who has sent his ax out to be sharpened; we're not surprised he keeps a wife caged in the attic! the great love story looks like a sado-masochistic nightmare. there is enough darkness in the novel, but bronte's rochester is relatively young, athletic, powerful, and charming when he chooses to be. he has a fine speaking and singing voice, a good mind, and a conscience that he unsuccessfully attempts to stifle.

this was in short a terrible disappointment. by far the worst adaptation of one of my favourite novels. the dialogue was horribly clumsy; i could sense no feeling behind the words expressed by the characters. the lines were delivered too hastily and felt rather out of place. they could just as well have been cited by statues. the chemistry between george c. scott and susannah york was non-existent and watching an american rochester felt strange. he could have at least tried to do a british accent. i like george c. scott as an actor, but this simply did not work. i felt like i was watching highlights from jane eyre, where the main pieces of the story had been randomly put together with no regard to the flow of the story. the scenery and music were all very nice, but i could feel none of the passion and love that is supposed to be between jane and rochester and the movie left me totally unmoved.if you want to see a good version of jane eyre i suggest you watch the 1983 bbc version with timothy dalton and zelah clarke or the 1997 version with ciarán hinds and samantha morton. now these two are brilliant adaptations.

this is by far the worst adaptation of jane eyre i have seen. it is uncertain whether or not the writer of the screenplay ever read the book by bronte. george c scott is ridiculous and bumbling as rochester -- when not just plain old acting angry. susannah york has the most dated 1970's hairstyle i have ever seen in a victorian movie. the characters hardly speak to each other, so the rich banter enjoyed in the book that is the basis for their deep intellectual and abiding love, is gone. the ending is ludicrous.please, rent the timothy dalton version instead. it is so true to the book, it's like having the novel read aloud to you. dalton is superb as rochester. g. c. scott is laughable.

recap: ron is about to marry mel. they are deeply and love and certain they are perfect for each other even though they met just a few months ago. todd, ron's brother in law to be is not so happy. he is afraid the marriage is a threat to his cushy job in the family business and decides to arrange ron's bachelor party. but his real plan is to put ron in a compromising situation, get evidence and break ron and mel up.comments: supposed to be a sequel to a comedy classic but it isn't funny at all. it is mostly a pubertal show and a juvenile excuse to show scantily clad women. actually, in a way, it is almost impressive have many you can put in there, because they are everywhere. unfortunately that is also one of the signs of a movie that can't support itself. it simply isn't good enough.it has three redeeming points though, or actually three actors that is worth a better script than this. it is lead actor josh cooke who actually manages to give an impression of some common sense. sara foster i know has more talent than to do movies like this, and emanuelle vaugier seem to have a lot more talent than this movie.what is suspiciously absent are good jokes. actually, bad jokes are rather scarce too. it just isn't funny.3/10

now i recently had the viewing pleasure to watch the hilarious comedy bachelor party, one of my new favorite comedies, laughed until it just hurt type of movies. so i naturally wanted to see the sequel, hoping it would have the same laughs, but instead bachelor party 2: the last temptation is made by the american pie generation where it's tasteless and defeats the hole purpose of the first film. yeah, the first film has nudity, but it doesn't show in every single scene. also the plot is exactly the same from the first, it's not always a complaint with me, but this could have been a little more original. the only thing is that i'm glad that at least no old actors from the original appear in this movie, because it would have been cheesy or really silly looking.ron and melinda are engaged, after only 2 months of dating, everyone is against it. melinda has a rich family, but they're pretty happy with ron, and melinda's brother, todd is scared that ron will take his job. so they go out on a weekend to miami for a bachelor party and todd is going to make sure that he'll trap ron into a picture that will make melinda change her mind about the marriage.bachelor party 2: the last temptation has a couple laughs here and there, but over all fails to deliver what the first film accomplished. these guys, ron's friends, were more obnoxious than likable, except for seth, he was kinda funny. the only likable characters other than seth is ron and melinda, everyone else just more or less gets on your nerves. you wanna watch this film? just watch girls gone wild, it's the same thing only it doesn't try to pretend that it's a film. stick to the original bachelor party, that's the movie that's going to get you in tears of laughter.3/10

i wonder how much this movie actually has got to do with the 1984 movie "bachelor party", starring tom hanks. is this movie even an official sequel? this movie is lacking in every department and you're obviously better off not watching it.for a comedy this movie simply isn't good or funny enough. it relies mostly on the character's their stereotypical assessments, rather then the movie actually features some good, original and funny moments.of course there also is very little story present and the movie nude breast than script pages. you just keep waiting for things to finally start off. there is a main plot line in it somewhere but that one is so terribly unoriginal and gets executed so poorly in the movie that it feels more as if it's something non-existent. i guess there even is a message and moral story in it somewhere but this again is so terribly unoriginal and poorly done in the movie that it simply does not work out.it's basically a typical teenage comedy, with lots of sex jokes and nudity, only without the teenage main characters, which makes the story all the more sad and tasteless. the movie makes some really wrong jokes, that are misplaced for any type of movie.i regret ever watching this.3/10

i had the pleasure of viewing this movie early and i have to say i thought that it was going to be boring and wondered how could they ever improve upon the 1984 version of bachelor party starring tom hanks, which i thought was pretty good...i was right...in all honesty i thought it could have been better...sure there were some funny moments but it just didn't seem to hit the mark with me...the acting was ok and the storyline pretty well follows the original but i think it could have been so much better...this movie i'd say is for teens and the young of heart; full of female bodies, alcohol and sex...it's just another typical run of the mill party movie that has been done over and over again. 4/10 is my vote for this one.

a couple of days after writing about how garbage like mad cows and this filthy earth receive money while ange , duncan and theo are totally ignored i had to sit through yet another british movie * that had me scratching my head as to why it received a single penny . some people may claim that because dead babies is based upon a highly regarded novel it has an in built market but both this filthy earth and mad cows were also adapted from novels and they were an ordeal to sit through as well i had read the synopsis of the plot where a bunch of high class wasters go to a remote mansion where they're stalked by an internet cult but to be honest this isn't really how the story unravels and anyone expecting friday the 13th meets the shining is going to be bitterly disappointed since 90-95% of the running time is taken up with said characters taking drugs and discussing sex . and what hateful characters they are too . not one of them is likable in any way and within minutes you'll be getting nostalgic for stalin , mao and pol pot hoping that next time someone embarks on communist democide they'll be successful in creating an egalitarian utopia . anything that will signal the end of such decadent bourgeois meaningless that the hateful characters in this movie embark upon can only be welcomed not content with giving us a movie where the plot is meandering and where the audience fail to connect with the characters the director continues to spoil things further by getting all clever and arty . no doubt that is to impress us so we will fall upon our knees and cry " oh my god , what a wonderful director the way he bamboozles us with his highly artistic technique and only a worthless pleb will fail to appreciate what a god given talent this man is " . i'm sure the vast majority of people either screamed " how come my projects got turned down while crap like this didn't ? " or " wtf was the last half hour of this piece of crap all about ? " you might defend the movie by saying the original source novel was unfilmable and this makes the film unwatchable . i will agree that this movie is unwatchable * i know the imdb classes this as an american movie but the style and faults with dead babies is uniquely british . americans might think they've got things tough with bush but we've got tony blair , not to mention dead babies , mad cows and this filthy earth . no wonder everyone is ashamed to be british in the 21st century

the title says it all. "tail gunner joe" was a tag given to the senator which relied upon the ignorance of the public about world war ii aircraft. the rear facing moving guns relied upon a latch that would prevent the rear gunner from shooting off the tail of the airplane by preventing the gun from firing when it pointed at the tail. when the senator was practicing on the ground one day, he succeeded in shooting off the tail of the airplane. he couldn't have done that if the gun had been properly aligned. the gunnery officer responsible for that admitted, in public, before a camera, that he was responsible -- he had made the error, not the senator. the fact that the film did not report that fact, shows how one-sided it is. this film was designed to do one thing, destroy the reputation of a complex person.a much better program was the pbs special done on him. he was a hard working, intelligent, ambitious politician who overcame extraordinary disadvantages to rise to extraordinary heights. he made some mistakes, some serious mistakes, but shooting the tail off an airplane was not one of them.the popularity of this film is due to the fact that the public likes simple stories, one=sided stories, so that they don't have to think.

the little mermaid is one of my absolute favorite disney movies. i'm sorry to say, however, that disney completely messed up when they made this sequel. i'll admit it has some good points to it. the songs aren't bad, and the animation is clean and clear. there is some humor, i'm sure--i don't remember, because after watching it i immediately banned it from appearing before my eyes again. the worst point of this movie is the plot. in this movie, ariel becomes her father. she forbids her daughter to go near the sea (yes, out of fear), just as she was forbidden to go near the land. i personally think that, given her past, ariel would maintain some of her headstrong ways and not treat her daughter like she herself was treated.besides this fact, ursula was replaced by a non-scary, pathetic sort of sea witch (the underfed, forgotten sister) who is more comical than scary. she, too, has some little underling to do her bidding--but she's not scarier or worse than ursula. ursula spoiled us with her believability for badness. this sea witch is a joke.to make matters worse, flounder is a fat, deep-voiced father (no longer the cute guppy we all know and love) and eric's voice is not even done by the same actor (something that always annoys me in a remake/sequel). (his voice difference was very obvious to me, by the way!) i felt that the only reason this movie was made was so that disney could catch a few fast dollars, something i hate to think about a corporation i actually really do enjoy. i felt that this plot lacked imagination. i know that this act (child following in the footsteps of a parent) happens, but ariel was different. that was what we loved so much about her. she had a dream, she fell in love, and she made that dream come true. until she appeared in this movie, that is. then she became just like the other adults. this isn't the ariel i know. and i don't like her.i know of some children who have enjoyed this film, and i know some adults who didn't mind it, either. but for me, and for all of you out there who have the utmost love for ariel, please don't see this movie. the ariel we know dies within, resurrected only for a song or two and one final scene that actually isn't bad (where she accepts the water back again)--although she takes very little part in the ending, regardless.

as a child the first installment ("the little mermaid") was my favorite movie. it was filled with great characters, songs, and a fun family film. a week or so again i watched this movie for the first time. i believe that this movie was like most sequels and didn't surpass their original. i think that i feel this way possibly because i had high expectations and i have grown up. however, it is not a bad film.it starts when ariel has just given birth to a beautiful child, melody. eric and ariel feel threatened by morgana (eurselas' sister), so they build a large wall around their house which lies on the sea. as melody grows up she begins to wonder outside of the walls where she is forbidden to go. trouble stirs up as morgana tries to take control of the seven seas.i don't want to give away any of the movie so you have to see it to find out. i did like that the voices are the same and again wonderful singing. i think this is a good family film though overall!

this was the first sequel i'd seen (apart from return of jafar) and i honestly thought before watching it that it would be close to the original. i was horribly disappointed.the storyline was, basically, the first script with a few extra characters and the situation turned around. ariel and eric have a daughter, melody who isn't satisfied with life on land. she wants to become a mermaid. however, ariel has kept her past from her daughter because she wants to protect her-and when melody finds out she's upset and angry. and she then decides to run away, and she becomes a mermaid. so she's happy swimming around, and ariel sets out to find her-as a mermaid.the story doesn't sound too bad written down, but the clichés and repeats of situations from the first movie are just too obvious. and adding the fact that melody is, overall, extremely annoying, and the movie becomes almost unbearable.there's also a whole load of other new characters-tip and dash being two of them. they aren't too bad as characters in themselves-just try not to think of timon or pumbaa! the songs leave a lot to be desired too, they just don't have the same magical energy as the songs from the original did. the animation obviously didn't have a whole load of work put into it either-in parts it's jumpy, and not much imagination is used for the characters movements.another piece of advice-try to forget about ariel's original character while watching this movie. the beautiful, rebellious, curious teenager has 'all grown up' into a bland, boring wife and mother, and her trademark red hair is all tied up. this is much better viewed if you've never seen the original-you'll have nothing to compare it to.however, all in all, it could have been worse-it's not as bad as certain other sequels, such as cinderella ii. but it's not in the same league as the original. but it for your collection if nothing else but if disney go on like this they'll lose all their older fans.

though i've yet to review the movie in about two years, i remember exactly what made my opinion go as low as it did. having loved the original little mermaid, and having been obsessed with mermaids as a child could be, i decided i'd take the time to sit down and watch the sequel.disney, i've got a little message for you. if you don't have the original director and actors handy...you're just looking to get your butt whooped.in the sequel, our story begins with a slightly older ariel and her daughter, melody. my first big issue was that eric and the rest of the crew sang. yes, i understand that disney is big on sing-and-dance numbers, but really, that's what made eric my favorite prince. he was calm, collected, and a genuine gentleman that knew how to have fun. and he did. not. sing.and then there's the villain. oh, how could we forget the shivers that coursed down our spines whenever ursula slunk onto the screen, terrifying both ariel and audiences around the world? unfortunately, that gene was not passed on to her seemingly useless sister, morgana. nothing was ever, ever said about morgana in the first movie; she just pops out of nowhere, trying to steal the baby. oh, how cute. the younger sister is ticked off and instead of going after the trident, decides to kidnap a month-old baby. gag me.other than being a flat character with no sense of originality in her, morgana was just very unorthodox. the same plan as her sister, the same minions (who, by the way, did not scare anyone. i had a three year old on my lap when i watched this movie, and she laughed hysterically.) she had no purpose being in there; i'd like to have seen mom be the villain. i'm sure she would have done a better job than little miss tish over there.king triton held none of the respect he'd earned from me in the first movie, and don't even get me started on scuttle, sebastian and flounder. triton was a stern but loving father in the first movie, and in the second, it's almost like he's lost his will to knock fear into the hearts of his subjects. scuttle, once a comic relief that made everyone laugh with his 'dingle-hopper' (yes, i'll admit it; i did call my fork a dingle-hopper from time to time after that). in this film, scuttle's all but forgotten. a supporting character even in the first, he at least added something to the movie. he was rich with a flavor the others didn't have, and in the sequel, they all but stripped it from him entirely. sebastian was still the same, but twice as worrisome as before. disney, don't do that. don't even try to mess with our favorite crab. or our favorite little fat fish, who becomes a dad and has a multitude of very annoying children. he's fat, and he's bland, and he looks like he's going to flat line any second.the walrus and penguin were unneeded, and after a while, you just start to resent everyone. especially melody, who has no depth to her whatsoever.and one of these days, disney, i'm kicking out of my life.if i didn't love your originals so much.

i had such high hopes for this film because i loved the original so much. it seems that disney, however, is trying to perfect the art of crappy straight-to-dvd sequels. they deserve a razzie. several, in fact. i thought the idea had merit, but the music was absolutely awful and the story wasn't much better. what happened to the great music disney used to have in their films. mary poppins, aladdin, beauty and the beast, the lion king...even hercules and the hunchback of notre dame. they've made so many great movies over the years that it's really sad that they've sunk to point of making sequels that aren't even good enough to put in theatres.i hope this movie is not an indication of things to come for the walt disney corporation.

i loved the first little mermaid. i know the songs, i love the characters and i love the story. i can't say anything like that about the little mermaid ii: return to the sea. it was terrible. let's start with the story. the plot was a reversed copy of the first movie. same situations, except in reverse! ariel wanted to live on land, her daughter melody (creative name) wants to live in the sea. ariel was tricked by ursula, melody is tricked by ursula's sister, morgana. ursula had a sister?? not sure where that came from. besides being a strange copy of the first movie, this movies plot seemed tired and was uninteresting compared to the first movie. now the characters: 1. ariel- what happened to her??!! no longer the spunky, headstrong teenager we all knew and loved from the first movie, she has now "grown up" and her personality went down the drain. her singing voice wasn't as strong either, due to either jodi benson being a lot older, or the songs being so terrible that her talent was wasted. 2. prince eric- while he didn't have a lot of personality in the first movie, like all disney princes, somehow his new voice and his very few lines made him even more robotic. to top it off, he just can't seem to defend himself, and ariel becomes the tough one of the two. 3. sebastian- say goodbye to the lovable crustacean from the first movie, because a whiny, aggravating little crab just took his place. he also had no good songs in this movie. you can almost forget the glory he earned from singing the incredible "under the sea" and "kiss the girl" from the first movie, and it is very sad. 4. flounder- they destroyed him!! he is not cute anymore, his voice is terrible, and he has kids now?? who's the mother??? 5. morgana- she appears to be ursula's sister out for revenge against her mother, who always picked ursula over her. so she plans to get king triton's trident to become the new ruler of the sea. sound familiar? anyway, she's a very cliché villain and falls short of ursula's greatness as a villain. she epically fails at witchcraft, she's not very tough, and not threatening at all. 6.melody- ariel and eric's daughter. ironic name because she, unlike ariel, can't sing. her voice is annoying, her friends (a walrus and a penguin?? really?!) are not funny or likable, and she's exactly the same as ariel, in reverse and not as likable. skip this one. don't watch any disney sequel except for lion king 2. this movie butchered the classic that lives in all our pleasant memories. i will look back at this movie and just laugh.

the opening sequence is supposed to show the legion arriving in paris on 13 nov 1918. the troops pile off the train -- wearing the uniform in which the french army, including the legion, marched off to war in 1914! this a sure sign that the war flick you are about to see will be a turkey. (the french army realized by 1915 that going to war in red trousers and dark blue overcoats was not working. metropolitan french troops were put into "horizon blue" and colonial troops were put into khaki.) the claude van-damme (sp?) remake at least got the uniforms more or less right. really is too bad when directors make these sorts of mistakes when they then go to all the effort to get other things right.

you can tell a lew grade production a mile off – distinctly british in style; epic in conception; peopled by international all-star casts; usually set in exotic climes. it's a formula that grade and his company itc employed throughout the 70s into the early 80s, resulting in titles like the eagle has landed, firepower, and raise the titanic! in 1977 grade produced march or die, a remarkably old-fashioned foreign legion adventure that models all the characteristics mentioned above. directed by the usually dependable dick richards – who helmed the acclaimed farewell my lovely just a couple years earlier - march or die is an unfortunate disappointment.a company of foreign legionnaires led by the harsh disciplinarian general foster (gene hackman) is sent to morocco shortly after world war 1. their mission is to protect an archaeological party fronted by the dedicated francois marneau (max von sydow). the archaeologists are carrying out an excavation at the ancient city of erfoud, but fear an attack from arab tribesmen following the decimation of an earlier archaeological group. foster is not happy with the assignment – he does not consider historical artifacts worthy of his men risking their lives. this creates ongoing tension between himself and marneau, who believes that the legionnaires should sacrifice their lives to make the excavation possible. the problems heighten when a beautiful woman named simone picard (catherine deneuve) tags along with the legionnaires. she is hoping to find out what happened to her father, a historian abducted by the arabs when they wiped out the first archaeological team. her presence arouses desires amongst the legionnaires, none more so than gypsy thief marco segrain (terence hill), a charming and courageous rogue who initially shows indifference towards his legionnaire colleagues but gradually grows in stature. things climax with a huge battle at erfoud, with swarms of united arab tribes charging against the handful of legionnaires as they desperately try to defend their lives.on paper the star duo of gene hackman and terence hill seem a mismatch – hackman is the heavyweight oscar-winning character actor, hill the handsome but limited italian heart-throb from numerous low budget spaghetti westerns. one expects hackman to act his counterpart off the screen. yet, bizarrely, it is hackman who gives the weak and uninvolving performance, while hill raises his game to surprisingly high levels. the film is attractively shot on desert locations, but the pacing is awfully slow and few of the characters are worth caring for. maurice jarre's music is uncommonly flat too – very disappointing from the guy who gave us the lawrence of arabia score. it is remarkable that anyone had the nerve to try an old-fashioned adventure of this type in the 70s (it was a genre that peaked in the 30s, and had been all but forgotten during the intervening decades). sadly, the gamble doesn't really pay off – this homage to the legionnaire flicks of old becomes more of a plod than a march.

interesting idea and storyline which didn't quite work.when you see the film, maybe you will feel as dissatisfied with the ending as i did. i didn't really know who to root for in the movie, taye diggs looked bored as the detective, the rest of the characters seem so one-dimensional and unpleasant.if the victim alicia(mia kirschner) had been more of a nice girl, we might actually have enjoyed seeing the plot unfold and the perpetrator brought to justice. the problem was that she was as bitchy as the other girls, turning from sweet girl to conniving opportunistic cokehead. i can't understand the moral message of this film, and as a detective story and thriller it doesn't work.

being the only movie i was able to see at this year's "nordische filmtage" at lübeck, this year's festival will be remembered as a all-time low for me.this movie, which was announced as an erotic thriller, is nothing more than a sick piece of crap! excuse the language, but there aren't any decent words to describe it.first of all, the actors are not the best. but even better actors would not have rescued the movie. e.g. the plot: after the first 15 minutes it was quite clear that john was sick, the neighbour girls were not real and that he killed his first girlfriend. the so called "sex-scene" was nothing else but disgusting (hitting each other until blood flows for me hasn't anything to do with sexuality), but unfortunately that were not the only disgusting images to be shown. everything else was copied by other directors like e.g. lynch, but of course without their geniality.so, to summarize the whole film and to save other viewers time and money: guy loses girlfriend, girlfriend turns back home, guy kills girlfriend and becomes mad afterwards, guy imagines hot, but crazy neighbour girls, guy has very disgusting sex with one of them (or so he thinks), in the end he realizes, he is crazy and his girlfriend and her new lover lay in his apartment all the time... bad story, bad actors, pictures, that make you want to vomit...1 out of 10 (1 point for the fact, that you realize how good you can understand norwegian if you learned swedish - at least one benefit of the evening - and you can't choose 0 points here).

in reviewing this film i can only go by my experiences as a weekend warrior doing my basic training in july, august, and september of 1971 in that garden spot of the earth, fort polk, louisiana. take the high ground was not anything like i remember basic training.but one has to remember at the time this was post korea which ended in a stalemate, but it was a conventional war as we knew them. it was not vietnam, a jungle guerrilla war where we kept pouring draftees into an endless pit. the draft at that time was an unwelcome, but accepted as still necessary for the country's defense.richard widmark is a veteran of korea now assigned state side to train the troops to go overseas. the film is about one of his training cycles and the men of the platoon he has to train. they're the usual kind you would find in just about any war film from the previous decade. one thing i will praise take the high ground for is the fact that mgm recognized our army was now an integrated one with the presence of william hazard as a black recruit in the platoon. it was in keeping with the spirit of the times which were a changing.but i will say that a recruit like russ tamblyn would have been cured of his smart mouth from day one. richard widmark would have not risked death or becoming a eunuch in order to give jerome courtland confidence with a weapon. and no way would have he worried so much about robert arthur deserting. he's have just let the mps deal with him.of course being shot in and around fort bliss and el paso, texas did give take the high ground good authenticity. but view it as an army recruiting film and you can certainly understand why the government so eagerly gave cooperation back in the day.i do remember the drill sergeants having their little conflicts which you could pick up on when you weren't worried about them getting on your case for something which was 95% of the time. but there ain't no way that karl malden would have slugged widmark out in the open during training in front of several witnesses among the recruits. both would have realized that would have undermined authority, something the military just doesn't let happen.i wish i could have said something better about take the high ground because i certainly like its talented cast, it's talented director richard brooks, even the silly theme by dimitri tiomkin and ned washington, fresh from their oscar a year before for high noon. the film actually got an oscar nomination for best screenplay and story by millard kaufman. it must have been for kaufman's vivid imagination.

if you appreciate the renaissance in asian horror, don't bother with gawi. the film scarcely deserves mention alongside a-list work such as ringu, a tale of two sisters, cure, and ju-on (or even such good material as the eye or inner senses). those films brim with subtleties, unexpected imagery, rich characters, and a decidedly non-western take on what's frightening. gawi is strung together with the leftover limbs and organs of everything that has made american horror lousy for the past twenty-five years.the film tries to blend asian ghost story and hollywood slasher flick, but it's a bad fit. one aesthetic is bound to smother the other; guess which? having no story of their own to tell the filmmakers loot ringu for an evil-child subplot, but the situation is hopeless. clichés, crap characters, witless plotting, a dull ghost, ho hum.

we see a body of dead girl in a morgue with the coroner trying to close the eyes of the girl, but whatever he tries they won't stay open. after this we move into the future and we follow a group of former school friends who hide a terrible secret, but suddenly they start getting picked off one by one in many grisly ways. through flashbacks we learn of this awful suicide of a shy girl who was trying to be one of the group, but she was shut out by them because they dug up her past and found out some weird occurrences. so, is she back from the grave seeking revenge? oh what a great and always spooky story! well, that's what i hoping i could say. and 'hoping' was as good as it got. this is an forgettable, so-so supernatural horror flick that i actually watched before, but i went in thinking it was my first viewing. so to my surprise it hit me when i started picking up on certain things, but like i said it's quite a forgettable mix that it felt like a first viewing again. "nightmare' is just another type of it's field that adds a 'few' changes to the gruel. oh, please give me something that's a bit more fresh. it doesn't have to be entirely original, but this is one formulaic and at times quite tired j-horror flick. even though it strings along the usual ghost story involving you guessed right… an evil looking, vengeful chick spirit.but in spite of my negativity of it being the same old, same old story and jolts. this one kind of entertains when its being grisly and popping in some creepy visuals. the deaths are vividly displayed with bite and some originality. while, the gloomy atmosphere alienates the audience with it's murky lighting. the first scene involving the spirit terrorising one of the girls is one blood-curdling experience, but really when it's not trying to shock you. i found it rather coma inducing and i thought about getting some shut-eye. that might be harsh, but it just didn't go anywhere of any interest between those shock moments. you could say that because the supposed mystery is really not much of one, the unsure story is just simply flat and the characters are a self-centred bunch that you don't really care what happens to them. the disjointed story should have focused more on the spirit than that of these bland characters who have one unconvincing group relationship. it just overplayed its cards by becoming overly muddled and taking too long to get going that when it comes to the climax it's just plain ludicrous. the film's haunting ending is a high point, though.the film looks fine, although it could have done without the snazzy, quick fire editing and the music score was a bit overbearing in playing up the mood. the performances tread a fine line, but gyu-ri kim is strong in the lead role.it's nothing new and it shamelessly steals ideas, but if you can look past that it delivers some nasty thrills. although, i found the handling of it rather lethargic, despite the odd effective chills. a standard effort all round i guess, but still it's equally missable.

terminus paradis was exceptional, but "niki ardelean" comes too late. we already have enough of this and we want something new.big directors should have no problems seeing beyond their time, not behind. why people see romania only as a postrevolutionary country?we are just born not reincarnated, and nobody gives a s**t anymore about old times. most people dont remember or dont want to remember, and the new generation of movie consumers dont understand a bit. this should be the first day of romanian movie not the final song - priveghi! maybe younger directors should make the move.

yes, he is! ...no, not because of pintilie likes to undress his actors and show publicly their privies. pintilie is the naked "emperor" - so to speak...it's big time for someone to state the truth. this impostor is a voyeur, a brat locked in an old man's body. his abundance of nude scenes have no artistic legitimacy whatsoever. it is 100% visual perversion: he gets his kicks by making the actors strip in the buff and look at their willies. and if he does this in front of the audience, he might eve get a hard-on! did you know that, on the set of "niki ardelean", he used to embarrass poor coca bloss, by telling her: "oh, coca, how i wanna f*** you!"? she is a great lady, very decent and sensitive, and she became unspeakably ashamed - to his petty satisfaction! and, as a worrying alarm signal about the degree of vulgarity and lack of education in romanian audiences, so many people are still so foolish to declare these visual obscenities "works of art"! will anyone have ever the decency to expose the truth of it all?

this guy has no idea of cinema. okay, it seems he made a few interestig theater shows in his youth, and about two acceptable movies that had success more of political reasons cause they tricked the communist censorship. this all is very good, but look carefully: he does not know his job! the scenes are unbalanced, without proper start and and, with a disordered content and full of emptiness. he has nothing to say about the subject, so he over-licitates with violence, nakedness and gutter language. how is it possible to keep alive such a rotten corpse who never understood anything of cinematographic profession and art? why don't they let him succumb in piece?

when i first saw the trailer for prom night, i have to admit, the trailer looked good and like this would be a fun horror movie. so my friend and i saw prom night last night and i have to say i must be growing up because this was such a ridicules film, not to mention i am so sick and tired of the typical horror slasher movies with the loud noises as an excuse to scare people. there was no tension, the characters, how was i supposed to care about them? they had no development what-so-ever, the killer?! oh, my god, this was very possibly the most stupid serial killer that has ever existed, i know it's a film, but why would a man who never(or at least we know of) killed any one before, kill a girl's family and friends that he's just obsessed over? i mean, was he going to kidnap her or was he going to kill her? i have no idea, because this film made no sense and is too predictable and insulting to true fans of horror.donna's family was just brutally murdered by her teacher, who has become very obsessed over her, he was captured and put in jail. it's been 3 years and she's just now getting some peace in her life, she's even going to her senior prom. but the killer has escaped and still has donna on his mind, he follows her to her prom which means bad news for her friends, and the hotel maid, and the bell boy, because it is such a good idea to kill the maid and bell boy so no one become suspicious enough to check to see where these employee's are. donna is in big trouble because also this killer who is clearly human can apparently get into houses un-noticed and can kill people so silently, just, wow.i'm sorry, i really did want to love this movie, we haven't had a good slasher flick in a long time, but this was just a stupid movie that i was not impressed with. just the situations were unbelievable and the actors were obnoxious. i know that this was a pg-13 movie, but i just love how someone was brutally stabbed to death and they only have just a little blood on their clothes? not to mention no stab holes? i wouldn't recommend this movie for anyone unless you're a teen, this movie was made for the teenagers, not adults, and not for those who know a real horror movie, no offense to those who did enjoy this film, but i don't understand how anyone could.2/10

so, prom night was supposed to be a horror and thriller movie. i'm a big wuss and was scared to see this movie at the beginning, but upon seeing it, it is neither horror or thriller.i was basically making fun of the movie in my seat because it was so predictable. you could predict what was going to happen next. the young actors were alright at playing their characters, but i'd have to say the killer was definitely at the top of the game - acting wise.yes, i'll give props for the plot because it was good, but it's not thrilling or scary. there were almost zero "jump-in-your-seat" scenes. so, don't waste ten dollars seeing it in theatres, wait 'til it comes to dvd.

i am the guy who usually keeps opinions to himself, but i just got back from this movie, and felt i had to express my opinions. let me start by saying that i am a huge horror fan. but what makes a horror movie? i sure like to see even a tiny bit of a good script and character development. i know they often lack in horror movies, but prom night looked like it didn't even put forth any effort in that department. next, we all love suspense. that on the edge of your seat suspense with unpredictable surprises. yeah, prom night had none of that! of course, we like a terrifying killer. prom night have that? nope, it has a pretty boy with a cute lil' knife. and when all else fails...at least horror has its guilty pleasure to make it enjoyable like gore gore gore, and the occasional nude scene! yeah, well when you have a horror movie rated pg-13 like prom night, they leave that stuff out too. so with all of these elements missing, i ask....does this still count as a horror movie? nope. i'd call it more of a comedy. people in my theater were laughing more at this then they were when i saw "semi-pro" that was supposed to actually be a comedy (which also sucked, but thats another story!). i think i am just going to have to give up on new horror. all the good horror movies of the good ol' days have been remade into garbage so movie studios can make money. the people i went to see it with didn't even know this was a remake! which made me mad! i wonder what will happen when there's no more movies to remake??? where will horror go next???

prom night is about a girl named donna (brittany snow) who is being chased by a psycho killer trying to kill her at her prom night. and by doing so killing her family, friends, and her enemies. now before i begin let me say have you been tired of pg-13 horror movies that haven't been scary lately. are you tired of stupid girl dialog 'oh my god' and talking about girlish things. and are you really tired of girls in relationships and then crying. and the last thing are you tired of the us remaking asian, japanese, and chinese films. that pretty much sums up prom night but i'm still not done with the review.the only reason to see 'prom night' is to crack a laugh at the kills. if not, don't see prom night. you never see the kills an only hear screaming and you see some blood on the wall. and by the way the deaths are repeating like 24/7. so not only aren't they scary but it's obnoxious. by the time i met the cast i think i was ready to hurl. too much girl talk, too much guy talk, and lots of 'oh my gosh. it's our prom'. i understand it's fun but seriously is it too much to ask not to concentrate. if i were to put prom night on the list of worst films of 2008 without seeing the other films i'd be the first one too. i'm not going to be surprised if it gets released on dvd for cheap and quick. seriously don't spend your money or the time for dull acting, cheap scares, and a 'night to die for' when watching the film.1 star out of 10. (p.s. if i could give the film zero stars i would).

poor acting, no script, no plot, no convincing killer, no suspense, no original setups, it uses the same closet/under the bed/person-behind-you-in-the-mirror tactics over and over again making it repetitive and boring, and not in a foreshadowing way either, and the fact that nobody ever "really" gets killed (at least not on screen) , which in turn zaps any suspense it may invoke right out of it and makes everyone feel eve more cheated for spending money on their admission ticket....its a horror film w/o any horror lmao. the most you see is what looks like someone having taken a ketchup bottle and spraying it across a plastic sheet.you have to be a teen who was sitting there screaming in the theater and scaring yourself to have enjoyed this, or you were high/drunk at the time.honestly, i have a life and don't bother writing reviews that often unless i really really hated something, or enjoyed it tremendously.but this film is awful and i feel i have a duty of sorts to warn you not to give your money to hollywood and encourage this kind of filmaking ever again! it is one thing to rent a "bad" movie at blockbuster from the weinsteins, its another when you have to sit through it in a theater.also, in case you want some remake nostalgia, forget it! this is not a remake, nor is it a re-imagining. it is not scary, nor engaging, nor is it satisfying enough to be "funny" like others on imdb have claimed...it is just stale and booooring.here is what you will take away from this film: remembering the scar on brittany snow's head that stands out more than the plot, the fact that jonathan schaech must be having some sexual affair with j.s. cardone of "the forsaken" to have gotten another role as a killer(because he is as frightening as my poodle, and too cute to kill just about anyone) and that for some reason (duh) everyone who goes back to the hotel suite never comes back. what kind of person would not get worried at the prom when they decide to announce the candidates for prom king and queen and the fiercely competitive girl just somehow doesn't show up? this is my warning to you. do not waste you're money like i did. the "original" sucks too but is more of a guilty pleasure for jamie lee curtis fans, though no way near as bad as this piece of crap (sorry to sound vulgar or rude, but once you see this, you will understand why i say what i say).

prom night is shot with the artistic eye someone gives while finely crafting a lifetime original film. you know the one. this october, lifetime takes a break from the courageous tale of a woman surviving (insert disease name here) to tell the somewhat creepy tale of a woman pursued by a stalker ex-boyfriend. it's dramatic … it's sappy … it's immensely dull. it does nothing to further a genre, tell an original story, or strive for any sort of newness. prom night shares this plight. watching the killer poke holes in his victims, we sit silently as they slump to the floor with not a drop of blood spilled. it occurred to me that this was the cleanest killer in movie history.our director is working with a fairly good-looking killer so he is forced to pour on the camera angles to make him appear creepier. think about matthew mcconaughey coming at you with a knife. you'd probably go … "oh! good lookin guy is going to kill me? naaaa." not scary even for a second, so the director throws schaech into shadows and over the shoulder in the mirror. this mirror shot is repeated to the point of sickness as it practically becomes a fetish of the creator. you'll get 15 jump scares in this film, 2 of which made my date jump (i might mention she is afraid of everything). i'd also mention she decided to take a nap halfway through the film and at one point threatened to leave me.as if this film were not disjointed enough, it appears to be cut to shreds. i'm not saying it looks like key points were left on the cutting room floor as the crew scrambled to salvage some semblance of a horror film; i'm saying as the film moves from scene to scene, you often get a jarring jump. this is the kind of thing you'd expect when a film catches fire and a projectionist is forced to splice ends together, cross his fingers, and hope for the best. the editor should be shot.with a plot you can pack into two sentences, one stray spray of blood, an emo killer, and the tension of a very special episode of "silver spoons", we're left with no reason to support horror this weekend … at least on the big screen. in fact, this is the sort of film that should be punished. is it really that hard to make a scary movie? was this crew even aware they were making a horror film??!! a complete waste of my time and yours. i bit the bullet to get you this review. don't let my sacrifice be in vain. don't go into the movie!!!

...let me count the ways.1. a title-only 'remake' that pulls out every cliché in the slasher handbook.2. a plot so predictable that it becomes quite pathetic.3. a completely weak execution of all attempts at suspense or thrills.4. a pg-13 rating that insures no gore, violence, or sex.5. a villain that is not frightening or even mysterious.6. a cast of characters that are so thinly written and stereotyped that we couldn't possibly care about them.7. a lack of any effectively creepy atmosphere (much unlike the original prom night).8. a script of dialog that's beyond poor - it's mind numbing. 9. a series of cardboard performances (not sure whether to blame the actors or the lousy aforementioned script for that).10. a completely inept teen-targeted slasher remake that's not brave enough to attempt to have an imagination - or even to show a puddle of blood.it's a no-brainer horror fans, save your money.bomb out of ****

i have been known to fall asleep during films, but this is usually due to a combination of things including, really tired, being warm and comfortable on the sette and having just eaten a lot. however on this occasion i fell asleep because the film was rubbish. the plot development was constant. constantly slow and boring. things seemed to happen, but with no explanation of what was causing them or why. i admit, i may have missed part of the film, but i watched the majority of it and everything just seemed to happen of its own accord without any real concern for anything else. i cant recommend this film at all.

city girl meg tilly receives a horrifying phone call from her mother and, understandably shaken, returns home to her family's rural digs, only to be faced with a mystery: why are all the homespun residents acting out in bizarre and unsettling ways? radiation thriller, with barely a nod to ecology, has small town residents going berserk, which (laughably) includes two women gazing at each other with desire in a public place and tim matheson receiving oral attention from a girl on an office bench. the picture is too silly for words, wasting tilly's wistfulness and quiet intensity on trash while forcing itself into a corner it can't possibly hope to get out of. some of the cinematography by thomas del ruth is good (particularly a fire sequence set inside a garage), though he is let down by the scrappy editing--and a fairly bathetic finale. simplistic screenplay has nary a surprise nor a shred of originality up its sleeve. *1/2 from ****

i wanted to see it because of two reasons. one, it was the remake of high sierra with bogart, two, the bogart part was played by jack palance, whom can play dramatic roles with some subtility, as in the big knife.but now i wonder why they decided to shoot this remake. the film follows the same plot as hig sierra; only here, the actors don't care, the director is lost in his thoughts, and who knows what the producer was thinking. jack palance is getting bored looking at shelley winters and shelley winters is asking herself what she's doing in this film. i don't even want to compare her to ida lupino in the same role. and of course, they had to use the dog story again! they surely could have come up with some different ideas. perhaps the color makes it nice to see the same location where they shot high sierra, but that definitely doesn't add any quality to the film.it's a waste of time if you've seen high sierra before. otherwise, why not see a pseudo-film noir. as for me, i'd rather die than see it one more time...

i shudder to think what people must have thought of environmentalists after viewing this piece of overbearing, preachy cinematic trash. larded with enough indian-wannabe nuttery and space brother buffoonery to stock a new-age shop, starlight makes anyone who gives a damn about the planet look like a feather-wearing crystal-fondling idiot.the plot? alien rae dawn chong arrives to guide a flute playing underwear model in a mystical quest to avert earth's impending environmental collapse. but first they must defeat an evil alien who looks nothing so much like a refugee from a castro street bar. fortunately, they've got mystical grandpa willie nelson along to help (who looks faintly embarrassed by the proceedings, as well he ought to be) along with buckets of cheap f/x and reams of pointlessly swelling music.sure, the clunky script helps to obscure the film's trite plot and staggering pace, but that's just the tip of this melting movie iceberg. everyone concerned with this film should have their union cards revoked until they complete a real course in environmental science.

all i can really say is that i'm glad that i was knitting socks while watching the movie, or i would be very angry for having wasted 2 hours of my life. the acting was terrible, the plot was even worse. there were some scenes that were meant to be serious that had my husband and i laughing out loud. i highly recommend this movie to people who like to do their own version of mst3k.

this has an interesting, albeit somewhat fanciful sci-fi plot, but it's wasted with poor direction and shlocky special effects. rae dawn chong is appealing, despite the lack of a believable story and direction consistent with her talent.

i finally caught up to "starlight" last night on television and all i can say is. . . wow! it's hard to know where to begin -- the incredibly hokey special effects (check out the laser beams shooting out of willie's eyes!), the atrocious acting, the ponderous dialogue, the mismatched use of stock footage, or the air of earnest pretentiousness that infuses the entire production. this truly is a one-of-a-kind experience, and we should all be thankful for that. i nominate jonathon kay as the true heir to ed wood!

this review may contain some spoilers.just when you thought they didn't make them so extremely bad anymore, along comes rae dawn chong as a space vixen and willie nelson as a native american witchdoctor! it's even worse when you factor in that these two are the better aspects of `starlight,' a film that should only be viewed for laughs.chong is an alien sent to earth to seek out the only remaining half-breed, part man and part alien. apparently, the earth is in dire straits. something is wrong with the genetics of mankind, and in a few decades the world will be turned into a polluted wasteland. only by duplicating the dna of the half-breed can the kindly alien race save the planet. don't ask me how that is, since the movie gives the impression that the world will be destroyed by pollution, which is caused by humans. you would think earth could only be saved by getting rid of the polluting creatures, not saving them! anyway, the half-breed turns out to be billy wirth, a man living in a small southwestern town and is part native american from his mother's line, despite the fact that his mother is a red-headed caucasian and his grandfather is willie nelson. wasn't this the sort of malarkey that made the bombastic carmen electra bomb `the chosen one' such a howler? chong arrives in her ship just as wirth nearly drowns after driving his motorcycle into a lake in a fit of recklessness being the result of just breaking up with his girlfriend. before you can say utter the word `hogwash,' chong is revealing her secret to wirth, who isn't surprised for a moment, and spreading the word to wirth's family. chong also makes pals with wirth's mother, who seems to have lost a few of her marbles over the years. well, this is because wirth's father was an alien that abandoned her. of course, he is the standard rogue alien that has conveniently picked this moment to come to earth for wirth so he can use wirth's dna to make the people of earth his slaves. (huh?) his laughable attempts to use his telepathic powers and capture wirth suck up most of the screen time and are the worst scenes in the movie. not only are they boring, but they are the scenes where you will be spotting the flubs the most.the ideas might be nice on paper, but they are handled here with the utmost of stupidity, particularly in the aforementioned scenes with the rogue alien. but the effects are the bane of the movie. the opening scene involves chong on her spaceship, communicating with her superior, someone who we do not see but that chong communicates with through a vat that emits pink light. they use no spoken words, but telepathy, so we are treated to subtitles. trouble is, both chong and her superior's subtitles both look alike, and the director gives you no indication as to which of the two are actually `speaking' at any given moment, which makes the whole conversation nothing but gibberish. the spaceship is the worst effect to come out of hollywood this side of an ed wood film. now, i am usually lenient on effects when dealing with a low budgeted film such as this, but these effects really got to me. the most offensive was the most simple one: a fake night sky. the stars in the sky are so phony they almost sound off a dial tone. most notably are the moments where chong tells someone she comes from pleiades, and we get a shot of the seven stars. thing is, the seven stars take up about half the night sky in the movie, but any stargazer knows that pleiades is a star cluster between the constellations perseus and taurus, and the cluster doesn't take up much room in the sky at all. these effects just get so lousy that your jaw will hang lower and lower with every passing moment. be careful, for it will go right through the floor during the finale when the effects have willie nelson turn into a human spotlight and . . . oh, it has to be seen to be believed!starlight, star bright; last star i see tonight; i wish i might, i wish i may; not have to watch any more of this trash today.zantara's score: 1 out of 10.

please note: i see from the various posts that there was an original silent version and also a sound version of this same film. i saw the sound version and it was esthetically yicky. considering some indicate that the original version was longer and without crappy dubbing, my review must be read with this in mind.although i know that rene clair has a lovely reputation as a film maker and louise brooks has a bit of a cult following as well, this is in many ways a technically poorly made film. while hollywood had already pretty much switched to sound mode around 1929, up through the early to almost the mid-30s, a lot of famous french films were essentially silent films--with some dialog and sound effects very poorly slapped over top the film. the lip movements in many, and in particular this film, don't even come close to matching what is being said and this would explain why an american like ms. brooks could do a french film. this is just sloppy and i would have preferred they had just made a silent film--and as a silent film this is would have been an average film--with excellent camera work (at times) and some decent silent-style acting.the problem i also found with the film was the overly simplistic plot. for a silent morality play circa 1920, it would have been fine, but by 1930 standards the plot is a bit hoary (that means "old"--not "slutty"). a lady wins a beauty contest and her macho fiancé can't handle it. she gives it all up, temporarily, but is lured back to the fancy life and this spells her end! a tad melodramatic, huh? and also a bit simplistic and underdeveloped.finally, the character of the fiancé's friend(?) i found very disturbing and unreal. he looked like harold lloyd and spent much of the movie being abused and picked on by the friend and everyone else. as he just took it throughout the movie and no resolution came about, his character seemed superfluous and the treatment he received mean-spirited. were audiences supposed to laugh as he was abused? this seems to me that's what is implied and i don't like it at all.there are far better french films of the era (le million, la femme du boulanger, fanny, regain, and others) as well as better silent films. i just can't understand this film's high rating.

normally, i don't like revenge films....period. but double impact has a little more than your typical revenge plot premise. you see, di has action, accuracy, exotic locales(i.e. hong kong), awesome gun battles, and enough martial arts to satisfy your cravings for impressive unarmed combat. like all revenge flicks, it has villains you'd love to throw out of a plate-glass window on the top floor of a 40-story building! however, double impact has none of the sensationalist crap that suffocates the plot and the elitist, racist, and venomous social stereotypes that invaded "eye for an eye" and "death wish 2".but in the plot department double impact is as transparent as saran wrap. chad and alex's parents were killed by a mob hit squad connected to a family friend with money problems or at least that's what i remembered. the explanation of why the boys were talking in french accents is a lousy one. it wasn't the watery plot that made this movie bad, but the use of clichéd lines and moves from other movies (from lethal weapon to the princess bride) really made it worse. but nonetheless double impact is still watchable. but why is that shitty movies like this have villains(for example,that greedy british guy that killed chad and alex's parents and that lethal lesbian redhead chick) you would love to hate with fiber of your being?

plot synopsis: hong kong, 1966. paul wagner, the man who built the victoria tunnel, is murdered along with his wife by his associates. his twin sons, chad & alex, are split apart. 25 years later, chad, a karate instructor in los angeles, & alex, a smuggler living in hong kong, join forces to avenge their parents' murder & rightfully claim the tunnel.this is the second time that jean-claude van damme & sheldon lettich have worked together, having previously done "lionheart". this is also the first of three films to feature van damme playing dual roles ("maximum risk" & "replicant" are the others). the plot is a very simplistic take on the revenge story, the film's sole redeeming feature being van damme's performance as two very different people – the prissy rich kid & the rough-&-tumble, cigar chomping tough guy. as it goes, van damme doesn't do a very good job in either role, although his take on alex is mildly amusing. it is puzzling as to have the brothers mistaken for each other, with them wearing different clothes & having different hairstyles. bolo yeung makes a very worthy henchman for the baddies.

twin brothers separated at birth (due to the deaths of their parents) reunite twenty five years later to avenge their parents and take back their million dollar tunnel. double impact runs at two hours long and basically adds no real approach to the corsican brothers plot and jean-claude van damme while adequate as the evil twin brother is just embarrassing as the good twin brother. also the action sequences aren't as exciting this time and jean-claude relies more on gunfire then on his martial arts. also the supporting cast is wasted and at two hours the movie is just plain dull.* out of 4(bad)

while this outing certainly doesn't live up to its predecessor, it does have more than its share of memorable moments. my personal favorite, just after laying waste to a city block with his "videodisc cannon," we see a close up of nimoy's face. as a single tear sheds from his left eye, we know at that point that nimoy is more than just a killing machine. the viewer can't help but be pulled into his emotional turmoil and we understand that his previously flat affect was only a facade. absolute brilliance!!! the sex scenes display a nice balance, carnal, but not pornographic. afterwards, i felt i had a pretty good understanding of how to work the magnavision videodisc player. too bad they haven't produced them in over 25 years.

i'm hearing rumors of an upcoming "leonard nimoy demonstrates the blu-ray disc". with advances over the past 25 years ranging from steady-cam to cgi, it'll be interesting to see if the franchise can be reinvigorated. i just hope it helps to remove the bad taste left in my mouth by that whole magnavision demonstration fiasco.and yes... "leonard nimoy demonstrates the betamax vcr" was a brilliant milestone in entertainment history. after the tentative "leonard nimoy demonstrates the compact cassette" and the downright tacky "leonard nimoy demonstrates the 8-track tape", who would have expected such a glorious piece of cinema? i'm weeping right now just thinking about it.

"paula, i may be a bitch, but i'll never be a butch!" a hilarious line in an otherwise rather tiresome skin flick which features a pretty honey in stacey walker, but that's about all. this gal's a real tease who lures her boyfriends, co-workers and even her lesbian roommate paula into her bedroom, but then turns into a whack job who cries "rape" and calls for the police! the schizophrenic personality of this certified c**t is interesting for maybe a little while, but this story ultimately turns into a real repetitive one-note affair. at least the ending is worth the wait, for those who will still care by that time.

fairly interesting exploitation flick in black and white written by david f. friedman. the lead actress stacey walker is well-cast and strangely attractive. she resembles a deranged renee zellweger with a bad hair-do. this chick only made two of these films and then moved back to texas. the music is terrible. one of her boyfriends is played by sam melville (from the tv show the rookies) using a different name.best line in the film from tony - "are you putting me on, doll? none of my chicks put me on". good b/w cinematography from laslo kovacs (easy rider & targets & many others). good locales (cool swimming pool, also used in the defilers). strange ending but fitting. a 4 out of 10. best performance stacey walker.

i have copy of this on vhs, i think they (the television networks) should play this every year for the next twenty years. so that we don't forget what was and that we remember not to do the same mistakes again. like putting some people in the director's chair, where they don't belong. this movie rappin' is like a vaudevillian musical, for those who can't sing, or act. this movie is as much fun as trying to teach the 'blind' to drive a city bus.john hood, (peebles) has just got out of prison and he's headed back to the old neighborhood. in serving time for an all-to-nice crime of necessity, of course. john heads back onto the old street and is greeted by kids dogs old ladies and his peer homeys as they dance and sing all along the way.i would recommend this if i was sentimental, or if in truth someone was smoking medicinal pot prescribed by a doctor for glaucoma. either way this is a poorly directed, scripted, acted and even produced (i never thought i'd sat that) satire of ghetto life with the 'hood'. although, i think the redeeming part of the story, through the wannabe gang fight sequences and the dance numbers, his friends care about their neighbors and want to save the ghetto from being torn down and cleaned up. forget sonny spoon, mario could have won an oscar for that in comparison to this rap. oh well if you find yourself wanting to laugh yourself silly and three-quarters embarrassed, be sure to drink first. and please, watch responsibly. (no stars, better luck next time!)

"i went to the movies, to see 'beat street' / it wasn't bad, it was kinda' neat / 'krush groove' was a flick, that i didn't mind / but when it came to 'rappin', i drew the line." word to your mother.want me to stop?that's just a small sample of the stupa-fly style of rhymin' on display in this waste of film and location permits. this movie is seriously wack (thats 80s-speak for just f*cking awful). as an emcee, mario van peebles is one hell of an actor. and as an actor, mario van peebles is one hell of a bodybuilder.any film calling itself "rappin'" had better deliver at that genre's highest standard of the time. so why were 6 year olds rolling in the aisles, even back in the day when standards were so knee-high-to-"webster"-low? because this rap is weak. so weak that not even b.e.t. or comedy central will touch it with a 10-foot gold-rope chain.blondie's "rapture" is def poetry next to this bit of dr. suess in the hood. so don't be a boobie, avoid this movie!

i am a big fan of karishma kapoor and govinda. i watched this film after i had seen fiza, which was absolutley brilliant.there are films that are bad, and there are films that are cr*p. but this film just takes the biscuit.we were so annoyed that we were conned out of paying our money expecting a decent film.avoid at all cost, dont even rent it.1/10

this was one film i wanted to watch always when it released the promos were eye catching and govinda in a negative role was a surprisebut the film isn't that goodit has lot of flawsthe start is good and till the murder everything goes well but the film falls flat when the romance track starts between govinda and karisma and the songs that followthen the twist about govinda and tabu being in love leaves more doubts and flaws and then how come govinda turns into a rich criminal from a poor villager?the last flashback too is prolonged and also the entire clash between govinda-karisma and tabun chandra disappoints music is okay, bahot khoobsurat stands outgovinda tries a negative role and does very well in it though he overdoes it too much at times karisma is good but irritates at times with her cries tabu is okay nirmal pandey still doesn't know the difference between loud screaming and acting rest are okay

i must say that i am fairly disappointed by this "horror" movie. i did not get scared even once while watching it. it also is not very suspenseful either.... i was able to guess the ending half way through the movie... so.. what's left?"the ring" is a trully scary movie... i wish other movies would stop copying from it (e.g. the trade-mark: long hair). please give me some originality.will not recommend this movie.

this quasi j-horror film followed a young woman as she returns to her childhood village on the island of shikoku to sell the family house and meet up with old friends. she finds that one, the daughter of the village priestess, drowned several years earlier. she and fumiko (another childhood friend) then learn that sayori's mother is trying to bring her back to life with black magic. already the bonds between the dead and living are getting weak and the friends and villagers are seeing ghosts. nothing was exceptional or even very good about this movie. unlike stellar j-horror films, the suspense doesn't really build, the result doesn't seem overly threatening and the ending borders on the absurd.this movie is like plain white rice cooked a little too long so that it is bordering on mushy. sometimes you get this at poor asian restaurants or cook your own white rice a little too long. you end up eating it, because you need it with the meal, because what is chinese or japanese food without rice, but it almost ruins the meal because of the gluey, gooey tastelessness of it all. 3/10 http://blog.myspace.com/locoformovies

as a girl, hinako moved away from her small village to tokyo, leaving behind her two best friends, fumiya and sayori. she returns as a young woman, surprised to find that sayori died when she was a teenager. she reunites with fumiya and they are horrified to learn that sayori is mysteriously being resurrected via the island of shikoku. oh boy. i rented this because i like asian horror and i think chiaki kuriyama a nifty actress. unfortunately, if i had to describe shikoku in one word, it would be "fruity." this movie is silly, boring, poorly filmed, unimaginative, and most of all, unscary. kuriyama has minimal screen time as the resurrected sayori, and her character is given little to work with.

feh. this movie started out in an interesting manner, but quickly ran the gamut from confusing to dull. the confusing parts happened mostly at the beginning, where the cut scenes are so numerous that its hard to tell just what is going on for the first twenty minutes or so. the dull comes later, with a tepid romance between the two living people(pusses both). the vengeful spirit of the dead girl is actually the most lively person in the film, which is sad. if the rest of the cast had been up to her caliber, the movie might have been better.maybe. because the storyline gets really interesting for awhile, as it appears that the insane priestess mother of the dead sixteen year old girl is trying to resurrect her daughter from the dead, with the decidedly unfortunate side effect that all of the other dead people would come back as well, take on solid human form, and most likely start killing off everybody. a sort of japanese mystical night of the living dead type thing. but this doesn't come to pass. even though this hairy unwashed priest with a tiny basket strapped to his head tells the uninteresting young people that this will come to pass if the priestess finishes her ritual, she does just that and the only dead person who manifests is her daughter. no mass rising of the dead, no walking army of corpses, nothing. the priest merely makes the girl's spirit go back to the land of the dead, taking the washed out wuss of a boyfriend with her, as she'd crushed his spine like peanut brittle(at which point i was tempted to cheer loudly, as this idiot went over to kiss and fondle the dead girl,,ewwww!!!). the robitussen sucking, spineless best friend has a long introspective shot at the end as she leaves the village for the last time, and that's it. no real horror, no real creepiness, which the japanese tend to do far better than american film makers with their emphasis on over-the-top cheesy face make-up, no screaming mimis. i was very disappointed.

this film is really unbelievable. i've seen so much cheap trash-movies, especially a lot 'full moon'-pictures, but 'dollman' is really hard. so much comes together: the laughable story, the actors always at the edge of parody and the special effects! how long i could talk about them! it is a really bad movie, but also one of the funniest ones. if you're a fan of bad movies to laugh about, you have to see it. and don't miss 'dollman vs. demonic toys'. it really funnier and worse.

another trashy grade z quickie from the prolific albert pyun. tim thomerson´s 13 inch clint eastwood-like cop from outer space chases an ugly flying head(!) to earth and gets involved in a gang war in south bronx! mercifully short, but deadeningly dull, with the cheesiest effects since attack of the 50ft woman. they should have fired the continuity guy, too: note how thomerson´s sunglasses disappears and reappears in every second shot. laughably bad, but that´s why we watch these movies, ain´t it? sequel ´dollman vs. demonic toys´ is reportedly even worse, if that´s possible.0 (of ****)

dreadful acting. a thinly veiled attempt to slam those on the left side of the aisle.women are subjugated and revolve around men. tom selleck shows his acting range from a to b.

why is it that a woman cannot be a strong character in a movie without sleeping with the leading man? the campaign manager in this movie dreams of leading tom sellick to the white house. it's all she can think about. so, why on earth must she have had an affair with him? it added nothing to the plot and served only to demean successful women. the only value of that tidbit was the cute "we've all slept with your husband" scene. also, couldn't the people who made this movie have watched the national conventions they were spoofing? airing between the two major political conventions only served to highlight their total ignorance of the nomination and selection process.

this movie starts out promisingly, with an early scene in which frank morgan advises against gary cooper's marriage to his daughter, anita louise. frank morgan, playing an unabashed gold-digger, loudly complains to cooper about his perceived penury at the hands of his family - including his daughter, anita louise. i am a fan of all 3 actors. frank morgan is (to my mind) a hollywood treasure, cooper a legend, and louise a very lovely, versatile and under-appreciated actress seldom seen in the leading role. i also have nothing against teresa wright, and while not blessed with great range, she usually delivers heart-warming performances.from a promising opening, the story slides downhill all the way to the end. i found nothing humorous about burning down the home of cooper's would-be in-laws. the butler in such a fastidious, non-smoking household would never just blithely walk away, allowing cooper to continue smoking, or alternatively he would certainly supply him with some means of disposing of his ill-timed cigarette. moreover, nobody with any common sense would permit himself to be left holding a lit cigarette without asking for some means of disposing of it. and finally, nobody in his right mind crushes out a cigarette in a handkerchief and sticks it in his pocket! this whole sequence just made cooper seem foolish and gauche. it is a poor contrivance - ill conceived and filmed in a way that induces ridicule not laughter. the forced medical examination of cooper is equally contrived. nobody lets himself undergo a complete medical examination without his being advised of its purpose or giving his consent! that cooper did so is too removed from reality to be funny - it's absurd! stealing babies from hospitals is a serious legal offense, and that, too, is nothing to laugh about. finally, the scenes of cooper's overly fastidious, neurotic attention to his baby's feeding and weight may have struck a nerve with a few people who have experienced anxiety over their own newborn babies. but to me they just seem tedious and slow. the wardrobe and prop departments went over the top in those scenes, while paradoxically, the script writer went to sleep.the lines are just not in the script to generate humor. they just miss on all cylinders. the laughs come not a mile-a-minute, but more like a light year-a-minute. the only time the movie has any energy or humor is when frank morgan is on camera.the scene that is totally wasted is when both of cooper's love interests and their respective fathers are cooped up in the same hotel room together. there is probably a rich vein of humor somewhere in that mine, but none of it was extracted.in the end, one of the two very likable girls is going to get hurt. predictably, it is the anita louise character, who gets jilted on her would-be-wedding night! while it is not on camera, that is her fate, and it is not particularly funny - even as a loose end. she hadn't done anything in this film to make me unsympathetic (unlike gail patrick, say, in my favorite wife). consequently, i was expecting (perhaps "hoping" is a better word in the context of the film!) for anita louise to enjoy a happy ending, too. the fact that such a nice character is essentially wiped out at the movie's end really undermines the effect of the "happy ending" for cooper and wright.i kept waiting for something to happen, for the witty dialog so characteristic of movies of the era... and it never delivered. a good performance by frank morgan in a slightly different role is totally wasted here.

this "screwy comedy" seems very forced. indeed, the actors try very hard to make a go of an essentially unfunny script. and, as a result it doesn't really go anywhere. the idea of a woman finding out she was pregnant after getting a quickie divorce just isn't all that funny. and then, when cooper sneaks off with the baby because he doesn't want it put up for adoption just seems terribly unfunny and it's really pushing hard to turn this into a comedy. it's really a shame, too, as the actors were more capable than the script and i found myself just bored by the whole mess. considering that cooper made so many good comedies, i recommend you see them instead.

john huston's wise blood was a more horrifying misrepresentation of flannery o'connor's book than i could have imagined. from the utterly terrible acting performances (and don't you, "oh that was done on purpose, you just don't get it" me!) to the musical score that was more suited to an episode of rockford files, this film was revolting. i viewed it with no ill-will at the outset, and, in fact, expected a pleasant experience. but the misrepresentation of the southern characters, from the ridiculously fraudulent southern drawl to the lilting, comedic way their faith was portrayed, was inexcusable. right down to it's end, which was completely devoid of any character sentiment, it failed in every place that o'connor's book shined and resonated. the actors portraying the "southern" policemen may as well have been eating smothered hot-dogs from nyc street stands and quoting godfather. the one redeeming acting performance was ned beatty's lively and dead-on representation of hoover shoates, a religious con-artist who hears moates preaching the church of christ without christ and sees dollar signs and business opportunities. o'connor's powerful book is most well-known for it's creepy, religious undercurrent that jibes the seemingly lifeless cadaver of "faith". mr. huston's film is a shameful mockery of the author's intentions, as they are understood by me and most of her fans, if i may be so bold as to say so. while i acknowledge that i can't know exactly what the author wished to convey, i have enough affection for her and her works to desire to remain a fan. if i viewed wise blood the way mr. huston apparently did, i would have thrown it in the trash. for flannery's sake, and mine, i forgive you, john huston. the forgetting....that will take some time.

i realize that bringing a novel to the big screen is always problematic. that is the only positive thing i can say about this truly horrid adaptation.have you read 'wise blood?' it's an amazing book. flannery o'connor wrote about the south as no one else has. she was a southerner herself, a devout catholic, and a remarkably gifted writer. in her first novel she wove together a dark and deeply disturbing tale of faith, doubt, and redemption with a macabre sense of humor and surprising evenhandedness. the characters in the book may seem outrageous to those who have not lived in the rural south, but i can assure you that such people do exist. not only do they exist, they are human beings with families, feelings, and concerns like anyone else. flannery's intentions were so often misunderstood - she was not lampooning these backwoods zealots - she saw in them the beautiful operation of what she would have called 'grace'...even in the most violent, distressing, and maddening of circumstances. to read 'wise blood' is to be washed over with a sense of dread and impending doom. finally, it is to think long and hard about our judgments and preconceptions - our entire world view.none of this comes through in john huston's 'gilligan's island'-like adaptation. none. it is a farce. a bad farce. the entire film is saturated with a hauteur that turns the stomach. the acting is poor, the southern accents are fake and insulting. the filmmakers show no insight into the thinking of religious southerners. ms. o'connor's intense prose are reduced to sight gags and cheap, amateur theatre. the soundtrack is a mixture of hayseed silliness and 'clockwork orange'-style cheeseball electronics that doesn't fit the story or even the movie. i was granted free admission to this movie and almost walked out. truly, truly terrible.as an aside, i do not agree with ms. o'connor's religious views, and while i was raised in the deep south, years ago i made my way north and have not looked back. but the south is a beautiful place full of fascinating individuals (like every other place on earth), and the cartoonish mockery with which southerners and their attitudes are dealt in this movie borders on offensive. if you're into being offended (which i am not), then this movie most definitely crosses the line.i don't like to talk crap about an artist's work - john huston was a man that i did not know, and i'm sure he was a sincere and gifted filmmaker, to which his respected place in film history attests. my views are clearly skewed by having read (and loved) flannery o'connor's work. so i don't claim to be coming from any other perspective. maybe as a stand-alone film it works for cinephiles. but for flannery o'connor fans - and, i might add, for self-respecting southerners and openminded individuals of all stripes - this movie is a waste of time.

beyond the fact crazy people exist and there are religious nuts out there.the characters basically make no sense most of the time.the film has no real beginning, middle or ending, nor is anything ever explained much.the film opens with a young man, with the unlikely name of hazel motes, apparently returning from a stint in the army.he hitches a ride to a two story house that is in extreme disrepair, windows boarded over. he goes in the house, walks around and finally writes a note that he leaves there. this scene comes to nothing, and we learn nothing further about the house or its history.it is never explained exactly whose house this is, or where the people have gone, but we are given the impression hazel has probably lived there at one time.hazel decides to go to a city. why - we don't know. once he arrives in this city he writes down a name & address that he sees on a bathroom wall, and goes to visit this woman, who is a surprisingly fat hooker. he sees her for awhile and then he apparently isn't seeing her anymore. like everything else in this movie, it comes to nothing and serves no purpose.a young man named enoch, tries to befriend him, but hazel really isn't interested, although they keep crossing paths.enoch is about as crazy as you can get. one of his habits is to go to the zoo and stand in front of the cage where the chimps are and talk at them insultingly.we never really know why enoch behaves as he does, or why hazel behaves as he does, beyond the fact hazel had an overdose of old time scary, fundamentalist religion via his grandfather.enoch later becomes enthralled with a man who dresses in a gorilla suit, and manages to get the gorilla suit from him and then runs around in it.hazel, who is wound rather tight and seems to be in a constant borderline rage does a bit of street preaching. i got the impression he was trying to free himself from the untruths of the religion that had been drilled into him.he has several encounters with a preacher and his daughter, although their interactions never really make any particular point, and there is no plot line.eventually hazel succumbs to complete religious fervor and begins self-harming.it is a very odd film. interesting in it's oddness but other than that it has absolutely nothing going for it.the cast does an outstanding job,but this film completely fails to deliver either a point of view or a storyline.the film also has the characters tossing around the n word from time to time with no connection to the rest of the dialog.2 stars

my first exposure to the templarios & not a good one. i was excited to find this title among the offerings from anchor bay video, which has brought us other cult classics such as "spider baby". the print quality is excellent, but this alone can't hide the fact that the film is deadly dull. there's a thrilling opening sequence in which the villagers exact a terrible revenge on the templars (& set the whole thing in motion), but everything else in the movie is slow, ponderous &, ultimately, unfulfilling. adding insult to injury: the movie was dubbed, not subtitled, as promised on the video jacket.

this superior inferiority to the original dumb "blind dead" movie is another trash bin waste. so many people have hyped up these films that i can't believe what they say about it. since i was a kid i have heard about how scary and great these films are and i saw them all and was throughly disappointed, was everyone on drugs, from the 1970's or do they just not know how boring this crude is?

oh my god, i give this film three stars out of ten for the following reasons. the final sequence is once again quite effectively handled and it was absolutely hilarious. that is what it gets those three points for. other than that, it was atrocious. it wasnt meant to be this funny, that much is obvious, but the dubbing, the acting of the dubbed voices, the dialogue they said, where often hilarious. the actions performed, and/or not performed also lead to much hilarity and/or throwing things at the screen. such as when the whole town is being slaughtered and one small group of people stand on a balcony looking on as if they were watching a cooking glass, or the "attempted" escapes from the church in which they hole up.evil mayor: i think something is going on outside so you should go upstairs and look out the window.hero: ok.evil mayor: now is my chance to make some idiot go outside and flail around with fire being totally ineffective and getting hacked up.insert sequence in which this occurs.evil mayor: damn, wait, i will get this small child and she will walk outside and cry pappa seemingly obvlious to the fact that those rotten corpses are not just spooky strangers but are actually zombies with no flesh or skin or anything and she will lead them away and i will flee! insert sequence in which this occurs.hero (upstairs): he is trying to escape again, fool, and he has left the door open, he is silly, this is a nice view.woman: where is my daughter?hero (downstairs now): i dont know, i cannot see her anyway and she was not outside because i could not see her despite her being out there and me having a view of the entire neighbourhood and she is standing right outside, where on earth could she be?needless to say, anybody would be throwing things at the screen after 10 minutes of this. so, watch the first film with a couple of friends, having a few drinks, and make sure by the time you get to watching this one, you are absolutely blindly drunk and can just giggle at the stupidity of it all. and there wasnt even any decent gore, such a shame.

...except for jon heder. this guy tanked the entire movie.the plot sounded entertaining. a 29 year old slacker son(heder)still lives with widowed mom (keaton)who happens to meet a new love (daniels). slacker son is jealous and anxious to lose his comfortable life and tries to sabotage the relationship. he also meets a girl(faris).i really liked the performance of daniels and especially faris but whoever casted hader would be better of selling hot dogs at the beach. heders performance is annoying, which would be a good thing since he plays an annoying guy, problem is he is to bad an actor to loose this act making this guy likable in the finale. at the end you still wish you can personally punch the guy in the face and you're upset about the end. in the future every movie with this guy will be a no go for me!

boy oh boy oh golly gee,the most interesting thing in the movie was the hilarity of the bluescreen effects used to create mom's "invisibility." they looked like they were shot on cheap video, and it looks totally unreal, and not even in a good way where its so funny that you end up loving the movie...i did not end up loving this movie. the attempted "steadicam" shots were really pathetic as well. i mean, hey, if they had a low budget flick, that's fine. you can still make a great movie with a low budget. but, a bad movie and a low budget and effects. that makes for a bad combination. in this case, such a doomed combo created the craptastic film, "invisible mom." if you have kids, and your kids have no taste, perhaps they will stay awake through all of this one.

when this film was released in 1997 the 'special effects', such as they are, were poor. they would have been dated even for the 1980s, and even some films made in the 1970s and 1960s have had the same or better sfx work. certainly no-one involved in the production of this film was looking for an oscar. it's a wild departure from director fred olen ray's usual stuff, most of which has the word "bikini" in the title (bikini pirates, bikini chain gang, bikini girls from the lost planet, etc) and are little more than t&a flicks, but here we are with a film rated "u" and aimed squarely at the kiddies. you've got to give him credit for diversifying!! this was a minor direct-to-video cult hit which later resulted in a couple of sequels - invisible mom 2 and invisible dad. dee wallace-stone (whose career went downhill fast after 1982s "e.t.) plays the 'invisible mom' of the films title and would return for the sequel. russ tamblyn (whose career had been in free-fall even longer since 1961s "west side story") plays the villainous dr. woorter. it's probably fair to say that most of the cast were at the point in their careers where they would be prepared to work on almost anything just to pay the bills that month - except maybe young trenton knight as josh. it's rather telling though that although he worked prior to this movie, this child actor didn't work again after the sequel, "invisible mom 2". maybe the film was cursed. after all, he wasn't that bad in this film. for a child actor, he's pretty good - no better or worse than any of his more experienced co-stars.as mentioned above, the "invisibility" effects are naff to say the least, the direction is poor, the writing obvious and the acting nothing to write home about. there are plenty of worse films out there though, and for anyone under the age of about ten, this film will no doubt be quite watchable. most adults will probably want to do a disappearing act of their own while it is on though, and i wouldn't blame them one bit!

my title just about sums this heap of crap up i should have taken a hint when i saw it was a fred olen ray movie - but i thought 'hey, it might be better than his usual rubbish' boy, was i wrong! this has to be the worst movie ever targeted at children. the acting was awful, the humour was non-existent, the direction was the worst i have ever seen & the special effects wouldn't seem out of place on a 1950's disney movie.what has happened to dee-wallace stone! who once had such a promising career in the 80's. movie veteran & former child actor russ tamblyn was a awful bad-guy & the budget was so low it was a totally unbelievable even as a kiddie movie.i haven't seen the sequel made in 1999 and nor do i intend toif you want a good kid movie watch 'honey i shrunk/blew up the kids/kid' or any disney moviemy rating as a 19 yo :- 2/10rating as a kid movie :- 3/10 at the best!

we have an average family. dad's a famous rapper, we have the "rebelious teenage daughter", the adopted white kid, and the cute little kid. and we have careless housemaid, what show has had a housemaid like that? do we have a messed-up brady bunch? yay! when it first came out i thought it was really cool, mostly because i was young. the music was bad. the raps were so bad and they were too g-rated. all of his raps were about his family and friends and problems. the dad was kind of the "danny from full house" type of dad. always gave the advice out. but he wasn't a clean freak. they had a house-keeper for that. remember? the plots were basically lil' romeo was in trouble of some sort, or... not that's it. oh and maybe some preteen drama. yeah that stuff is good. not really. but its still a good show for kids. but nikelodean could do better.

my god this movie is awfully boring. i am a big fan of gina gershon, when i rented this movie i expected a romantic drama, and some great performance from gershon. gershon is great as always, but she is not right actress for this role, she is too good for rade serbedzija. the romance between gershon and serbedzija's characters is too unconvincing. and i absolutely hated serbedzija's character (a wonman organizer), he is not charming in anyway in the movie. how did dr. lauren graham (gershon) is beyond my comprehension. maybe sean connery, robert deniro or harrison ford would have done a better job on this role, but they don't have the european-ish looking i guess. any way, i was so bored druing the movie. if you are looking for a good gina gershon movie, check out bound, her best film so far. if you are looking for a romantic film about a younger woman and an older man, try some harrison ford or sean connery movies. gina gershon is so underrated, and she deserves better chance than this, i wish her to make better choice in the future.

this is at least the third remake of this movie so if while watching it, there is a sense of deja vu, don't be surprised. all they did was change the setting of the story and tell it differently but the differences are not significant. and it doesn't get any better because the plot is flawed to begin with. it never works. and like its predecessors, the acting is mediocre.the plot has a unique ending which will surprise any one who has never seen the movie before but the ending doesn't fit the story. had this movie ended ten minutes earlier, it would have worked and have been very satisfying and i would have thought it more worthwhile. but here is the spoiler and that in the end crime does pay because the criminal is not caught. i never like this message resulting from a movie.

race car drivers say that 100 mph seems fast till you've driven 150, and 150 mph seems fast till you've driven 250.ok.andalusian dog seems breathtakingly bizarre till you've seen eraserhead, and eraserhead seems breathtakingly bizarre till you've seen begotten.and begotten seems breathtakingly bizarre till you've seen the works of c. frederic hobbs. race fans, there is nothing in all the world of film like the works of c. frederic hobbs.alabama's ghost comes as close as any of his films to having a coherent plot, and it only involves hippies, rock concerts, voodoo, ghosts, vampires, robots, magicians, corrupt multinational corporations, elephants and mystery gas. and the fabulous woodmobile, cruising the sunset district in san francisco, of course.what's really startling is that somebody gave him a lot of money to make alabama's ghost. there's sets, lighting, hundreds of extras, costumes, lots and lots of effects. somehow that makes alabama's ghost so wrong. you watch some awful cheeseball like night of horror or plutonium baby, and at least some part of the weirdness is excusable on the basis that they were obviously making the film off the headroom on their discover cards. but alabama's ghost was made with an actual budget, and that's evil. i mean, i've got a script about a tribe of cannibals living in thunder bay, ontario, building a secret temple in the woods out of twizzlers, and nobody's beating down my door waving a checkbook - how did this guy get the funds for four of the flakiest movies ever made?

sammy horn (michael des barres) is the head chef and owner of a famous restaurant in california. he has a lovely wife, grace horn (rosanna arquette), who is pregnant, and a beautiful son of about five years old. sammy indeed loves his family, but like dr. jeckyll and mr. hyde, he has a double life, having sex with many different women. dr. jane bordeaux (nastassja kinski) is trying to help him. ok, it is my fault: i read the summary of the other imdb user comments, i saw the imdb user rating, but i really did not believe that rosanna arquette and nastassja kinski could participate in such a bad movie. i decided to check it, and actually some comments are very complacent. the storyline, the screenplay and the dialogs are so silly and laughable that even in some x-rated movies we can find more intelligent stories. the photography is so amateurish and naive that in some parts it seems to be taken through a vhs camcorder. michael des barres does not have sense of ridiculous: being an old man, bald, would be acceptable in an advertisement of viagra or grandfather of the small boy. but as an attractive man who gets and has sex with any woman, it is scary. in wood allen's comedy, maybe he got a chance, but in a `serious' movie, it is funny. i am trying to figure out why or how rosanna arquette and nastassja kinski accepted to participate in such awful, amateurish and trash movie. do they need money? lack of chances in better movies due to their ages? are they friends of the `director' (sorry for using this word) and decided to help and promote him? i do not know whether the intention of rosanna arquette was to show her breasts full of silicone, but it is unacceptable that such a great actress accepts such a script. the same is applicable to the gorgeous nastassja kinki. she is presented fat, without make-up, without any glamour. a total lack of respect with one of the most beautiful actress in the cinema history. a fact is really intriguing me: how can a reader, without any personal interest, promote this trash, giving higher ratings or writing favorable comments about this movie? are they friends of the `director' (again, i am using this word...) or the cast? it sounds very strange to me that a normal imdb reader can like such a film. my vote is two.title (brazil): `viciado em sexo' (`addicted in sex')

this movie could have been a decent b-movie if 3/4 of the the movie wasn't so much focusing on the sex scenes. i mean, he's a sex addict, and i'm sure that there's a lot more that goes on with sex addicts outside of having sex on a constant basis. michael des barres did a good job considering what all he had to do, which wasn't much. at one point or another, one would have to laugh at him, because his character was so pitiful. nastassja kinski was alright in her role as the concerned sex therapist, she could've of done more though and i'm not suggesting her having sex. the person that stood out the most to me in this movie was rosanna arquette in her convincing role as the loving and concerned wife. there's something about beautiful inside and out that strongly appeals to me. she played that role and as you watched the movie, you start to feel bad for her."diary of a sex addict" while not oscar material or a modern classic to anyone's standards, is quite informative and does a fair job in showing you how one's personal demons can take over and ruin the very things in life you think highly of.

no reason to bother renting this flick. from the opening credits on, i knew i was in trouble.it was filmed as though it was a soft porn movie, but there really isn't anything erotic about it. the look into the world of sex addiction is intriguing, but only to a point.boring sex scenes, bad plot, and cameos by ed begley jr. and rosanna arquette aren't enough to save this film.

this movie could had been an interesting character study and could had given some insight on its subject but real problem with this movie is that it doesn't have any of this in it. it doesn't give any insight-, or solutions to the problem. it's just the portrayal of 'old' male sex addict and the problems this is creating for his every day normal life and family. why would you want to watch this? it's all so totally pointless and meaningless.it also really doesn't help that the main character is some wrinkly 50+ year old male. you'll have a hard time identifying yourself- and sympathize for him. he just seems like a dirty old playboy, who is an a constant hunt for woman and sex. he has all kinds of sexual intercourse's about 3 times a day with different woman and not just only with prostitutes.it also doesn't have a bad visual style, though it all feels a bit forced. but nevertheless it's all better looking than most other direct-to-video productions. who knows, if the film-makers had been given better material to work with, the movie would had deserved a better faith.the story really gets ridicules at times. there are really some pointless plot-lines that are often more laughable than they were obviously supposed to be. i'm talking about for instance the whole ordell plot-line. things get worse once they movie starts heading toward the ending. also the whole way the story is being told, cutting back and forth between the events that happened and the main character's sessions with his psychiatrist feels a bit cheap and simple.but as far as bad movies are concerned, this just isn't one of them. it's not really any better or worse than any other random straight-to-video flick, with similar concepts.still seems weird and quite amazing that they managed to cast nastassja kinski and ed begley jr. in such a simple small insignificant production as this one is. guess they were really desperate for work and money.4/10

don't let the title trick you into watching this movie. i read the title, saw that it came on in the middle of the night, and figured it was one of those soft porn movies. this movie is bad. if you like soft porn movies, then i'm sorry to say this isn't one. there are a lot of sex but nothing shown and they only last for 5 seconds or so.

ok, i wrote a scathing review b/c the movie is awful. as i was waiting another review (for derrida) of mine to pop up, i decided to check out old reviews of this awful movie. look at all the positive reviews. they all, i say all, come from contributors have have not rated any other movie other than this one. crimminy! and wait till you to the "rosebud" [sic] review.checkout the other movies rosebud reviewed and had glowing recommendations for. oh, shoot!, they happen to be for the only other movies by the two writers and director. holy window-wipers batman.joe, tony, you suck as writers, and tony, you couldn't direct out of a bad script. no jobs for you!always check positive reviews for a low rated movie!

my husband rented this from a video store thinking it was suspense. (he never reads the synopsis).well, it would be funny if the thing was watchable. it simply isn't. the same thing over and over, no intrigue, and where did they find the leading man?. the leading man, michael des barres, is not even feasibly good-looking, especially for this role he is given. also, sexual harassment at work is something, if you want to see, rent michael crichton's "disclosure". at least michael douglas looked good in the early 90's. alexandra paul, who is usually watchable, plays an embarrassing scene here. there are also lighting effects cheaper than your at home web cam. don't even waste time renting this. 0/10.

as many others have stated, this is a terrible movie, from every aspect of movie making. how they ever got some known name actors to take on this project is amazing.many people have complained that it was shot on 'cheap' video cameras. yes, it was shot on video, but not 'cheap' video. what made it bad was the lighting, white balancing, shooting technique and editing.there were so many different shooting and editing techniques used that it was a production mess. harsh, inconsistent lighting, over use of hand held shooting (ala woody allen), choppy editing (another allen technique), but poorly done, without real purpose.the lack of white balance in the restaurant kitchen scenes is embarrassing; very amateurish.the simulated sex scenes had no acting value at any level.how this video ever made it to print is beyond me. it is worth watching if only to be amazed at how bad it is.

i really tried to like this movie. it deals with an important problem in any society: sex addiction.in this story we learn that you can lose everything when you're addicted to sex. in this case, our main character and hero, for having non-stop sex with all kinds of women (crazy, kinky, neurotic) puts in jeopardy his marriage, job, and even his life.the production values are terrible; mainly the acting. oh, you won't enjoy any of the sex scenes, most of them are done in very poor taste and you might think you're watching a home made flick.second, the plot is just non sense. how could such a smart and beautiful wife stand all the nasty stuff from the husband? how could she believe him?! the threesome situation is priceless and will make you chuckle for a while.also, the scene with the black movie theater attendant is just pointless and will leave you thinking "wtf?". scenes like those you will find plenty. avoid this movie. please, avoid it; it's not soft core, it's not a documental, it's not a dramatic feature. it's a pretentious effort form a so called documentary director or whatever.only mrs. kinski's legs on display are worth the watch. i caught it on hbo and i'm glad i didn't spend my money on it. but those 90 minutes of my life won't come back.

this film was so amateurish i could hardly believe what i was seeing. it is shot on video! not film! i have not seen the likes of this since the early 70's, when late night networks showed movie of the week 'horror flicks' shot in......video. it looks like a bad soap opera, and that is paying it a compliment. some of the actors give it their best shot. michael des barres does okay with what he is given to do, which is to act like a sex addict out of control. i can't say that it is pleasant to watch.nastassja kinski as the therapist sits in a chair for practically the entire film, with very little variation in camera angles. i can't fault her for someone else's poor blocking, but she is totally unbelievable in her role. her little girl voice works against her here. and i consider myself a nastassja kinski fan. she is certainly ageless and exotic, but she's outside her range with this.alexandra paul is pathetically overwrought. every line she delivers is with three exclamation points. someone must have directed her to scream at all costs. why would michael des barres want to have sex with such a raging shrew?finally, rosanna arquette as the sweet, maligned wife comes off okay, and probably the most believable of the bunch. but that is not saying much.this has to be the worst film i have seen in years.

i wouldn't normally write a comment on-line, but this is the worst movie i've ever seen. not only that it's filmed just like a soap series ("the young and the restless" is really filmed by professionals compared to this), but it also has awful cuts. it has no action. it is full of useless garbage.here's an example: a guy wants to kill the main character as he got fired because of him. so (after loads of crap) here they are: the guy puts a knife at his throat and says something like "you're dead now". then the main character says: "if you kill me you're dead. i've told the police you're threatening me". so the (killer) guy goes like (just about to cry): "oh no... the cops are following me!?!! oh... my god".remember: this is just an example. i really cannot believe this movie actually exists. so: if you want to see the worst movie ever... go ahead, i recommend it :)

i was subjected to this atrocity by my wife, tried to turn it off after 10 minutes, but was forced through the whole thing. this must be, hands down, the most gruesome pretense of a movie ever...there were great script moments, such as:sammy - "if she gets over here right away, she gets a bonus" madam - "a boner?" sammy - "no, a bonus"to summarize: horrible script, terrible acting and incredibly illogical.

a sexually obsessed chef leads a duplicitous life: one as a "happily" married man with a ten year oldish child, the other as a sex fiend. the bulk of the documentary-like film follows him for five consecutive days and is told in flashback with nastassja kinski as a clinical sex therapist, listening to his story and intelligently probing him. nastassja's role is very restrictive and she is the only principal adult character who does not take off her clothes. if she had, i would have rated this movie a big fat "f." as it is, it rates an f+, implying that it is still a failure unless one likes to be bored. it is probably a lot more interesting to spend ninety minutes cleaning out the garage. "diary of a sex addict" falls into the category of films that once one has seen it, one wishes that one hadn't.

i fell asleep on my couch at 7:35pm last night watching larry sanders (i usually directivo it, but not last night). woke up at 3am (invesment banker on the west coast), and was fascinated to see this on hbo2. i was shocked on how poor this 'movie' was. seriously. shocked. so shocked that i had to write a commentary on imdb. this is really really bad. the writing is boring, but the directing and editing are simply below those of a freshman at a film school.yes it is shot video. mind you, that is shot on video, not digital video. it does look like a soap opera. the clips from skateboard videos have a more 'film' feel to them then this horror.i wanted to describe the poor directing but i honestly cant remember anything. the shots and blocking are stupid. yes, i chose the word 'stupid'. not unconventional, not daring, not bold, not boring, just stupid. i know people reviewing this review will say "well give me an example". i cant. it was 3am. but trust me, i know you will watch it anyway, you will be drawn by the horrible reviews.

this film was so amateurish i could hardly believe what i was seeing. it is shot on video! not film! i have not seen the likes of this since the early 70's, when late night networks showed movie of the week 'horror flicks' shot in......video. it looks like a bad soap opera, and that is paying it a compliment. some of the actors give it their best shot. michael des barres does okay with what he is given to do, which is to act like a sex addict out of control. i can't say that it is pleasant to watch.nastassja kinski as the therapist sits in a chair for practically the entire film, with very little variation in camera angles. i can't fault her for someone else's poor blocking, but she is totally unbelievable in her role. her little girl voice works against her here. and i consider myself a nastassja kinski fan. she is certainly ageless and exotic, but she's outside her range with this.alexandra paul is pathetically overwrought. every line she delivers is with three exclamation points. someone must have directed her to scream at all costs. why would michael des barres want to have sex with such a raging shrew?finally, rosanna arquette as the sweet, maligned wife comes off okay, and probably the most believable of the bunch. but that is not saying much.this has to be the worst film i have seen in years.

this movie (not a film -- clearly recorded on a cheap cam-corder) may be one of the greatest cinematic stink-bombs in history. beware: the packaging advertises the flick as an erotic exploration of sex-addiction. the film is not an exploration of anything, and it is no more erotic than staring at one's own warts. the script is pointless and meandering, with all plot elements serving as segways between supposed sex scenes. however, even the sex scenes are lame lame lame. except for the first, they are around three seconds long (then again, maybe my version was cut) and comically overwrought.if you are looking for a decent film, you don't want this. if you are looking for a titillating sex-flick, you don't want this. whatever your life's goals, desires, or perspectives, you do not want to watch this movie. how they got rosanna arquette, natashia kinski, and ed begly to act in this stink bomb is puzzling in the extreme.

let me first say, i watched this movie around midnight, and usually there only is trash around this hour, but this movie broke the recordfirst of all the main character is an old non attractive creepy guy, yet he gets to f*ck all girls that come on his path for example he goes to a shop, talks to a girl and then you see them f*cksecondly there are loads of sex scenes, and in many of them there is no nudity at all, i would not have been surprised if one of the characters in the movie would say: fast put your clothes on so we can f*ck!thirdly this movie should show what a sexual addiction can do to a man or a family, this movie only shows soft bad acted erotica it makes me wonder why those actors agreed to play in such trash

this trashy b movie attempts to masquerade as a study of sexual addiction, but it is really a poor excuse for a sexploitation flick. the story revolves around sammy horn (subtle name) played by michael des barres. sammy is a restaurant owner with a clueless wife grace (rosanna arquette) and a young child. he has a sexual addiction and must have meaningless sex every five minutes with any woman in his field of vision who will agree (and of course every woman on the planet finds him irresistible despite the fact that he looks old enough to be collecting social security).the story is centered on a conversation with his therapist (nastassja kinski) where he is describing each of his sexual exploits via flashback. this is nothing more than a convenient launching point for a parade of serial sex acts, which consumes at least 75% of the screen time.it is hard to know where to begin criticizing a film this bad. the production values are abysmal. the movie is shot on video with a look somewhere between a tv soap opera (at best) and an amateur porn flick shot in someone's garage. the direction by joseph brutsman is horrible with bad lighting, uninspired framing and poor actor direction. the script is vapid and the dialogue mindless and vulgar.women are generally portrayed as sex obsessed nymphomaniacs just waiting for an addict like sammy to come along and rough them up while feeding their insatiable appetites with some impersonal copulation. as an example, grace's sister comes over to indignantly inform sammy that she knows he's been sleeping around and that she is going to tell his wife. his response to that is to throw her up against the wall and begin raping her. about three seconds into it she has an epiphany and is instantly converted to one of his sex disciples begging him to give her more. just as they finish grace walks in and sis says to her, `oh, great to see you, gotta run to pick up timmy' and mum's the word about sammy's indiscretions. the bond of loyalty has been sealed with a good ravishment. no spoiler here because it is so typical of the obvious nature of the film that anyone who had seen the first fifteen minutes could have predicted it.the sex depictions are all overdone, mechanical, and so poorly simulated that they are more comical than erotic. most of them are done with both participants fully clothed. the acting is wretched. michael des barres presents all the depth of a rain puddle. he really seems to get into the thrusting and profanity of the sex parts, but when it comes to actually acting with arquette and kinski, he is adrift. rosanna arquette is the closest thing to an actor in this film, giving a bearable performance and looking genuinely hurt when she finally discovers that her perfect husband is a lecherous animal. nastassja kinski is far too compassionate as the therapist, but at least we have some acting happening here. the rest of the cast is just a collection of elevated body doubles to whom they give thought provoking lines like `hit me harder, is that the best you can do?' and `oh, god…yes'.this movie is among the worst i have ever seen, a dubious distinction given the thousands of films i have viewed. i have given it the extremely rare dishonor of rating it 1/10. not to be seen within three hours of any meal.

"diary of sex addict" is a pathetic attempt at a serious drama about sexual compulsiveness. probably a movie marketing scam, this flick is a stylish shoot with a good cast and little else going for it. bottom line, "diary..." would have us believe that our sex addict character has the dumbest wife in the world, a stable of babes on the side who have nothing better to do than drop their panties for him at his whim, and no job in spite of being a restaurateur. at the best, this flick could have been good drama. at the worst, cheap softcore. "diary..." isn't either and nowhere in between. this one's for the dumpster. (d-)

it is incredible in that it succeeds in being terrible on so many levels. the script, the acting, the directing and the choice of cast are all appalling. the costumes, sets and pseudo-medieval language are also utterly awful. in an odd way i actually enjoyed this film, once i had accepted that it wasn't going to be any good. it seems a shame that people would spend so much time and effort producing something so poor, when really they could have made something pretty decent out of the premise (albeit not very believable!), but instead we are treated to a rather nauseating and cheesy tale of dragons and knights, that lacks any of the charm to be found in other such fantasy films. let's just hope that the lord of the rings is a bit better! oh, and david thewlis' haircut makes him look like he-man. it does!

this movie has such inexorable b class cheapness to all its scenes, effects etc as to make you think they spent 80% of their budget on connery. it's like watching some wing commander stuff after star wars (quite apart from content).story can be described in one word: flat. and oh my god i can't remember a villain so uninteresting since long long ago. we're given neither a reason he's so wicked (an inborn defect, we're lead to think:) nor any real convincedness or flair to his wickedness.if you're out for connery rather go rent `hunting forrester'.

an interesting idea for a film, both showing the last dragon on earth and showing the struggle he and someone evil have together. when he was younger, einon got stabbed in the heart, so bowen (dennis quaid) took him to the dark lord who gave him half his heart. now grown up einon (david thewlis) is now the selfish and evil king. meanwhile, bowen is using a new friend draco the dragon (voiced by sir sean connery) to get rewards for "killing" dragons. but because einon has half of draco's hear, they both feel the pain in one of them is hurt, or killed. also starring pete postlethwaite as gilbert of glockenspur, jason isaacs as lord felton, julie christie as queen aislinn and john gielgud as king arthur. it was nominated for the oscar for best visual effects. worth watching!

i had high expectations for this movie and was excited about renting it but was very disappointed when i saw it. it was very poorly written and sort of just fell apart. there wasn't a lot of good anything in this movie except maybe special effects.

after disney's witty live-action george of the jungle, i had high hopes for this flick. major disappointment. thread bare plot, bad acting, bad visual effects. this film relied on lame one-liners, idiotic ( and pointless) product placement, and the lamest most annoying side-kick in that gadget car thing. i took two young kids to see it and they where bored out of their mind. the only laugh received from this movie was bad standby of when needing a laugh show a guy getting it in the groin!

why?!! this was an insipid, uninspired and embarrassing film. the embarrassment comes from being from the city where they made it...pittsburgh pa! why did they let these people do such a baaaaad movie there?when this movie was originally to be released...it was more of a romantic comedy...and no robo-anything. that all got changed along with cuteness courtesy of disney. why???? they did a terrible interpretation of this classic comic character. seeing matthew broderick make fun of his own movies was not fun either. sheesh!!

if the term itself were not geographically and semantically meaningless, one might well refer to "ned kelly" as an "australian western." for the people down under, ned kelly was, apparently, a folk hero bandit akin to robin hood, jesse james, bonnie and clyde, and butch cassidy and the sundance kid. the descendant of irish immigrants, kelly became a fugitive and an outlaw after he was falsely accused of shooting an australian law officer, a crime for which his equally innocent mother was put into prison. to get back at the government for this mistreatment, kelly, his brother dan, and two other companions, became notorious bank robbers, winning over the hearts of many people in the countryside while striking a blow for justice in a land where irish immigrants were often treated with disrespect and disdain by those who ran the country.perhaps because we've encountered this "gentleman bandit" scenario so many times in the past, "ned kelly" feels awfully familiar and unoriginal as it pays homage to any number of the genre's stereotypes and clichés on its way to the inevitable showdown. ned is the typical heart-of-gold lawbreaker who kills only when he is forced to and, even then, only with the deepest regret. he also has the pulse of the common folk, as when, in the middle of a bank robbery, he returns a valuable watch to one of the customers, after one of his gang has so inconsiderately pilfered it. what movie on this particular subject hasn't featured a scene like that? it's acts of selective generosity like this, of course, that earn him the love and respect of all the little people who come to secretly admire anyone who can get away with sticking it to the powers-that-be and the status quo. geoffrey rush plays the typical bedeviled law enforcer who feels a personal stake in bringing down this upstart troublemaker who keeps getting away with tweaking the establishment. there's even the inevitable episode in which one of the ladies being held up goes into the next room and has sex with one of the robbers, so turned on is she by the romantic derring-do of the criminal lifestyle. and the film is riddled with one hackneyed scene like this after another.heath ledger fails to distinguish himself in the title role, providing little in the way of substance to make his character either interesting or engaging. it doesn't help that he has been forced to provide a droning voice-over narration that underlines the sanctimoniousness and pretentiousness of both the character and the film."ned kelly" might serve a function of sorts as a lesson in australian history, but as an entertainment, it's just the same old story told with different accents.

i really wanted to like this movie - the location shots were mostly filmed in pittsburgh and the trailer had some wonderful photography. but, even for a filmed cartoon, it was a really badly-made movie. the continuity and pacing were both simply awful. the best bits in the movie are under the ending credits, so it's (almost) worth sticking it out to the end (though, oddly, it does pick up a little over the last half hour or so).when the best performance in a movie is by andy dick, you know there's got to be a problem...

luckily i did not pay to see this movie. also, i cannot even reveal any spoilers because i willingly walked out after forty minutes of the movie. it was that bad. i laughed once, when the yahoo! billboard fell on the guy, and the theme song came on. however, that was only because i thought it was making fun of it, but then i realized it was yet another product placement. i loved the cartoon. i used to watch it almost religiously. (although i missed the last episode. i heard that they show dr. claw and it was nothing more than a claw, somebody comment on the show's page) the cartoon had penny and brain alot more than the movie had, as to that point. i hated the setup of the whole thing, reminiscent of robocop. then broderick screws with the whole feeling of inspector gadget. he is not nearly as clumsy as the cartoon was. another fact is his gadgets actually work to the point i saw, except for the oil slick. he also screwed with the tone of "wowsers" which used to be in an excited tone. i felt so disappointed that they slaughtered the cartoon so badly. everybody else felt that way too. us 14-17 year olds remember the cartoon fondly and we loved every minute of it.i went into the movie with an open mind, knowing that they would have screwed with the cartoon. i was taken aback at how retarded the movie was. it relied on sight gags, and stupid dialogue for humor. disney relies on pain and physical humor to push a kids movie along. product placement is pointless in this film, and it shows. the wise-cracking car is not that good at cracking wise. the gadgets look nice, but they were almost overly glossy. the cartoon was a better look. the silly scenes were crap. in the 40-45 minutes i watched the movie, not one laugh was heard, and they laughed at the dudley-do-right preview. this movie should not be watched by people who want intelligence in their family entertainment. i highly recommend "the iron giant," which was sad, but very very good. this movie is a travesty to the whole family drama.------------1

since i had loved the inspector gadget cartoon in the 80's, i went to see this movie. i wasted my money. the plot was very thin. also, the movie could not keep me interested for long. i was glad it was over.if you want to see inspector gadget, watch the cartoon instead. it was much better than the movie.

i'm not quite sure why, but this movie just doesn't play the way it should. it should be humerous and fun, but instead is just boring. i think a large part of it is because they way over played the "gadgets." the old cartoon it is based on is much better.3/10

this is one of those movies you think that the makers would refuse to release it because it is so terrible. obviously they were thinking that children are stupid and are excellent for absorbing endless ads and would think they are entertainment because it is slapstick funny. what is it with the talking car with buttons that say wendy's, mcdonalds, m&m's and skittles? there was no talking car in the cartoon. (dr.) claw is supposed to be evil, not handsome and charming. why is rupert everet 'claw' anyway? were the writers on drugs when they wrote these scenes? it looks like they were (badly) lampooning robo cop, with the turning a man into a crime fighting android thing. i tried to get my money back but there was a policy where if i watch more than 30 minutes of a movie, you don't get a refund. i'm sorry i watched more than 30 minutes of that pile of crap. after i was told the no-refund policy, i decided to watch the rest of the hideous garbage called inspector gadget.

if you enjoy seeing what must have started as a 2 hour movie in unconnected bursts of unwatchability, you'll love this film. otherwise, you'll just wonder how they could have made such a film from something so simple to translate to the big screen as inspector gadget.in the previews for the film, many scenes were shown which were not in the film, and within the film, some scenes just don't make sense. while the movie is slightly less than 1 hour and a half, i can only think of one truly memorable moment, and that is just before or during the credits!

well. where to begin. let's just say this; avoid this movie at allcosts. it's based on a cartoon series. the movie makes the cartoon looklike hamlet. filled with emasculated actors who seem embarrassed to behere, lousy camera work, terrible music, and enough product placement tomake you want to never visit yahoo! again, this movie is really thebottom of the barrel. to quote the new yorker, matthew broderick andrupert everett mug their way through this picture with the gay abandonof men who have spotted a rare species of paycheck in the distance."they should pay us some of the millions they earned for watching it.awful.

i was a huge fan of the original cartoon series, and was looking forward to finally seeing gadget on the big screen -- but i never in my wildest dreams expected something so extremely extremely terrible. the pace was way too fast, there was no plot, and 'wowser!' - what the hell is that?? it was 'wowsers!!'.

i grew up watching the old inspector gadget cartoon as a kid. it was like get smart for kids. bumbling boob can't solve any case and all the work is done by the walking talking dog brain and his niece penny. i had heard the live action movie was decent so i checked it out at the library. i rented this movie for free and felt i should have been paid to see this.broderick comes nowhere near the caliber of acting don adams had as the voice of gadget. his voice was all wrong. the girl who played penny looked nothing like the cartoon penny. she is brunette where the cartoon version was blonde with pigtails. but she does do a decent job given what she had to work with. dabney coleman gives a good performance as cheif quimby. saldy he never hid in any odd place or had exploding messages tossed at him accidently by gadget.the gadget mobile was wrong. it never talked in the series and it did fine. why did they do this?gadget was too intelligent in this film. in the show he was a complete idiot. here he had a halfway decent intellect. it would have worked better if he was a moron.also the completely butchered the catchphrase. borderick says "wowser". it is and should always be "wowsers". it sounds lame with out the 's'. i got upset when they showed the previews and they didn't have the correct phrase.the only decent gags were during the credits. the lacky for claw is in front of a support group for recovering henchmen/sidekicks. seated in the audience is mr. t, richard keil aka jaws of bond movie fame, a herve villacheze look alike, oddjob, kato and more. this is about the only part i laughed at.the other is at the end where penny is checking out here gadget watch and tells brain to say somethin. don adams voices the dog saying that "brain isn't in right now. please leave your name at the sound of the woof. woof." of course this isn't laugh out loud funny, just a nice piece of nostalgia to hear adams in the movie. he should have at least voiced the stupid car.kids will like this, anyone over 13 won't.

i used to have a fascination with the cartoon back in college when it was being made. it had much the charm of "get smart". while it admittedly had its faults, it was rather enjoyable.naturally i was very interested in seeing the film version. that was before i saw it. afterwords i wished it had never been made.besides being miscast all around (who on earth though broderick was even close to the role?) it just didn't make the grade.the effects were reasonable and perhaps the only thing i liked about the movie; seeing a live-action version of the gadgets in action! what was missing was a story and treatment which made it funny or charming or interesting.the original was a wacky cartoon with a very lighthearted attitude. it was fun. the motion picture became murky and took itself far too seriously. if it had seriously had a great plot or went crazy enough to make it seem like a "cartoon on film" it might have been enjoyable.as it exists it doesn't deserve to be considered part of the "gadget legacy".

once again, disney manages to make a children's movie which totally ignores its background. about the only thing common with this and the original gadget cartoons is the names. the most glaring errors are the characters - penny does not have her book, brain has been reduced from a character to a fancy prop, dr claw is more a show-off than an evil villain, etc. but there are more than that. the horrors start from the first minutes of the film - having gadget as a security guard called john brown doesn't help identifying him as the classic inspector gadget. and right in the beginning we see disney's blatant attempt to turn every story ever into a love affair between a man and a woman - they introduce brenda, who only serves to make this movie disney-compatible. add to this the fact that the "claw" seen in this film and the classic dr claw are almost diagonally opposite and you'll see this is going to be nowhere near the original storyline. what would help would be a better storyline to replace it - but as you guessed, disney failed in that too. the whole movie is just gadget acting silly for silliness's sake and lusting after brenda. as if to add insult to the injury, disney introduced the "new" gadgetmobile - it doesn't look, function or think like the old gadgetmobile at all, it's just the canonical "comic relief" figure. disney obviously recognised that the gadget cartoons were a comedy, so they made the film a comedy too, but they took out all the clever running gags (like the assignment paper exploding in the chief's face) and replaced them with gadget being a moron, the gadgetmobile being a wise-ass, and "claw" showing off. someone should tell disney that "children's movie" doesn't imply "total lack of any brain usage". gadget should be targeted for children of 10-12 years... not children of 10-12 months like this movie. whatever this movie is supposed to be, it is not, repeat not, the real inspector gadget. because i love the old gadget, i hate this.

i grew up watching inspector gadget. it was, and still is, one of my favorite cartoons, if not my absolute favorite. i learned a lot of geography and history from the spin-off inspector gadget's field trip. i wanted to slip on a banana peel and become the greatest detective ever.but the film has ruined the reputation of the wonderful cartoon.matthew broderick, an actor with potential, was definitely not the role for inspector gadget. first thing- in the film, inspector gadget is smart. not so in the cartoon. in the film, gadget solves the mystery mostly by himself. in the cartoon, it was almost always penny, brain, and the awesome book (i still want her book!). if gadget solved the mystery, it was by accident. gadget in the film seems to be a competent detective, but in the cartoon was pretty dumb, which was where the humor came from.another thing is that it's too much "good guy v. bad guy" in the film. it's not just meant to be a silly saturday morning cartoon. also, gadget never should have a love story, but disney corporation is filled with idiots.also i miss the true gadgets that gadget had, and especially the gadget car. in the movie it was a chic convertible. in the cartoon it was a sedan police car and could turn into a van. it also barely had any gadgets and was mainly there to get him from place to place.but if anything, the one thing that was terrible about the movie was that it was a feature movie. inspector gadget was a silly saturday morning cartoon. the movie was too serious, too overdone, had too much of a plot and wasn't even remotely as funny.tip for those who haven't seen it: never see it. ever. watch the cartoon, it's a true classic.

why every horror director wants to imitate "the exorcist" is a complete riddle to me, as william friedkin's "classic" is a very overrated film and, in my opinion, not all that tense or shocking. and yet here's another clean rip-off, a spanish one this time, that shamelessly repeats the story of a young girl that gets possessed by pure evil and turns against her own family. paul naschy (who i must admit looks quite hot here) plays the honorable priest who gets approached by john gibson because his sister leila's behavior changed drastically since she met her new boyfriend. at first the priest doesn't believe it but when john's body is discovered with its neck twisted, leila's demonic behavior becomes more noticeable... "exorcism" is not only very unoriginal, it's also an insufferably boring film! here naschy and director juan bosch had an open opportunity to make a religiously themed exploitation flick full of shocks and gore, and yet the result is a tame and overall bloodless drama that'll nearly put you to sleep! the last twenty minutes contain some atmospheric moments, albeit very stupid, and there's quite a lot of stylishly filmed female nudity and sleaze. the absolute lack of budget is no real excuse since paul naschy already proved before that he has enough imagination to make up for a shortage in money. this is just an awful film, end of story. other european "the excorcist" rip-offs are "the antichrist" and "beyond the door" and they suck as well!

while i certainly consider the exorcist to be a horror classic, i have to admit that i don't hold it in quite as high regard as many other horror fans do. as a consequence of that, i haven't seen many of the exorcist rip-offs, and if exorcismo is anything to go by, i'll have to say that's a good thing as this film is boring as hell and certainly not worth spending ninety minutes on it! in fairness to the other exorcist rip-offs, this is often considered one of the worst, and so maybe it wasn't the best place for me to start. it's not hard to guess what the plot will be: basically it's the same as the one in the exorcist and sees a girl get possessed by a demonic spirit (which happens to be the spirit of her dead father). the village priest is then called in to perform the exorcism. like many spanish horror films, this one stars paul naschy, who is pretty much the best thing about the film. exorcismo was directed by juan bosch, who previously directed the derivative spanish giallo 'the killer wore gloves'. i haven't seen any of his other films, but on the basis of these two: i believe that originality wasn't one of his strong points. there's not a lot of good things i can say about the film itself; it mostly just plods along and the exorcism scene isn't worth waiting for. i certainly don't recommend it!

nahhh! leila (grace mills) is a teenager turned on to satan (and lsd) by her archaeologist fiancé richard. there's a neighborhood hippie demon cult hanging out at the local decrepit ancient castle, where leila and richard drink blood, drop drugs, join in sex orgies, dance to lame psychedelic rock and participate in black mass ceremonies where the guys wear pants, masks and capes and the women don't wear anything at all. unfortunately, these kind of extracurricular activities have left leila open to demonic possession from the dreaded "spirit of evil." leila also comes from a screwed up family, which doesn't help either. her older brother john is a recluse who seems to be in love with her. her mother patricia (maria perschy) is depressed because she thinks she was responsible for the father's death. to top it off, her sister (maria kosti) is a slutty semi pro golfer named (gasp!) debbie gibson. there's plenty of hired help around also to waste more time. two maids (a young one who takes her clothes off a lot and an old one who spies on everyone), plus udo (luis induni), a bald voyeuristic handyman who spies on leila changing clothes, takes nude pictures of her and sneaks into the pool house to take a sniff of her freshly used bathing suit. oh yeah and borg, the pet german shepherd.paul naschy is father adrian dunning, the doubting priest (zzzzz) who starts snooping around after john and richard both have their heads twisted around backwards. leila tells him "they say i am perverse and i'm going to prove it is true!" during her birthday party, she tells her guests "you make me sick! i hate you all!" and when mom suggests having a doctor come over she she screeches "i don't want to see that fat ass!" debbie suggests they commit leila to a "sanitory," but leila runs off and joins the cult again. she is rescued (again) and brought back home (for the third time).by this point in the movie, there's only about ten minutes left to go and all we've basically seen is some very boring scenes of characters talking and whining about how terrible and f-ed up their lives are and how leila is acting weird. it's almost as agonizing to sit through as an andy milligan movie, minus the gore and laughs. but finally during the last few minutes we get the movie the title implies - an exorcist-like possession flick. unfortunately, the best part of it are the contact lenses leila gets to wear. some cheap time-lapse slashes appear on her arms, legs and face, she gets scabby lips and her eyes take on the appearance of blue and white marbles. she begins reeking of rotted flesh, spits up some clear gunk, starts speaking in her dead dad's voice, sneaks into her mom's bedroom, slaps her around a bit and calls her a "filthy bitch of a whore." in comes father adrian, who now finally believes she is indeed possessed, fends off her attempts at seduction, hallucinates frogs and eels are in the kitchen and douses leila with holy water. doors open and close, a mirror breaks, there's sudden thunder and her bed rises up off the floor. after she tackles dunning and the two roll down the stairs, the spirit is out of her and into - guess who? why, borg the family pooch! the demon dog then turns on adrian and chews him up a little before he impales it on a fire poker. then we get one of the most irritating final shots ever committed to film. it's leila on the floor going from her hideous appearance back to her normal sexy self. but then there's another time-lapse effect that sort of seems to suggest that the demon has possibly reentered her body. it's so badly done, you really have no clue what to make of it, which is the final slap in the face to anyone who has just realized they've wasted an hour and a half on this worthless pos.screw the contacts, 1 out of 10 it is.

this movie was a stupid piece of crap. bad everything. why is it that we who love western movies get jilted nine out of ten times when renting westerns. it seems that if you don't see names like robert duval, kevin kostner, or tom selleck attached to the cover, it isn't worth messing with. for the most part the main action of shiloh falls was taking place in 1892, yet the revolvers used were 1860s models. even the shooting was bad - in one scene the marshal fanned his six-shooter about nine times and couldn't hit any of three large men who were only about twenty feet away. i had to turn it off after about 15 minutes of this inanity. perhaps those who participated in this movie could have taken some lessons at the sunset carson school of acting.

i love westerns. i could watch them all day. "the good, the bad, and the ugly" is my all time favorite. i watched "silverado" for probably the 8th time just the other day because it was being featured on cmt. however, this movie, shiloh falls is without a doubt the worst western i have ever watched. the acting was terrible all around. they explain nothing at the end of the mysterious compass looking thing. the only good part i can think of is the good-looking cantina girl. the very noticeable long pauses between the dialog seemed intentional just to make up time to make the movie of acceptable length. this movie wasn't even worth the new rental fee i paid at our local movie rental store. i felt like i was robbed and deserving of a rental refund if there was such a thing. only reason i finished it was because i hate to not see a movie through to the end. i turned it off half way through because it was so bad. to the director, please do a better job if you decide to make another. this is the kind of movie that has the potential to turn people off to westerns.

i just got through watching this dvd at home. we love westerns, so my husband rented it. he started apologizing to me half way through. the saddles, costumes, accents--everything was off. the part that made me so mad is where the guy didn't shoot the "collector" with his bow and arrow as he was taking the fat guy's soul. his only excuse was "he only had 2 arrows left." we watched it all the way through, and, as someone else said...too many bad things to single out any one reason why it sucked. i mean, the fact that the boy happened to snatch the evil stone from the collector on the same month and day it was found, what's the point of that? and why were there a grave yard where everyone died on april 25 but the people whose souls were taken by the collector were still up walking around? if you want a movie to make fun of after a few beers, this may be your movie. however, if you want a real western, you will hate this movie.

there is a scene near the beginning after a shootout where horses are running. if something red catches your eye it is because a white van is parked behind a bush by the trail. i thought i had seen bad but this is it. a white van in a western. did they not catch this? oh well, and i paid top dollar at the rental. it will make you want to grab your buddies and have them all put in 10 grand and make a better movie. the talking was so so slow, the acting was mostly ok but couldn't be taken seriously due to the poor nature of the filming. there is a door at the sheriffs that looks like a door today with the particular trimming. i say watch this movie, and move cabin boy into #2 on the worst of all time.

i still find it difficult to comprehend that a movie as bad as this could be made in hollywood. the acting and story is simply pathetic & the direction is awful. i don't see any logic behind this trash except may be that the director had nothing good to do. i took me ten minutes to realize that i had wasted my precious thirty rupees. it filled me with dismay that i was going to waste some more time of my life on this crap. i bet the movie was made in less than a day. i don't know what category it falls into. please, avoid this movie at all costs, just do anything, even bang your head against walls but don't go for this movie.

where do they get the money to make films like this? i mean, there's nothing redeeming about this film. none of the actors are known, the writing is terrible, the photography is blurry, the story wanders between being a bad version of repo man and a nicklodeon western and the acting is unbelievable. for someone who watches all kinds of film, good and bad, i must admit that this film is about the worst i've seen since attack of the eye people back in the 50's. i don't really like to trash the effort of people trying to create some entertainment or, heaven forbid, art but this film would seem to appeal to no one. the story bends on a mystical contamination of a person who's a bad version of the celtic soul eater, although he functions more like a male succubus without the sexual overtones. the bad guys have to team up with the good guys in a town where they are unable to escape from. take it from there as that, alas, is the best part. my advice is that unless you are into bad mythology, amateurish writing, unconvincing acting and tedious settings, you will best be served by leaving this one on the shelf when you're out renting videos.

....cause it's crap! the kind of movie that makes you want to go and smack the movie maker and say "why?". horrible camera work...count the times the camera tries to remain steady on one person and can't. the dialog is ridiculous. the acting is comical. it looks like they took over a ghost town in the west to see if they could make a movie on the least amount of money possible. i'd bet $10 they used home video cameras to make this. either that, or most of the cameramen were drunk. truly the trailers are more entertaining than the movie. if you ever want to host a "worst movie party", bring this one. want more entertainment...stare at a wall.

knowing enki bilal's comics for quite some time, i had to see this movie. i have thought this would be a good way for the artist as bilal to spread his art and ideas to wider audience. i have also thought this would be a good movie to recommend, and i thought i will enjoy watching it... i was wrong! the movie was a true torture to watch. the idea has potential... but, movie leaves way too much to be desired, and basically everyone who sees this movie is left with impression that he could do it better. i will not make suggestion whether you should see this movie or not. chances are if you're reading these pages that you have already seen it, or that you're gonna see it - but be prepared for very bad 102 minutes.

my first attempt at watching this ended in 8 minutes, roughly after the tv report scene, which i couldn't handle. it went approximately like this:reporter 1: hmm, there's a pyramid in our skies. reporter 2: i think it's aliens. *awkward silence* reporter 1: in other news...a few days later i watched it to the end, and it wasn't as horrible as i've imagined, but there are serious problems with this. about half of the plot can be easily discarded. and the other half should be expanded to explain the background story or something.what use are the detective, the eugenics people, and the monsters which are disposed of momentarily by horus? more amusing was the monopoly scene. "we're all powerful "gods", who have lived for aeons, and of all the games in the multiverse we happen to play monopoly." monopoly? monopoly?! even erich von dainiken looks coherent, compared to that.the other half is terribly lacking. what did our protagonist do to get himself cryo-frozen? why was there no big event when he was released at the end? he had those pesky followers, remember? what happened to normal humans? what's the deal with the masked guy? how did the blue-haired girl appear? what's with her eyesight? etcetera, etcetera.visually it's ok, more or less, if you disregard the egyptian gods looking like walking turds with rotweiller heads.

the movie remains in the gray for far too long. very little gets explained as the movie progresses, with as a result lots of weird sequences that seem to have a deeper meaning but because of the way of storytelling they become only just weird and not understandable to watch. it sort of forces you to watch the movie again but no way i'm going to do that. it is that i watched this movie in the morning, i'm sure of it that if i watched this movie in the evening i would had fallen asleep. to me the movie was like a poor man's "blade runner".the movie leaves far too many questions and improbabilities. it makes the movie leave a pointless and non-lasting impression.also the weird look of the movie doesn't help much. the movie is halve cgi/halve real life but it's not done halve as good, impressive, spectacular and imaginative as for instance would be the case in later movies such as "sin city" and "300". they even created halve of the characters of the movie by computer, which seemed like a very pointless- and odd choice, also considering that the character animation isn't too impressive looking. sure the futuristic environment is still good looking and the movie obviously wasn't cheap to make but its style over substance and in this case that really isn't a positive thing to say.some of the lines are also absolutely horrendous and uninteresting. the main god of the movie constantly says lines such as; 'i'm going to do this but it's none of your concern why i want to do it'. than just don't say anything at all mr. horus! it's irritating and a really easy thing to put in movie, if you don't care to explain anything about the plot. also the deeper questions and meanings of the movie gets muddled in the drivel of the movie and its script.the actors still did their very best. they seemed like they believed in the project and were sure of it that what they were making would be something special. so i can't say anything negative about them.the story and movie is far from original. it rip-offs from a lot of classic and semi-classic, mostly modern, science-fiction movies. it perhaps is also the reason why the movie made a very redundant impression on me.a failed and uninteresting movie experiment.3/10

this has to be the worst piece of garbage i've seen in a while.heath ledger is a heartthrob? he looked deformed. i wish i'd known that he and naomi watts are an item in real life because i spent 2 of the longest hours of my life wondering what she saw in him. orlando bloom is a heartthrob? with the scraggly beard and deer-in-the-headlights look about him, i can't say i agree.rachel griffiths was her usual fabulous self, but geoffrey rush looked as if he couldn't wait to get off the set. i'm supposed to feel sorry for bankrobbers and murderers? this is a far cry from butch cassidy, which actually was an entertaining film. this was trite, cliche-ridden and boring. we only stayed because we were convinced it would get better. it didn't.the last 10-15 minutes or so were unintentionally hilarious. heath and his gang are holed up in a frontier hotel, and women and children are dying because of their presence. that's not funny. but it was funny when they walked out of the hotel with the armor on, because all we could think of was the black knight from monty python and the holy grail. i kept waiting for them to say "i'll bite yer leg off!" we were howling with laughter, as were several other warped members of the audience. when we left, pretty much everyone was talking about what a waste of time this film was.i may not have paid cash to see this disaster (sneak preview), but it certainly wasn't free. it cost me 2 hours of my life that i will never get back.

they constructed this one as a kind of fantasy man from snowy river meets butch cassidy and the sundance kid, and just for a romantic touch ned and joe get to play away with high class talent, the bored young wives of wealthy older men. ok, there are lots of myths about ned kelly, but there are also a lot of well documented facts, still leaving space for artistic creativity in producing a good historical dramaticisation. i mean, this is not the robin hood story, not the arthurian legends, not beowulf, not someone whose life is so shrouded in the mists of many many centuries past that any recreation of their life and times is 99% guesswork. it's only a couple of lifetimes ago. my own grandparents were already of school age when ned was hanged. so it's silly me for fancifully imagining this movie was a serious attempt to tell the kelly story. having recently read peter carey's excellent novel "the true history of the kelly gang" i had eagerly anticipated that this would be in similar vein. but no, the fact is that mick jagger's much derided 1970 kelly was probably far closer to reality, and a better movie overall, which isn't saying a whole lot for it.glad it only cost me two bucks to hire the dvd! i'll give it 3/10, and that's only because some of the nice shots of the australian bush make me feel generous.

please save your money and go see something else. this movie was such piece of crap. i didnt want to go, but i had to so i thought i'd laugh at least once, nope. not a single laugh, it was that horrible! chris kattan will never get a good comedy role after this and "a night at the roxbury." this movie is completely obvious, has no smart humor at all, and just repeats itself over and over again. listen to me, and stray as far away from this movie as you possibly can!

corky romano has to be one of the most jaw dropping and horrific "comedy's" ever made.while the sometimes amusing chris kattan who pulled off a very funny performance in the hilarious 'undercover brother' his character in corky is so stupid and so unfunny-which is a shame since the premise is a wonderful idea. to bad they ran out of them when they got to page 3 on the script.

***spoilers*** ***spoilers*** from its very opening credits this fantastic movie sets the record straight: it's an instant classic. it doesn't take long to realize that this movie is big, bigger than `kindergarten cop' or `police academy 7.' the sheer greatness of it left me speechless as i walked out of the movie theater and proceeded right back to the ticket counter to purchase myself another dozen of tickets.this is a movie that simply requires multiple viewings. the first watching will surely leave you with that strange `huh?' feeling, but don't feel embarrassed - it happens to the best of us. the story is so diabolically clever that one has to wonder about the mortality of its authors. what seems to be a simple story of an idiot infiltrating the fbi, turns out to be an allegorical story that works on several levels and teaches us all about the really important things in life. the complexity of the plot structure will baffle you on your first viewing, but don't give up! not until my sixth or seventh viewing did i only begin to unravel some of the hidden mysteries of `corky romano.' and watch out for the unexpected twist at the end, otherwise you might be caught completely off guard when it is revealed that fbi agent brick davis is fbi's most-wanted criminal, corky is not a real fbi agent, pops romano is innocent, peter romano admits he's illiterate and paulie romano comes out of the closet as a homosexual. surprised the hell out of me, i can tell you that much.chris kattan's comedic talents are unmatched as he leads his character corky romano through a maze of totally unpredictable situations. reminiscent of john reynolds' performance in `manos, the hands of fate,' kattan takes on innumerable multiple personalities and tackles all scenes with perfect comedic timing. however, kattan is not just about comedy. he is a master of drama as well, as he controls the audience's feelings with the slightest moves of his face. his facial expressions reflect life itself, in a way. for example, in the scene in which he farts into his brothers' faces, you can see the expression of social injustice and alienation clearly reflected on his anguished face. at a moment like that, it's hard to find a dry eye in the house.screenwriters david garret and jason ward are the real heroes of `corky romano.' with a story of such proportions, it's easy to understand why two experienced writers had to be employed to complete this ambitious project. their skillful storytelling and unorthodox structuring makes `pulp fiction' look like a mediocre saturday night live skit. garret and ward's story is so compelling and alluring that it grips you by your hair, swallows you entirely, shakes you around and spits you right out. at the end of the out-of-this-world experience known as `corky romano' you find yourself a different person with different worldviews and different ideas, and with only one question on your mind:why, god? why?!?

direction must be the problem here. i recently heard john cleese speaking of working a skit for fawlty towers. he was supposed to attack his car with a branch. the first branch was too flimsy and not funny. the second branch was too stiff to be funny. the third was just flimsy enough to be funny. this sort of attention to detail is missing from "corky romano". no matter how embarrassingly unfunny a comic bit was, it wasn't fixed, and wasn't left on the cutting room floor. the one value i can find in this movie is as a study of a very flawed movie which somehow escaped into distribution without being repaired.i've scanned dozens of other reviews here. the number of reviews praising this absolute waste of time bolsters my suspicion that some people are getting paid to promote titles. i can't fathom how anyone over the age of 9 could rate this title more than a 4, max. i mean, come on, 5 is average. i can't imagine anyone, even those making money off of this, rating it even as much as average.this makes my list of the 10 worst movies of all time. and, hey, i actually like the three stooges and can even tolerate ed wood!

i vowed a long time ago to never, ever watch a movie that has anyone who ever was a regular cast member of "saturday night live". i didn't rent "corky romano" but i was forced by my unfailing good manners to watch it for half an hour. then my good manners failed. stupid, not funny. tedious, not hilarious. bad, not good. that in a nutshell is all i can say for this video.

i did not watch the entire movie. i could not watch the entire movie. i stopped the dvd after watching for half an hour and i suggest anyone thinking of watching themselves it stop themselves before taking the disc out of the case.i like mafia movies both tragic and comic but corky romano can only be described as a tragic attempt at a mafia comedy.the problem is corky romano simply tries too hard to get the audience to laugh, the plot seems to be an excuse for moving chris kattan (corky) from one scene to another. corky himself is completely overplayed and lacks subtlety or credulity - all his strange mannerisms come across as contrived - chris kattan is clearly 'acting' rather than taking a role - it bounces you right out of the story. each scene is utterly predictable, the 'comedic event' that will occur on the set is obvious as soon as each scene is introduced. in comedies such as mr. bean the disasters caused by the title character are funny because you can empathise with the characters motivations and initial event and the situation the character ends up in is not telegraphed. corky however gives the feeling that he is deliberately screwing up in a desperate attempt to draw a laugh from the audience.if chris had not played such an alien character (who never really connects with the other characters in the movie) and whose behaviour is entirely inexplicable (except for trying to draw laughs) and the comedy scenes weren't so predictable and stereotyped - all the jokes seemed far too familiar) this movie could have been watchable. but it isn't. don't watch it.

i could only get through about 25 mins of it. not one laugh in the 25 minutes i gave it, one of the most painful films i've ever had to endure. chris kattan is so nervous on screen that it made me nervous to watch him. just a horrible movie.

wow. some movies just leave me speechless. this was undeniably one of those movies. when i left the theatre, not a single word came to my mouth. all i had was an incredible urge to slam my head against the theatre wall to help me forget about the last hour and a half. unfortunately, it didn't work. honestly, this movie has nothing to recommend. the humor was at the first grade level, at best, the acting was overly silly, and the plot was astronomically far-fetched. i hearby pledge never to see an other movie starring chris kattan or any other cast-member of snl.

why is this film so bad? well, if being so stupidly annoying and unfunny is a reason, then this film is it. the character of corky romano is unlikable at best and downright infuriating at worst. the gags are predictable but that isn't what makes it bad. they are the lame sort of predictable jokes that your unfunny friend would say.corky romano is about a mild mannered vet that tries to do right but is so clumsy. his quiet life is thrown for a loop when the family that once spurned him now needs him to infiltrate the fbi to destroy any trace of the family's crime history. however, it isn't that easy for corky because the fbi believes him to be a super agent and pegs him with the duty of spying on his very own family. mishaps and mayhem ensue but it really doesn't feel like any comic hijixn are there. corky ends up in love with his beautiful fbi partner and has to set the record straight with both the fbi and his family if he is to settle down to the quiet life again.i think what makes this film irritating is both the lead actor and the supposed jokes. chris kattan reveals his alarming limitations as and actor here as his one note slapstick routine falls flat about 10 minutes into the film. it is okay to have a full movie based solely off of dumb, slap stick humor. will ferrel, kattan's snl partner, seems to have made a full career out of it. the only difference between kattan and ferrel is that ferrel knows when to tone it down and rely on other ways of telling a joke. there is absolutely no diversity in kattan's routine. it's hard to hear the same joke twice, but for a whole movie that is just pure torture.the other problem with the movie was the lack of truly original and funny jokes. the gay mafia brother, the awkward guy sch-tick, and plenty of other forgettable jokes appear none as funny as the first time you barely laughed at it. it seems as if the screenwriters had more of a fun time writing this than any one had watching it. even with a cast that has some comedic talent (chris penn, peter falk) the jokes that commence are tired. there is no chemistry too. this film was obviously one for the pocketbooks for the actors. no body seemed to care about it, or even try. sad thing is, no body told chris kattan that.

probably the only thing that got the movie up to a four for me is the fact that i love peter falk. one of the world's great portrayers of bumbling incompetence . . . and yet he is one of the only anchors that prevents this from being a chaotic disaster. as pops romano, he provides a respectable mix of gangster charm and straight man to chris kattan's manic foolishness. respectable performances are also offered by richard roundtree as the harried boss, vinessa shaw as a talented female fbi agent bouncing her head off a glass ceiling and fred ward as falk's advisor and benedict arnold.the plot concept actually has some wonderful possibilities and, in the hands of a young steve martin or chevy chase, could have proved a great comedic vehicle. kattan, who seems to idolize ernest or pee wee herman, just provides a muddled mess. sadly, peter berg and chris penn, who portray his misfit brothers, both fall far short of their proven capability.there are some very funny scenes, but they are far too few and separated by way too many boring ones. what i truly miss here is what always attracted me to the leslie neilsen movies. there is no 'second level' of wit riding over the slapstick. no cultural references that only the adults get. . no double entendre. . it is just silly.and, by the way, this doesn't all mean that i am recommending it for your 9-year-old, because hopefully they have better taste and less fascination with some of their body parts and their functions.

the script for this tv soap opera is so bad that even a. hopkins at some point had to play like an undergrad drama-student so as to bring some life in his script-dead character. i do not know whether this was the purpose of the director, but hopkins' ciano reeked nothing but vanity, fear and lack of self-esteem. the real ciano possibly was all that but then, why make a movie about him? mussolini was a bit more convincing, and his long way down was as if closer to the truth. edda mussolini was plain ridiculous (not because of sarandon, but because of the impotent script), while she had to be the central character of this alleged familial drama. watch it only if you enjoy venezuelan soap opera.

in são paulo, the upper middle class teenagers cristiano, chico and gabriel have just joined the university and on the eve of the opening class, they go to a party with drugs and booze. on the next day, after their classes, the date of cristiano in the previous night comes to his house and the three friends rape the girl. the girl dies, they panic and decide to get rid off the body, but cristiano's mother arrives, startles with gabriel and rolls the staircase, breaking her neck. the trio decides to dump and burn the corpses in a garbage landfill, but along the night other tragedies happen.the polemic and shameful "cama de gato" is an overrated pretentious crap about alienation of the youth, and is certainly the worst brazilian movie that i have seen along many years. the shallow, tragic and dark story is actually a black humor comedy of bad taste. the screenplay is not funny, with stupid lines and dialogs, and boring, manipulative and silly footages with interviews with morons teenagers in the beginning and in the end. the acting is terrible, apparently with many improvisations, but no talent, and i was disappointed with presence of the promising caio blat in this trash. the camera, framing, cinematography and edition are amateurish and of very low quality. the sound is awful and in many parts it is impossible to understand what the actors and actresses are speaking (probably it is a plus, since this flick sucks). the gang bang is very realistic and used to promote this mediocre movie in a very poor marketing of sex-exploitation. my vote is one (awful).title (brazil): "cama de gato" ("bed of the cat")

though i'd heard that "cama de gato" was the worst brazilian movie of the decade, i watched it giving it a chance; after all, first-time director/producer/writer alexandre stockler managed to make his debut feature (shot in video) for just us$ 4,000 and -- though it looks even cheaper -- i can't begin to imagine all he went through to finally get it exhibited in theaters with no big sponsors or production companies behind it (then as i watched it i realized why). but whatever chances you're ready to give to "cama de gato", they shrink to zero within 10 minutes: it's an unbelievably preposterous, verbose, ideologically fanatical and technically catastrophic attempt to portray brazilian upper-middle class youth as a bunch of spoiled neo-nazis hooked on bad sex, drugs and violence (and they're made to look like closeted gays too), made with no visible trace of talent, imagination, expertise or notion of structure. visually and aurally, it recalls the worst amateur stuff you can find on youtube -- only here it lasts ninety two (count'em) minutes of unrelenting hysteria and clumsiness, and it's not even funny-bad.we've all seen the story before: bored young guys want to have fun, go partying, take drugs and everything goes wrong -- there's gang-rape, spanking, murder, the accidental death (falling down the staircase!!) of the mother of one of the boys, culminating with the boys deciding to burn the corpses of the girl and the mother in a garbage landfill. moral and literal garbage, get it? the film is heavily influenced by larry clark (especially "kids" and "bully"), but clark's films -- though also moralist and sexploitative -- are high-class masterworks compared to this crap.i don't think there was ever such monomaniacal drive in a filmmaker to stick his ideas down the audience's throat: stockler grabs us by the collar and tries to force his non-stop moralist rant into our brains by repetition and exhaustion -- you do get numb-minded with so much babbling, yelling, inept direction, shaky camera and terrible acting going on. stockler doesn't care a bit about technique (the quality of the images, framing, sound recording, soundtrack songs, dialog, sets, editing, etc is uniformly appalling), but he's a narcissistic control-freak: he anticipates the criticisms he's bound to get by adding subtitles with smartie/cutie comments, and by making the protagonists comment at one point how far-fetched and phony it all is (i could relate to that). despite his megalomaniac ambitions, stockler seems incapable of giving us a minimum of visual or narrative structure -- he can't even decide if he wants gritty realism (hand-held video camera etc) or stylization (repetition of scenes, use of alternate takes, etc). damn, he can't even decide where to put his camera (there's use of subjective camera for the three leads)! the dialog features some of the most stupefyingly banal verbosity ever; the plot exists simply to justify the director's profound hatred for his characters and what they stand for. all you see is a filmmaker being hateful, preachy, condemning, moralizing without the benefit of a minimum of talent (or technique) to go with it.it's very disappointing to find caio blat in this mess. certainly one of the most promising young film actors in brazil, with his sleepy-eyed puppy dog looks and emotional edge that often recall sal mineo's, blat can be highly effective under good direction (as in "carandiru", "lavoura arcaica", "proibido proibir"). here, he's told to go over the top and he has to play with some of the most embarrassingly under-equipped "actors" in recent memory. he also enters the risky realm of graphic sexploitation scenes (so goddawful they look rather like web-cam porn).the film opens and ends with real interviews with "typical" (?) middle-class youth -- stockler wants us to take those interviews as "proof" of what he's trying to preach in fiction. but he blatantly despises and makes fun of his interviewees, selecting a highlight of abject, racist, sexist, stupid statements (which only shows assholes exist everywhere). stockler wants to prove that brazilian middle-class youths are all present or future fascists because they're middle-class and enjoy recreational drugs (is he saying all neo-fascists are on drugs?? or that drugs potentialize fascist behavior?? i couldn't tell). with its dogmatic self-righteousness, headache-inducing technique and mind-bending boredom, "cama de gato" is bad for a 1,000 reasons but, above all, it's harmful in a very insidious manner: it gives detractors of brazilian cinema a powerful case of argument. "cama de gato" is best unwatched, unmentioned, buried and forgotten.

this show seemed to be kinda good. kyra sedgwick is an ok actress and i like police series, but somewhere in the production this program went awfully wrong. first of all, the writers should have more suspects than one, you know who did it every time!!!!! that makes it boring. the main character is unbelievably annoying and its not believable in any way. i know they wanted her to be tough, but shes mean, stupid and a bad chief. the crimes are uninteresting and bland, and its just lame all the way. as stated above, i hate it.... all in all, this was a big disappointment and very bad indeed...

my husband and i were intrigued by the spectacle - a strong willed southern lady with a messy personal life solves crimes for the lapd. the first season was must-see tv for us. unfortunately, the stories of her personal life in the second season became so tedious and unworthy of the strong character that we stopped watching.my husband and i were troubled by the episode where she tries to hide from her mother the fact that she is shacked up. but the deal breaker was the episode where she hides her possible pregnancy from her boyfriend but tells her boss. why would a strong, middle aged woman do those things? the answer is she wouldn't. additionally, my husband and i pick out the bad guy with almost perfect accuracy. it is almost always a white male or female introduced in cameo at the murder scene or in an idealized family. can't the script writers do something original from time to time? as i mentioned, we are no longer viewers. we prefer shows that don't betray the characters and insult our intelligence.

this program didn't do it for me, although i'm a fan of the genre. the major factor that disappointed me was that there was not a single scene which was not dominated by the main character. this made it a bit two-dimensional and i gave up before the program was over.i was hoping to leave my critique there as i'm no movie critic, however, the guidelines on imdb state that you must put in 10 lines of commentary. it did remind me of hudson hawk in the way the main character is in every single scene, and i would hope that the writers of this program could employ some more diversity to engage with the viewers. i don't doubt the talent of any of the cast and crew, it's just that after watching things like "the wire", i've come to expect great things from cop drama.

to be honest i knew what to expect before i watched this film, and i've got to say it has the worst acting i've ever seen. it does have its moments, and on a comedy level its very entertaining, but i'm afraid its not scary, and stupidity is taken to a new level. there's a lot of unnecessary gore, and the plot is all over the place. i have no idea why the aliens were evil, and why they even came to this remote part of wales, (i mean who'd go there anyway?) but i didn't care at that point, because i was amused by the costumes, and the bad cgi. as far as b-movies go, this deserves the title of 'being so bad, its good', and kudos to the film-makers, because they probably knew what they were doing. long may these films continue.....

evil aliens owes a huge debt to peter jacksons early films bad taste and braindead.i must confess to never enjoying those films particularly and i say the same about this.jake west is a director who clearly lacks inspiration of his own and chooses to steal from those whom he looks up to.i lost count of the amount of times a major hollywood film was quoted most notably james camerons aliens.the amount of blood and gore on show here isn't funny either,the latter end of the film becomes tired and dragged out.maybe it would have worked better as a short film.the actors a poor,the direction is weak and the plot is non existent.i can see what the director was trying to do,the homage he was trying to pay,but others have done the same thing a lot better than presented here. 4/10

largely dense road movie with some comic relief provided by the excellent john cleese (although he is really sending up his performance in fawlty towers). seems to flip from over the top slapstick to slushy sentimentality at the drop of a hat, and the worst part of the film is that martin and hawn have to "find themselves", who they are, etc. see it at your peril.

when i saw previews of this movie i thought that it may be dumb, but it will at least be funny. well i was wrong. even though somewhere deep down the producers had an interesting message to convey about parents being left alone and re-evaluating their life, the way they tried to deliver that message was horrible. the first fifty times something silly happened to the couple was relatively funny. but by the end, i could almost predict what stupid mishap is going to happen next.throughout the movie i like a total of maybe five lines of dialogue and everything else was at best mediocre, which is still more than i can say for the movie itself.

it's terrific when a funny movie doesn't make smile you. what a pity!! this film is very boring and so long. it's simply painfull. the story is staggering without goal and no fun.you feel better when it's finished.

we all know what's like when we have a bad day at the office, right? well, this neil simon comedy looks at what it's like when you have the worst of all days just trying to get to the office. sometimes, it's just not worth going, know what i mean? and, sometimes, it's just not worth doing something when it's already been done before, in 1970, with jack lemmon and sandy dennis... and much better also.it's not that steve martin is a lousy comedian or wrong for the role as the harried and stressed advertising exec; quite to the contrary, on both counts. and, it's not that goldie hawn is equally inept either; her work has been consistently good, if not great, ever since i first saw her in tv's rowan and martin's laugh-in of the 1960s.the problem with this movie is that it's not about the hapless couple at all: it's really about new york and why everybody should come to new york to live and love their lives away in married bliss – sort of – in the greatest city in the world. that's if you're a new yorker...look, the 1970 movie is still an excellent comedy that realistically explored all the things that can go wrong when you take a trip somewhere, and included most of the situations and sight gags that you can imagine about what can happen to you in a strange environment. this 1999 version unfortunately goes off into gratuitous tangents specifically for an audience these days that expects or wants to see excess. for example, not content with the star appeal of the main players, there is a cameo (relatively long also) from rudy giuliani, then mayor of new york, as we all know. what – giuliani bucking for president even then? worse – a walking talking advertisement for the kinder face of new york.and then we have john cleese, reprising his role as basil fawlty – but this time, as a prancing cross-dresser also – once again browbeating hotel staff, sycophantically sucking up to rich customers and generally making himself look like the idiot he is, in this role. and, in the process, doing great damage to the memory of fawlty towers, arguably the best british comedy series, bar none...why was this 1999 movie made? in the 1970s, new york was a dying city, in many ways. it was almost literally bankrupt. so, when made in 1970, that was the city you saw: grim, dark, moody, unsettling and not the place that the harassed couple finally chose for their new life together in the big smoke (as it was then, polluted and all). by 1999, things had gotten better: glitz was back, new york was thriving, it was the big apple, ready for you to bite into, if you had the moxie...so, naturally, the couple in this second coming find that moxie within themselves and finally join the fabulous fray to continue the american dream of life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness. hence, this movie is truly comic but not for reasons that the producers perhaps envisaged. as much as i like steve martin and goldie hawn in comedy, this movie is a travesty of the much better one made with the great jack lemmon. if you've seen the latter, then definitely don't bother with this one.

someone should tell goldie hawn that her career as a teen-age gamin ended thirty years ago. this is one of the worst films released in years, an unequivocal disaster in which the two leads give themselves over to a frenetic exposition of their trademark tics in an effort to make up for a bad script and bad directing. this thing should have been smothered at birth.i hope john cleese got paid a lot for having his name attached to this disaster. he is the only performer who came through this stinking mess more or less unscathed, his only fault being a failure to realize that the rest of the cast would sink the picture.

this film so not funny - such a waste of great stars, who seem to be caught up so in their own stardom that they forget. only shining moments belong to john cleese as the hotel manager who likes to dress up - you almost fall out of your chair with helpless laughter when he dances to donna summer's "bad girls" while wearing high heels, a mink coat and a dainty hat. the rest: forget it!

one would think (as i did), that with steve martin, goldie hawn, and john cleese, a movie should be, at the very least, decent. these stars (especially martin and cleese) have produced some of the funniest works of comedy of all time.well, apparently i was grossly mistaken--this is single-handedly one of the worst movies i have ever seen. it boggles my mind how one joke after the other can be so profoundly unfunny. it pained me to watch these talented actors execute one of the most positively lame scripts i have had the misfortune to come across. based solely on the big names, i remained hopeful for a long time through the duration of the film, but it consistently failed to provide any entertainment whatsoever.normally, both with movies and in life, i try to stay away from biased comments and broad generalizations. but with this film, it's hard not to let loose. i can count on one hand, perhaps even two or three fingers, major hollywood productions that left me more bitter than this. this is easily one of the worst comedies ever made.i tried to enjoy this---i really did. but the out-of-towners ultimately fails miserably. if you really want time-efficient entertainment, just take your money and watch it swirl as you flush it down the toilet. just please don't watch this movie.

within 15 minutes, my whole family was rooting for goldie hawn's character to die, or at least for steve martin's character to leave her. at 40 minutes, we turned it off. there are only a couple of movies a year we try that turn out so annoying that we can't even stomach it long enough for the story to get established.normally i like both steve martin and goldie hawn, and i remember enjoying the neil simon original. so i blame marc lawrence and sam weisman. combine the director of "whats the worst that can happen" and the writer of "miss congeniality 2", and i guess this is what we end up with.

granted, this seems like a good idea. steve martin, goldie hawn, and john cleese in a neil simon comedy. where can you go wrong? watch the movie, and you'll find out.in truth, martin, the lead, is mis-cast. he's not doing the great slapstick he's known for, from movies like "the jerk", but instead plays a sort of in-between character that doesn't work. hawn, with no one to play off of, is terrible. cleese is the only even partially funny member.to top it off, the plot is pretty stupid. i can't say how much of it may have been changed, but the characters seem to lack the slightest bit of common sense. they blunder through new york, not doing anything right, and unfortuneatly, nothing funny. not only is the whole premise completely unbelievable, it seems to give the message that people who don't live in new york aren't very bright, a theme repeated throughout the movie.in summation, instead of seeing this, go rent the original "odd couple" again.

in an apparent attempt to avoid remaking the original movie an excellent cast that should have made this inherently funny, classic neil simon material better than the original failed on every level.the chemistry between goldie hawn and steve martin that was magic in `housesitter' was nonexistent in this effort.

anyone who saw the original 1970 movie knows how an excellent cast, script, and director can put together a comedy masterpiece. by the same token, it's easy to see how the opposite of that can create another insipid hollywood bore-a-thon! this movie was pathetic! had it not been for john cleese (a comic genius), i would have walked out about 15 minutes into this dreadful waste of celluloid.neil simon wouldn't write another screenplay for this version (he said that he couldn't improve on the first), and i'm surprised that after this cinematic fiasco he wouldn't sue for defamation of humor!jack lemmon and sandy dennis did such a wonderful job in the original, what were the producers thinking about when they cast this one? how could the director and editor look at these scenes and think any of them were funny? i don't know, but one thing i do know---it's no surprise why foreign and independent movies are becoming more and more popular.......

american movies about war and nazis simply cannot be good. they can not refrain from becoming idiot and following an agenda. all nazis are bad, crazy, too proud, and americans are so modest yet so capable and sensible and human. come on, stop this bullshit. the main character says something like "by this trial, we have to make aggressive war a crime". is america a peaceful nation with its world #1 $420 billion "defense" budget (#2 china with just $51b)? is it simply spent in this without any... roi? why portray america as a peaceful nation when it isn't? i deeply dislike movies with an agenda - they throw art to hell and try to persuade us into believing something. hollywood should put a label on movies, just as record companies have that "parental advisory" label. we should have a "bullshit advisory", "propaganda advisory" or a "politically correct advisory" label on some movies. this is one of them.

this movie was disappointing. it was incomplete and dull. while alec baldwin tried to portray himself as the perfect fair and just prosecutor (not to mention executive producer), the movie never showed any of the defense counsels or tried to challenge the audience with an actual meaningful debate on the subject of how a country could be led down such a terrible path.sure, nobody wants to defend the nazi's point of view, but that was the point of the nuremberg trails! four hours of simply bashing on the nazi's.... c'mon! thats been done already!i really think alec baldwin should just stick to being kim bassinger's husband.right after the movie ended, tnt showed the 1959 movie, trail at nuremberg. that movie is far superior.

an accurate review of nuremburg must consider the door to history inadvertently opened with the movie "valkyrie" (tom cruise). "valkyrie" (2008) at long last tells the world there was a german resistance during world war two professionally organised with bureaucrats, military generals, soldiers and civilians who tried to over throw the nazi political regime, install a new chancellor, obtain peace and close the concentration camps. however, these unknown absolute heroes received no help at all from the allies who helped the french resistance just next door. history writers have used an institutionalised agenda ever since to conceal an allied evil which cost many tens of millions of lives with everyone conditioned to believe a deception that the german people completely supported the nazis and consequently deserved the 24 hour bombing genocide and "unconditional surrender" that was imposed on the germans. the german enigma codes were broken by english scientists in 1943 so much of what the germans were doing was known. during 1943 the germans developed new jet fighters and jet bombers by companies including arado, heinkel and messerschmitt. however, even if the nazis were eliminated and the german resistance succeeded the allies wouldn't allow any democracy in the world to have jet fighters, jet bombers, high speed submarines, ballistic missiles and radio guided missiles without the usa having them first! this is where the institutionalised agenda is relevant. consequently, the german resistance got no help at all from the allies although they always had crucial intelligence to eliminate adolf hitler. the 20 july 1944 coup is proof there were significant efforts by the germans to obtain peace. instead, the germans got ultimatums of "unconditional surrender" and 24 hour saturation bombing in an agenda to avoid peace. the allies wanted to steal the world's greatest technology and scientists from the germans and contain complete ownership through an "unconditional surrender." it was a premeditated allied agenda to allow the war to perpetuate and keep the nazis in power to justify the 24 hour bombing but it took one year after d-day before allied armies advanced into germany to steal the world's greatest technology and scientists at the barrel of a gun. however, tens of millions of people had died since the allies abandoned the german resistance for their own greed. the allies imposed "unconditional surrender" on the germans as a pretext to complete ownership and control of german property and government and it was done without using the german resistance to over throw the nazis. the allies wanted to steal the world's greatest technology and scientists from the germans to achieve world technological supremacy. consequently, everything else took second place to the evil allied agenda which killed millions of german people in the 24 hour bombing; the concentration camps stayed open; the war was prolonged and led to the "cold war" with weapons based on german industrial achievements, technology, and scientists taken from the germans in world war two.the 1946 nuremburg war crimes trials were a public relations deception and mass murder perpetrated by the allies as retrospective justice to the nazis. it was a smoke screen to hide the evil and greedy allied agenda for world technological supremacy rather than help the german resistance overthrow the nazi political regime.tens of millions of people died because the allies abandoned the german resistance to an agenda but they inflicted retribution against the german chiefs of staff anyway whom paid with their lives at nuremburg war crimes or not although the allies had perpetrated genocide to achieve world technological supremacy.

apparently most viewer knows nothing about the history of europe, including germany, hungary and the whole central and eastern europe as well as the hitler and stalin era. nuremberg (and a lot of forgotten trials all over europe) was a revenge and injustice of the winners. what do you think, why were not any american, british, french or soviet defendants after the wwii? there were no american, british etc. war crimes? there were no hiroshima, no nagasaki, no tokyo, no dresden, no hamburg, no berlin, no katyn and so on? the germans had war crimes too, but in nuremberg the justice was not a real consideration. the main point was: vae victis! germany must perish! (that was also a book title in america, 1941.)this film is an awful, ignoble american brainwashing instrument, full of error, lie, propaganda, prejudice and injustice. and first of all: full of hypocrisy. but not surprisingly... why wasn't enough the nuremberg process itself? this film is a nightmare. total darkness after 60 years! this darkness (and hate and narcissism and lack of self-criticism) is the real cause of the massacres in korea, vietnam, cambodia, serbia, iraq and so forth. and there are no american war criminals... bravo, america! very clever. even stalin would become envious of it...

i couldn't believe my eyes when i watched nuremberg yesterday on dutch television. it starts very slowly, the backgrounds of the nuremberg trials become clear step by step, the germans have a funny english accent, but then, suddenly, in the last few minutes of the first part of the series, the audience gets to see the most shocking, horrific footage i have ever seen.it is important that people get to see such footage (although i absolutely don't agree with people stating that there is no minimum age at which children can be exposed to this kind of material), but in this film it was completely ridiculous. it was purely meant to improve the impact of an ordinary tv series. it was meant to shock the audience which is very cheap and unbelievably easy. in stead of trying to move us with well-done scenes, inspiring dialogue or interesting viewpoint's, the audience is being tortured with horrible images of skin-and-bones camp inmates. it doesn't show any respect for the victims of the holocaust.i'm very angry.

that word 'true' in this film's title got my alarm bells ringing. they rang louder when a title card referred to america's civil war as the 'war between the states' (the circumlocution preferred by die-hard southerners). jesse james -- thief, slave-holder and murderer -- is described as a quiet, gentle farm boy.how dishonest is this movie? there is no mention of slavery, far less of the documented fact that jesse james's poor widdered mother owned slaves before the war, and that jesse and his brother frank actively fought to preserve slavery. according to this movie, all those civil war soldiers were really fighting to decide whether missouri is a northern state or a southern state ... that's all. (missouri: it's a candy mint! it's a breath mint!) black people are entirely absent from this movie, except for two glimpses of a pair of beggars, one of whom wears a "help the poor" sign that's very implausibly typeset instead of handwritten. (some shots of 19th-century newspapers are inaccurate too, with 20th-century type fonts.)this film has a weird flashback structure. there's some very impressive stunt riding (and some fine work by stunt horses), and one excellent montage. i savoured one line of dialogue: 'some of those boys will never taste beans again.' the movie gets a few facts straight: agnes moorehead, as jesse's mother, conceals her right arm in the scenes following the raid by the agents of pinkerton (here called 'remington') in which jesse james's real-life mother suffered injuries requiring the amputation of her lower arm. some errors here are pardonable: during his bushwhacking days, the real jesse james accidentally shot off part of his left middle finger, but robert wagner (in the title role here) does not have a stumpfinger. i've seen a photo of jesse james's real wife; if she had looked half as glamorous as hope lange looks in this movie, jesse james might have stayed home more.there's plenty of revisionism here, and most of the male actors wear 1950s hairstyles. but many of this movie's errors were avoidable. jesse james's mentor william quantrill is mentioned several times, but all the actors mispronounce his name. we see jesse and his wife moving into an elaborate two-storey house (where he will soon die) after paying a rent of $18. actually, jesse james's last residence (at 1318 lafayette street, st joseph, missouri) was a simple one-storey cottage, renting for $14. there was no upper storey ... so, when jesse james is killed, his wife could not come running from upstairs as hope lange does here. (she was actually in the kitchen.)one continuity error: robert wagner (with no stunt double) does an impressive job of taking a slug to the jaw and falling over while his hands are tied behind his back ... but when he gets up, the rope binding his wrists has vanished.the screenplay does some weird and unnecessary juggling of dates. following the northfield robbery attempt, jesse says he expects to get home by his birthday. the actual northfield bank raid by the james gang (7 september, 1876) was two days after jesse james's birthday. (maybe he meant next year's birthday.) later, we see jesse and his wife moving into their st joseph home on a fine summer day, while jesse tells her what he plans to do when christmas eve arrives ... but in real life, mr and mrs jesse james moved into that house on 24 december, 1881 ... so this scene should *be* on christmas eve! these errors were entirely avoidable.some of the fictionalisations here don't make sense. according to this movie, the northfield bank raid failed because one (fictional) henchman was late in cutting the telegraph wires. if this had actually happened, it would indeed have hampered the james gang's getaway ... but it wouldn't have affected the robbery itself, which failed for other reasons.there are good performances here by jeffrey hunter (as frank james), moorehead, alan hale jnr (as cole younger) and by stage actress marian seldes in a rare screen role. i was disappointed by robert wagner, normally an under-rated actor. elsewhere, wagner has proved his impressive range by convincingly portraying heroes, villains and morally ambiguous characters. here, he can't seem to decide whether to depict jesse james as a goodie or a baddie ... so he doesn't much bother. john carradine phones in his performance in a brief role as a fictional jackleg preacher who baptises jesse and his wife at their wedding. in fact, jesse james was baptised in childhood by his uncle, a methodist minister ... but perhaps this second baptism is a topping-up.jesse james was no robin hood. (i doubt that robin hood was robin hood either, but that's another story.) there is not one single documented instance of jesse james ever sharing his loot with anyone beyond his own family. after some of his hold-ups, he didn't even split the swag with the rest of his gang. in this movie, jesse gets gunned down right after he vows to give up his bandit ways forever. in reality, the night before his death, jesse james and the ford brothers stole horses that jesse planned to use the next day in a robbery of the platte city bank. as preparation for most of his robberies, jesse james stole horses from local farmers ... the same poor folk who (in the inaccurate legends) were supposedly the beneficiaries of his largesse. i cringed at one scene here, in which the fictional jesse james is so gol-durn refined that he disapproves of an oil painting which tastefully depicts nudes.'the true (not much!) story of jesse james' is wilfully dishonest about a thieving murderer, and likewise dishonest about the civil war. for the very impressive stunt work, one good montage and a few fine acting turns, i'll rate this obscenely dishonest movie 2 points out of 10.

fox's "the true story of jesse james" (1957) is a remarkably poor widescreen remake of their prestigious 1939 tyrone power/henry fonda classic "jesse james". i'm not sure where the fault lies but the casting in this version of the two central characters, the uneven direction of nicholas ray and the ham-fisted screenplay must surely have something to do with it.in the late thirties and forties tyrone power was fox's top leading man but in the fifties his star began to wane and studio head darryl zanuck started to groom newcomer robert wagner to take his place. this was a major error on zanuck's part as wagner proved to be a less than a suitable replacement. with the possible exceptions of "broken lance" (1954) and "between heaven & hell" (1956) it is hard to think of wagner distinguishing himself in anything! also, jeffrey hunter was nothing more than a fox contract player before being assigned to play frank james to wagner's jesse in "the true story of jesse james". borrowed from the studio the previous year this actor's one distinguishing mark was his excellent and revealing performance in john ford's classic "the searchers". but his playing here, along with wagner as the second half of the james brothers, is nothing short of boring. neither player bring any personality or colour to their respective roles. they totally miss the mark, lacking the charisma and appeal so vividly displayed by power and fonda in the original. the movie is also marred by too many flashbacks and with the all over the place screenplay wagner, as the robin hood of the american west, comes across as a charmless introverted twit that you can feel no empathy for whatsoever. the supporting cast are hardly worth mentioning but it is a shame to see such a great actress as agnes moorhead barely getting a look in as ma james.the best aspects of this uninvolving so-so western is the wonderful cinemascope/colour cinematography by the great joe mcdonald and the excellent music score by the underrated and little known composer leigh harline!

it's difficult to put into words the almost seething hatred i have of this film. but i'll try:every other word was an expletive, the sex scenes were uncomfortable, drugs were rampant and stereotyping was beyond the norm, if not offensive to italian-americans.i'm not saying the acting was terrible, because leguizamo, sorvino, brody, espisito et. al, performed well. but...almost every character in the film i despised. not since the bonfire of the vanities have i disliked every character on screen.

ned kelly (ledger), the infamous australian outlaw and legend. sort of like robin hood, with a mix of billy the kid, australians love the legend of how he stood up against the english aristocratic oppression, and united the lower classes to change australia forever. the fact that the lower classes of the time were around 70% immigrant criminals seems to be casually skimmed around by this film. indeed, quite a few so called `facts' in this film are, on reflection, a tad dubious.i suppose the suspicions should have been aroused when, in the opening credits, it was claimed that this film is based upon the book, `our sunshine'. if ever a romanticized version of truth could be seen in a name for a book, there it was. this wasn't going to be a historical epic, but just an adaptation of one of many dubious legends of ned kelly, albeit a harsh and sporadically brutal version.unfortunately, ned kelly is nothing more than an overblown hallmark channel `real life historical drama' wannabe! the story plods along at an alarming rate (alarming because never has a film plodded so slowly!) the feeling of numbness after the two hours of pure drivel brought back memories of costner's awful wyatt earp all those years ago. simply put, nothing happens in the film, but it takes a long time getting to that nothing. this would possibly have been a tad more bearable if the performances were good (because the direction sure as heck wasn't). however, unless you are looking to play a game of spot the worst oirish accent, then you're gonna be disappointed. between that, the game of `who has the stupidest beard?', `spot the obvious backstabber!' (clue, they are all ginger for some reason), and `nature in australia.including lions', it is an experience similar to flicking through hallmark, the history channel, discovery channel, and neighbours whilst suffering a huge hangover. yup, nature pops up a lot, as to fill even more time (possibly an attempt to look arty), the film keeps showing pointless wildlife shots, and once all the native species are shown, here's a circus to allow for a camel and a lion (which is used during one fight to try to make us actually feel more sorry for the lion than the massacred people).this is a turgid, emotionless piece of historical fluff which should have gone straight to tv. there isn't even one good word i can say about this film. even the usually fantastic rush seems embarrassed to be here. when one of the characters comments that there is only 2 bullets left for him and his pal, i myself was wishing i had a gun to blow any memory of this film out of my head!

don't let the premise fool you--this was one funny movie. the problem--it wasn't supposed to be a comedy. the story sets you up nicely for an ending that never comes. even worse, the set-up is never explained. you will leave the theater asking "is that it?" i rate it a 2 simply because there were a few brief moments of promise, but the finish leaves you completely flat. nicholas cage did as good a job as can be expected in the role, but he had very little to work with. there are odd quirks, and interesting turns everywhere, which had absolutely nothing to do with the movie. let this one come out on video before wasting your money.

everyone else who has commented negatively about this film have done excellent analysis as to why this film is so bloody awful. i wasn't going to comment, but the film just bugs me so much, and the writer/director in particular. so i must toss in my hat to join the naysayers.i saw the original "wicker man" and really loved the cornucopia of music, sensuality, paganism in a modern world, and the clash of theological beliefs. this said, i am not part of the crowd that thinks remakes of great movies shouldn't be done. for example, i liked the original 1950's "invasion of the body snatchers", but equally enjoyed the 1978 remake. both films can stand on their own. another example is "the thing". the original, as campy as it looks compared to today's standards, has a lot to be proud of in the 1982 remake with kurt russell (my all time favorite horror movie). so that small minority of people who like "the wicker man" re-make can not accuse me of dissing this piece of crap just because it's a re-make.this film solidified for me neil labute's sexism and misogynistic tendencies. it also made me wonder how executives, wanting to make a serious thriller, would green light a product that is so anti-female. there are too many scenes of cage hitting women just because he's frustrated with them thwarting his investigation of a missing girl. would he react like this off the island in other cases where suspects aren't forthcoming? the original created a society in which men and women are equal participants in a goddess based religion. the threat to the main character came from everyone, male and female. there was no sexual hierarchy.the metaphor of bees, drones etc was a bit heavy handed and convenient ("the drone must die!"), especially when cage's character has bee allergies. i kept wondering why the men on the island didn't fight back and use mere physicality to stop these women from treating them like grunts. these were not women with special supernatural powers, and half of them seemed to be pregnant, the other half old and fat, and the rest girls and thin blonde waifs, so if the men really wanted to escape they could do what most men do when they hate women. physically dominate them. there didn't seem to be any guns or weapons beyond cutting tools to hold them if they were unhappy. but if they were content being drones, why make them unable to speak? they could be used as a threat to cage because they will defend the community. they are drones because neil labute seems to believe that a society ran by women would leave men castrated. (that movie was made already. "the stepford wives" anyone?) classic symptoms from men who are afraid of what may happen if women got their sh*t together and were truly equal citizens.the problem with the man-hating female society is that it makes uninteresting movie viewing and creates unintentional humor when cage starts knocking women out. i belief labute should've left the society an egalitarian one, kept the sexuality and uninhibited lasciviousness, and pushed buttons of discomfort in regards to the children on that island. no one likes pedophiles or children to be sexually exploited. so how would a cop react if he saw lewd acts performed by adults with children around? there would be a logical mental leap that these children are abused, thus, an urgency created to save the missing child and get help for all the children. labute has said he created the fiancé and daughter story thread to give cage's character an incentive to search. i don't think you need that. any child abused will make an adult react to save them. the irony of course would be that the child cage "saves" ultimately brings him death.the dialogue was contrived and campy. the whole third act was hilarious. the audience i saw it with guffawed (and later booed at the end). i just thought the movie started off wrong when the letter arrived written in the fancy handwriting and all the flashbacks cutting into to show how wounded cage is. we don't need that. just show him arriving on the island for an investigation of a missing child. most of us in america have seen "law & order" and other cop procedurals. we come into the movie as if we are cage's partner solving a mystery.so much potential...wasted. neil labute, stick to talking head pictures for people who enjoy your male angst-ridden plays and flicks of that sort. stay with your own company of men. leave the thrillers for people who understand thrillers. here is your jar of honey. i'll watch that.

this film was terrible. ok, my favourite film is 'the wicker man' (1973), so i was always bound to be a little biased. the plot rambles along, throwing out enough of the key elements of the original to make the term 'remake' highly dubious. (he's not a virgin, but is allergic to bees. wow!) so many things happen that make no sense and are unexplained, which i'm afraid mr labute does not a horror movie make. (how are two people we clearly saw blown up in a car at the start alive and well at the end of the film?) cage looks haggard and bewildered throughout, and his character is prone to calling out "rowan!?" at the slightest noise. the 'nods' to the original are irritating as they come off as tacky rather than as intelligent homage. for example, certain incidents mirror the original (the girl falling out of a cupboard pretending to be dead when woodward/cage is searching the island) and several lines of dialogue are plucked straight from anthony schaffers original screenplay and shoehorned in.i'm sure others will provide a better and more detailed analysis than this, i really can't be bothered to write any more about this film. it lacks any kind of substance. throw it on the scrap heap with all the other remakes that have sullied the good names of the films they were 'based' on (in this case very loosely).

what ever you do do not waste your time on this pointless. movie. a remake that did not need to be retold. everyone coming out of the theater had the same comments. worst movie i ever saw. save your time and money!!!nicgolas cage was biking down hills, swimming in murky water and rolling down hills while being attacked by bees but yet his suit was still perfectly pressed and shirt crisp white until the very last scene.although a good cast with ellen bernstein and cage the acting was just as unbelievable as the movie itself. it is amazing how good actors can do such bad movies. don't they get a copy of the script first. if you still have any interest at all in seeing the movie at the very least wait for it to come out on dvd.

you don't expect much from a prc picture, and with rare exceptions--mainly from edgar g. ulmer and a few by joseph h. lewis or lew landers--that's exactly what you get: not much. this "epic" about nazis in africa trying to incite an arab revolt against the british isn't much different. the script, by longtime prc hacks arthur st. claire and sherman lowe, is trite, laughable, full of unfunny "wisecracks" and plot holes the size of outer mongolia. the direction, by longtime prc no-budget specialist al herman, is semi-comatose at best. the performances, though--except for spectacularly incompetent and irritatingly hammy lead walter woolf king--aren't really half bad. veteran comedian parkyakarkus is actually the best thing about the film. he plays a guy from brooklyn masquerading as a razor-blade salesman and brightens up the screen considerably when he shows up. he's got great comic timing, charm to spare and seems to be having a heck of a good time. duncan renaldo is fairly convincing as an arab sheik--despite his spanish accent--and veteran bad guy george j. lewis as renaldo's arab rival does his usual fine job of villainy, even if he goes a bit over the top sometimes. joan woodbury is quite pretty and has a nice light touch, and she and renaldo have great chemistry together, although--like the rest of the cast--she has none at all with king. h.b. warner, whose career stretched back to the silent era, lends a shred of dignity to the low-rent proceedings, even though he blows his lines several times and, prc being prc, they weren't cut out. there's a great deal of stock footage spliced in from a big-budget silent movie with a similar arab theme--although i have no idea which one it is--and, prc being prc, no effort was made to try to make it inconspicuous: i've seldom seen stock footage that was so blatantly obvious."a yank in libya" isn't very good, of course--well, ok, it stinks--but it would be worth a look just to see parkyakarkus in his prime. i had heard of him and knew that he was the father of actor/director albert brooks and super dave osborne, but had never actually seen him in anything before. it was worth watching this tenth-rate prc "extravaganza" just to see him in action. otherwise, forget it.

woman (miriam hopkins as virginia) chases man (joel mccrea as kenneth) for father (charles winninger as b.j.). woman wants to get man to invest some of deceased mother's money in father's business venture; but, father is notorious for losing money on hair-brained schemes. little does anyone know, but real evil schemers are posing as man's best friends in order to steal his fortune...the production looks engaging, but the story fails to engage. the players don't play drunk well. notable as broderick crawford's first appearance - as gopher "hunk"; other than running errands, mr. crawford gets pinned to the floor by mr. mccrea. *** woman chases man (4/28/37) john g. blystone ~ miriam hopkins, joel mccrea, charles winninger, broderick crawford

it felt like i watched this movie thousand times before.it was absolutely predictable.every time the story tried to get a bit twisted,every time i awaited something interesting to happen, i saw nothing but what i expected. like "the bread factory opened up another facility,because there was not enough bread". in two words:flat story,that has become a cliché,bad acting,bad special effects...only the dumb russian cop,vlad, was a bit funny while punishing around the bad guys.the pile of muscles was so incredibly stupid,that it made me laugh at him for a moment. i wonder why i waste my time spitting on that shame-of-a-movie... it won't get worse (because it is not possible) :d

this movie is a vehicle for schwarzenegger-clone alexander nevsky. his charisma however is insufficient to lift this movie above the level of its poor script. he has little to add to his arnie-act.michael york is quite pathetic as the begging diplomat. watching him revisit his d'artagnan-act from the time that he was a better actor made me feel uneasy. come on, you can do better than that!the story is full of holes and unexplained relations; top of this bill is the informer of vlad, who sounds like an american woman, but from the context appears to be working for a russian government-department.although the story takes place well after the end of the communist-regime, all the russian characters are still very communist-like. in contradiction to that, vlad is allowed to drive a pimped up all utility vehicle as police-car. the action scenes are poorly shot and therefore lack dynamics.not a must see movie...

but it does have some good action and a plot that is somewhat interesting. nevsky acts like a body builder and he isn't all that attractive, in fact, imo, he is ugly. ( his acting skills lack everything! ) sascha is played very well by joanna pacula, but she needed more lines than she was given, her character needed to be developed. there are way too many men in this story, there is zero romance, too much action, and way too dumb of an ending. it is very violent. i did however love the scenery, this movie takes you all over the world, and that is a bonus. i also liked how it had some stuff about the mafia in it, not too much or too little, but enough that it got my attention. the actors needed to be more handsome...the biggest problem i had was that nevsky was just too normal, not sexy enough. i think for most guys, sascha will be hot enough, but for us ladies that are fans of action, nevsky just doesn't cut it. overall, this movie was fine, i didn't love it nor did i hate it, just found it to be another normal action flick.

a retired diplomat, played nicely by michael york, goes to russia to get revenge on the russian gangster that murdered the diplomat's policeman son. there the diplomat meets an exceptionally strong and decent russian cop who helps him bring the russian gangster to justice.i remembered the old action flicks of the 1980s that always portray the russians as evil bad guys out to undermine the righteous u.s. government. it's interesting to see this time the russian guy as a hero.not a great flick, it's really typically a "b" action flick. michael york lends some class to this mediocre movie. alexander nevsky, who plays the russian cop is kind of "blah" but surprisingly has some chemistry with michael york. face it, michael york is such a good actor that he'd have chemistry with anyone he's doing a scene with. disappointingly, the handsome adrian paul gets killed within the first 15 minutes into the movie. now, if adrian paul was in this movie longer, it would've been an above average "b" action flick. all i can say about adrian paul is that he is real nice to look at for the first 15 minutes of the movie. the villain, played by richard tyson, is your typical bad guy. he's very blonde and very villainous in this movie.rent this flick if there is nothing else on tv to watch. it's okay. it doesn't suck too bad. the action scenes are decent. the acting could be better, the plot could've moved much faster, but hey, you get to see what russia looks like today!

i love watching early colour films - you mean those 40s clothes weren't all grey? margaret rutherford dominates this movie. her "eccentric" garb is actually rather attractive and yes, she has an amazing hourglass figure. but i feel she was given her head rather too much. she probably developed this characterisation over many performances, and nobody told her "if it gets a laugh, leave it out." she does too much deranged fooling about when she's supposed to be surprisingly down to earth. the madame arcati joke is that mediums were usually portrayed as wispy females in long drapery. arcati behaves like a retired headmistress (we'll really put our backs into it!). the contrast between her breezy, commonplace manner and her wacky beliefs isn't really brought out.just because all the actors are english (apart from cummings), the americans feel they have to use the words "brit", "stiff", "lip" and "upper". oh, give it a rest! the three main characters lose their tempers constantly and make risqué remarks (did he make love to you? yes, but very discreetly - he was in the cavalry!).

summer holiday is the forgotten musical version of eugene o'neill's ah wilderness and deservedly so with the broadway musical adaptation of take me along. with the exception of the stanley steamer song, none of the other harry warren-ralph blane songs are worth remembering and even that one is questionable. it was right after the release of this film that mgm let mickey rooney go and i don't think it was a coincidence. the film was made in 1946 and released in 1948, so mickey was 26 playing an andy hardy like teenager. he was just way too old for the part of the 17 year old who was affecting radical ideas in a spirit of youthful rebellion.rooney made four films for mgm from 1946 to 1948, this one, killer mccoy a remake of robert taylor's a crowd roars, love laughs at andy hardy and words and music. in all of them rooney was playing an adult part. even in the andy hardy film, mickey played an adult andy hardy returned from world war ii. why he was in this louis b. mayer only knows. rooney's bad casting makes summer holiday all the worse because in the original ah wilderness the emphasis is on the father's character played here by walter huston. and in the broadway show take me along which won a tony award for jackie gleason, the great one played the inebriated brother-in-law uncle sid here played by frank morgan and that's the central character.gloria dehaven steps in for judy garland as rooney's sweet and adorable girl friend and marilyn maxwell plays the show girl who gives rooney an adult education. in the original play o'neill has her as a prostitute, but this was the hollywood of the code so all marilyn does is get young rooney soused.a lot of really talented people had a hand in this one and they do their best, but summer holiday fades rather quickly into a chilly autumn.

you just got to love opening sequences like the one in "seven women for satan" … during the intro there's a naked girl running through the woods, chased by a hunting dog and a malignant looking dude on a horse, until she falls off a cliff and splits her head open on a rock. then the camera zooms out on the face of the guy and we notice how he's simply sitting behind a desk whilst his secretary waiting for him to sign some papers. "oh i'm sorry, i was lost in my thoughts…" he then says! sweet, i have stumbled upon yet another completely bonkers movie. even if you only understand a minimum of french and have a look at the original title, you immediately know that "seven women for satan" hasn't got anything to do with satan or ritual sacrifices, but simply revolves on the flamboyant escapades of a perverted and mentally unstable count during his weekend in the countryside. this is, in fact, another sleazy variation on the classic milestone "the most dangerous game" about a lunatic's disturbing hobby of hunting people – preferably hot naked chicks - in the forest for sports. well actually, this is more than just a variation on the 1932 classic, as writer/director/actor michel lemoine had the pretension to directly link his protagonist to leslie banks' legendary villain in "the most dangerous game". count zaroff supposedly is the original count zaroff's son but he exchanged his private island for the remote french countryside. he also can't afford to be unemployed anymore, so he's an office clerk from monday to friday and a maniacal killer during the weekend. zaroff is a genuine weirdo who hallucinates about dancing with deceased woman but actually runs his car over the live ones. his butler once pledged to prevent the zaroffs from killing, but he's obviously doing a lousy job. there isn't any depth in the screenplay and the build-up certainly doesn't pay attention to suspense or sinister atmosphere. really, the only useful thing to do during this film is count the girls that are lured for zaroff's deceptive trap and hope they'll reach seven rapidly. half of the film is pointless and tedious padding footage, like the overlong erotic dance act in which a statue inexplicably transforms into a muscular black guy (???), and the other half exists of psychedelic sleaze that eventually grows tiresome as well even though all the girls look ravishing. i have the impression that it was michel lemoine's intention to imitate his pal jean rollin and make a deliriously kinky sex-thriller. "seven women for satan" is a french production, so inevitably it also stars jess franco regular howard vernon ("the awful dr. orloff", "zombie lake"). lemoine himself surely has the looks of a crazy killer, but not the talent to depict one.

i saw this at the premiere in melbourneit is shallow, two-dimensional, unaffecting and, hard to believe given the subject matter, boring. the actors are passable, but they didn't have much to work with given the very plodding and unimpressive script. for those who might have worried that ned kelly would be over-intellectualised, you can take comfort in the fact that this telling of the story is utterly without any literary depth at all, told entirely on the surface and full of central casting standards. however, it doesn't work as a popcorn film either. its pacing is too off-kilter and its craft is too lacking to satisfy even on the level of a mundane actioner.i very much doubt gregor jordan could sit back and say to himself "this is the best i could have done with the material".ned kelly is a fascinating figure, and equally so is the national response to him. possibly folk genius, possibly class warrior, possibly psychopath and probably all these things, he has dominated australian true mythology for over 120 years. once again, his story has failed miserably on the big screen.such is life.

i saw this film opening weekend in australia, anticipating with an excellent cast of ledger, edgerton, bloom, watts and rush that the definitive story of ned kelly would unfold before me. unfortunately, despite an outstanding performance by heath ledger in the lead role, the plot was paper thin....which doesn't inspire me to read "our sunshine". there were some other plus points, the support acting from edgerton in particular, assured direction from jordan (confirming his talent on show in buffalo soldiers as well), and production design that gave a real feel of harshness to the australian bush, much as the irish immigrants of the early 19th century must have seen it. but i can't help feeling that another opportunity has been missed to tell the real story of an australian folk hero (or was he?)....in what i suspect is a concession to hollywood and selling the picture in the us. oh well, at least jordan and the producers didn't agree to lose the beards just to please universal...guess i will just have to content myself with peter carey's excellent "secret history of the kelly gang". 4/10

....this mini does not get better with age. i saw this and it's sequel when originally broadcast, and like so many others was blown away. in early 2002 i borrowed the novels for both wow and w and r and was even more impressed. i then decided that i had to see both again and invested $200 plus on the dvd sets. i watched both minis again in painful detail and realized i had done things backwards - i should have purchased the novels and borrowed the dvd's.don't believe it is abysmally miscast? read the novels and see for yourself. don't think this is dated? screen it for somebody not old enough to have seen it originally broadcast and watch the reaction you get (warning - reactions from such people range from looks of horror to belly laughs).according to the trivia section for this mini - dan curtis himself chose ali macgraw and robert mitchum. yikes!! production quality, music scoring, dialog - a great story was turned into a late 70's soap opera by an overly ambitious producer/director who was in way over his head. this thing was dated the minute it was completed.these two minis were great when original broadcast and to those of us who saw them then, tug at a nostalgic string that reminds us of younger days. imo - this mini does not nearly live up to its reputation and severely disappoints.

a wonderful television mini-series completely ruined by a 45-year old woman trying desperately to pass herself off as a 16-year old ingenue! no exaggeration - that's the actual age of the character played by ali macgraw when the film opens just prior to the surprise attack at pearl harbor. this tv mini-series really is the most classic example of the title of this post and one i refer to whenever the topic comes up.that alone makes this completely unwatchable, despite the fact it's one of the best filmed wwii 'global' dramas tv has ever produced. if you have the stomach - or a decent fast-forward ability - you might be able to enjoy the late robert mitchum in a very strong performance. i'm stunned at some of the comments referring to the love story (pun intended). did they watch the film with their eyes closed? or are they aging boomers who never cease to amaze me with their "selective memories" and "selective vision". i'm a boomer myself so don't think for a second i'm some hubristic young punk. 45 will always look 45. get used to it. deal with it. age gracefully damnit.the winds of war could have been... so good. how much more would we be talking about this mini-series today, some 25 years later, had an actual ingenue been cast in such an important & critical role? right now, with the constant haggard old biddy distraction, that alone cancels out most of the wonderful aspects of the winds of war.

despite much style, flash, and glitter, this french musical fails to speak. the tunes are repetitive, predictable, and tedious. the story is uninteresting, as are the many characters. people break into song and dance, without motivation or reason. most of the cast wears phony looking wigs and hairpieces, and the sets look hopelessly studio bound.to be honest, this video of the restored version was stopped before the end, so negative an effect it had on me. certainly a shame, to have such a multi-talented cast in so feeble a final effort. goes to show, i guess, where followups (in this case, to the great classic, "umbrellas") often do go awry. one cannot recapture, only recreate.

the comparison is perhaps unfair, but inevitable. those attracted to the intimacy and depth of umbrellas will be slightly horrified to discover a cut-and-paste musical in the american style - awkward, stilted dialogue with inexplicable song-and-dance numbers. gene kelly's french accent was apparently so poor, that a dreadful job of dubbing was substituted (as you'll remember, the dubbing was almost perfectly pulled off in umbrellas). the translation of the french (for subtitled versions), as well, leaves something to be desired, although this can't be attributed to demy. the film also has several self-aware moments that come off a wee disconcerting, such as references in songs to legrand himself. and the costumes - well, the tight pants/white boots combination, and the freakishly unnatural colors, reminds one of an austin powers film . . .but demy does reward the viewer with allusions to umbrellas; note, for instance, the suitcase carried by maxence in his departure from rochefort - this is the same suitcase carried by guy in his departure from cherbourg. also, note the "convenient brunette of resolution" - madeleine in umbrellas, and josette in young girls.generally speaking, those expecting the natural feel of umbrellas (save the floating bicycle scene), or looking for similar deeper questions and ambiguous endings as in umbrella's script, should probably pass this one b y. those looking for a french version of a thin '60s american musical will be quite happy.

before writing this review, i went back and reread the reviews of others. this movie was a particular disappointment to me, since it features two of my favorite dancers, gene kelly and george chakiris, boasts a score by the often wonderous michel legrand ("wuthering heights," "ice station zebra," "the thomas crowne affair"). the dancing was stilted, unmotivated and unoriginal, the songs forgettable, the story a joke. even the costuming was not particularly flattering. only the photography correctly captured the proper mood and spirit. i'm glad other people enjoyed "the young girls of rochefort," though i most certainly did not.

what a disgrace! i was checking this out hoping it would be an undiscovered james garner gem and what a stinker it turned out to be! the production quality was fine, but the plot was undeniably lame and i can honestly say that i am only a couple hours older and a lot dumber now. the movie really had no redeeming qualities and if this kind of stuff keeps coming out, it will give hallmark a bad name. for those of you who insist on knowing what it was about, it's about nothing, and in this case, it's not a good thing. we are subjected to watching one old ornery woman who is one of the dumbest creatures ever to roam the earth, who happens to be married to a real sweetheart who is probably the only person alive that could put up with her. she drags him through one mess after another, gets him into one embarrassing situation after another, and is proud of herself the whole time. then the movie ends. what a relief that was! not worth the time it would take to watch it, so do yourself a favor and skip this one, you'll be glad you did if you knew how bad this one really is.

this film is the worst film i have ever seen. the story line is weak - i couldn't even follow it. the acting is high-schoolish. the sound track is irritating. the attempts at humor are not. the editing is horrible. the credits are even slow - i would be embarrassed to have my name associated with this waste of film. don't waste your time even thinking about this attempt at acting.

the funny sound that you may hear when you eyeball this execrable version of jules verne's classic "journey to the center of the earth" is verne spinning in his grave. the only thing about this 80 minute opus that has anything to do with "journey to the center of the earth" is the title. otherwise, everything else in this lackluster production is new and not worth watching. in fact, the director has written here at imdb.com that he directed only eight minutes of "journey to the center of the earth" and the studio tacked on part of "dollman" helmer albert pyun's sequel to his own "alien from l.a." with kathy ireland. evidently, the producers ran out of money and to satisfy overseas contractual obligations, they grafted pyun's sequel onto director rusty lemorande's movie. please, don't rent or buy this wretched piece of garbage.unlike director henry levin's period piece "journey to the center of the earth" (1959) with james mason and pat boone, lemorande's "journey to the center of the earth" takes place in contemporary times in hawaii. two fellows, a british nanny, and a dog are brought together for the adventure of a lifetime purely by coincidence. richard (paul carafotes of "blind date") and his comic book obsessed brother bryan (ilan mitchell-smith of "weird science") are going out to explore a cave. the heroine, crystina (nicola cowper of "underworld"), works for a domestic service called 'nannies r us.' being a nanny has been crystina's life-long dream, but she has made a less of all five of her nanny jobs. nevertheless, her sympathetic supervisor, ms. ferry (lynda marshall of "africa express"), sends her to hawaii. crystina's new client, rock star billy foul (jeremy crutchley of "doomsday") who is scheduling one last concert to revive his flagging career, has a dog named bernard. foul wants crystina to take bernard to a doggie day spa. crystina is waiting on the arrival of her taxi when a careless motel attendant accidentally puts the basket that conceals bernard in richard's jeep. you see, foul has hidden his canine in a basket because motel management strictly prohibits pets on their premises. foul has disguised the dog as a human baby. anyway, crystina catches a cab and tells the driver follow richard.after she catches up with them to get her dog, the cabbie cruises away and abandons her. crystina demands that richard drive her back to town, but he has other plans. unhappily, crystina joins the guys and they get lost, and then find themselves in the lost city of atlantis, a police state ruled by a dictator, at the center of the earth. the rulers of atlantis repeatedly notify their citizens that life on the surface does not exist. our heroes and heroine stumble onto atlantis quite by accident. atlantis resembles a disco and everybody looks like they are straight out of a punk rock opera. the ruler of atlantis, general rykov (janet du plessis of "operation hit squad"), is orchestrating a raid on the surface with clones of the first human, wanda saknussemm (kathy ireland of "necessary roughness"), to visit atlantis. predictably, general rykov machinations to rule atlantis and overthrow the earth fails, and our heroes and heroine save the day."journey to the center of the earth" is an abomination. the movie seems to be a comedy despite its superficial satire about dictatorships. albert pyun is one of my favorite low budget action directors, but he blew it on this lightweight shambles of a science fiction saga.

journey to the center of the earth is the story of some tourists of hawaii, three of them siblings, and one of them a young british nanny babysitting a dog. when the siblings accidentally drive off in their jeep with the basket of dog biscuits, the nanny follows them (it might've just been safer to purchase more) all the way to the cave the siblings intended to explore (i guess). for some reason, they actually go in the cave and then, when the place starts caving in, they try to get out to no avail, except for the six-year-old sister who they tell to go get help. meanwhile, the more they move around in the cave, the more they continue to plummet further and further towards the earths cavernous core. and behold, it is here where they find the city of atlantis and its bizarre alien habitants who are living under the oppressive rule of one alien that doesn't want them asking to many questions about the worlds external to their own.i see that rusty lemorande, the named director of the film has provided comments on this film, in which he explains that part of latter half of this film is actually the sequel to alien in l.a. well, whatever it was, it was an amazingly cheap movie that i would rank only slightly higher than city limits (a 1988 sci-fi film also made on a non-existent budget) because at the least ending of this dreadful piece of mostly incoherent film-making that cuts corners where it can aims for some humor and amusement in the last 20 minutes when we finally see what life is like in the alien world at the center of the earth. i also give it a two star rating rather than one because it was at times, funny, even if only in its subtleties. for example, the aliens asks the british girl if she's an alien and she explains that the ministry should be sending her work visa shortly. or when the alien girl finds bryan and explains that he is in the city of altantis and he mistakes this for atlantic city, new jersey. little things like that make the idiocy of the first hour or so tolerable. imagine how great the film could've been though if they had 1) actually intended to make it, and 2) actually had money to make it.i do like how in the end, no one wonders what happened to the little sister who was sent away in the beginning to get help. she'd just be wandering around the hawaiian caves and not too far from the erupting volcano, mind you.

who in the world told harrison ford that this was a good role for him???and josh hartnett...how does a 19 year old who can't fire a gun become a cop? over used cliches plus zero character development and about 15 pointless music industry cameos equal a surprisingly bad film!!!

the movie was "ok". not bad, not good, just ok. if there was anything else in the theater this would be skipped by far. sadly, fast and furious 2 also stunk, but i'd rather see this than ff2. :) if you have a fetish for harrison ford or that other young punk, this will be a "cute" movie for you. personally, i'd wait for hbo or blockbuster.

remember when harrison ford was the biggest star in hollywood because he made great movies? those days are feeling like a more and more distant memory.while "hollywood homicide" is by no means terrible, it is a routine and surprisingly boring buddy cop movie. it's a comedy that's not particularly funny, and an action movie that's not especially exciting. an overabundance of subplots cannot mask the weakest of the central storyline.ford at least appears to be enjoying himself more than is his last few projects, and he is able to carry the film most of the time. hartnett is adequate, but he and ford aren't exactly newman and redford as far as chemistry is concerned.all in all, "hollywood homicide" is a reasonably amusing diversion, but just barely. take out ford, and it's not even that.

this film actually manages to be mindless enjoyment for 2/3 of the journey. sadly, the film ends up being too 'confused.' while i know some of the plot contrivances are standard of 'buddy cop' films i got drawn in to the characters who foil each other brilliantly but in the end the film relies too much on chase sequences as a crutch and i lost interest.the filmmakers did a great job of getting the characters alone and doing their own thing and we got to see who they are and identified with both cops early on. we formed our own opinion instead of being force fed a view of them through constant bickering.in the end there is too much going on and it detracts greatly from what could've been an enjoyable piece of escapism. here's what's concerning joe gavilan (harrison ford) at the end of the film:1. his real estate deals 2. his affair with a radio psychic 3. he's being investigated by internal affairs 4. the homicide investigationif you add in casey's concerns you fond out he wants to be an actor and avenge his father's death. now some of these things do come together and even come together well but all the plot elements come together amidst this bogus chase that is so long and pathetic that i hardly have time to break my ennui and give a crap about what just happen. the impressive screenwriting acrobatics cannot overcome the bad filmmaking.as if a ridiculous chase sequence wasn't bad enough, one which has four separate sections and could last close to half an hour, wasn't bad enough, joe gavilan fields calls about his real estate deal while chasing the perpetrator with a gun. all these extra-curricular plot lines and jokes make it absolutely meaningless to me whether or not the criminal gets caught. we already forgot or no longer care about the murder plot at this point because multiple plot-lines and eye candy of the chases have numbed us beyond all comprehension.while i could go on about the chases and how they ruin a decent story, i won't. this could've been a very enjoyable formula film but it got much too big for its britches and it turned into a redundant waste of time. harrison ford and josh hartnett actually did rather well and a small appearance by gladys knight is worth noting. sadly none of the actors can help this hopelessly misguided film from being forgettable.while this will probably be better than the likes of "the hulk" and "lara croft ii" that still doesn't make this film good. i once heard that harrison ford claimed to only make films that eh thought would make money, i'm not sure if that's true or not. what is true is that to get great box office you don't need a great movie or a great actor, this film has neither in its lead roles. my advice to harrison ford would be: to stick to indiana jones because at least you can still run.

josh hartnett's dead eyes, the thick writing of it, and harrison ford being in a buddy-cop comedy ! here's 3 reasons to hate it, avoid it, and to utilize 116 minutes of your life better.the buddy-cop movies are fun. however their real golden age was back in the 1980s and the 1990s. making one that tries to mix action and comedy through the police of hollywood itself is sure a good idea but the final result of that turned out to be not at least a spoof of the subgenre but a reason to ask god to have mercy upon all the past movies of the same kind whereas the worst of them was by all means greater than (hollywood homicide).what really did happen to this entertaining formula ?! since a whole decade the things hadn't been the same. you'd have a buddy-action stubborn flop after another. i'll delight you with some titles to catch on the disaster well : (i spy - 2002), (national security - 2003), (taxi - 2004), (starsky & hutch - 2004), and the worst of them all yet (miami vice - 2006) ! i believe one of the reasons is the natural case of saturation after many similar cinematic flicks and tv shows during 2 decades already. add to that, particularly here, the negligent dealing and the dull humor. actually the matter this time is totally unbearable. yes, we've got the characters of 2 loyal cops who have second jobs, and the background of sinful city, but what else was new ?! it's not about cliché; it's about few renewals mixed with clichés where both have been badly made.the acting, especially from (hartnett)'s side, is terrible. this guy is anything but a comedian (or actor !). so his character was wanting to revenge for his father's death ! revenge on yourself man, he probably died out of watching your acting !!. even the small roles got people that have nothing to do with comedy (or that's what they seemed here anyhow !).the directing fails in presenting something that comic or that harsh, some parts managed to be highly dull (arresting the black guy through the lack ??) ; it's a rare time to be boring in what supposed to be action/comedy ! they didn't utilize hollywood itself whether as an ironic place where there is ugly face behind the superficial charm, or even as a place which's full of shining or fallen stars (cameos that could've given it few interesting moments).it's a very easy movie that relayed on being watchable by only its stars' glamour, and as being a buddy-cop movie to end up as one of the worst cases of 2 stars with non-chemistry on the screen (one of them has no chemistry with the screen itself ! guess who ?!), and a buddy-cop destroyer more than movie ! god, don't make me, or my children, live enough to witness (hollywood homicide – part 2) ! at last, look at harrison ford's performance, he wanted to have a good time, but at least we didn't.

lame movie. completely uninteresting. no chemistry at all between indiana jones and the guy from black hawk down. the car chase scene just goes on and on and on ad nauseum. they manage to switch vehicles a few times, but always end up right on the tail of the baddies. the scene where hartnett grabs the family's car with the crying kids in the back was just as stupid as could be. he is telling them about eastern philosophy and how it is all right to die, which i imagine the writers thought was funny or even witty. it just came off as moronic, totally unbelievable and even cruel.some subplots weren't even explored, they were just used as filler. why does hartnett get sick seeing dead bodies yet keeps ordering burgers at crime scenes? why, and on what grounds, is the bad ia guy suddenly arrested out of the blue by the chief? why can ia pick up the buddy cops and then just let them answer their phones or pretend to be indian mystics and then just let them waltz out of there without so much as a slap on the wrist? for some reason, even though ford is uncovered as a cheat and a fraud when acting as a realtor, (he makes up the prices when he is trying to sell the producer's house to jack up his own commission), they keep coming back to him anyway! they knew he lied to both of them! yet there they were, coming to terms that both said they would never go for. stupid, just stupid. this is also one of those cop movies where they just fire wantonly on public streets with no care in the world for innocent bystanders. there they were, just standing on the sidewalk blasting away while people ducked for cover. amazing that they didn't hit a single person after having fired about 60 rounds each....the scriptwriting was terrible, the action sequences were boring, the plot just a sidestory to a very pathetic attempt to have us root for ford and hartnett. it fails miserably. and ford's phone! turn the damn thing off! how many times could it ring in a 2-hour movie? 50? 60? it was frustratingly aggravating by the midpoint in the movie! every 30 seconds, that stupid tune would play! and if it wasn't ford's, then hartnett's was ringing! it was incredibly annoying!complete waste of time, ford's worst movie since 6 days 7 nights, which was without a doubt, the lowest point of his distinguished career.

the annoying mouse and lullaby really got to me and really had nothing to do with the story...it's something i would have done my 1st year in film school. very sad. additionally, the story just seemed to drag on for no apparent reason...there were too many things just thrown in there that had nothing to do with the story, which makes me feel that the creative team didn't really know what they were doing, or just that it should have been shorter...which would have been a blessing, not a crime. as i have just watched all of the episodes up to this point over the past week...i'd have to say that this was by far the worst, and i just wanted to warn others not to start with this one.

caught this by accident on a t.v. showing - and could hardly believe how utterly awful the whole experience was. by comparison, the original "a man called horse" was spell-binding because it held one's interest throughout. but this piece of nonsense - words fail me. it was bad enough to have some kind of a "story" presented with all the impact of a wet loaf of bread, but that error was compounded by the obvious lack of subtitles throughout whenever the so-called "sioux" spoke. for goodness sake, couldn't the film-makers have found enough north american indians who were also actors and near-actors to perform as "indians" in this farrago instead of the imposters they actually used? i also found it quite embarrassing watching richard harris cavorting all around the countryside at the obvious behest of the director standing just behind camera, telling him to run and jump from pointless point a to pointless point b just to make up film footage and minutes. absolutely terrible in all respects!

this is a weak sequel: it lacks the interest and light touch of the magnificent "man called horse" in nearly every aspect and when compared to each other they hardly seem to be the same genre.the return is almost a parody of the first and tries to evoke different indian ceremonies but comes across as trying way too hard to bottle the magic of the first. in this film the tribe is lost and abandoned, having lost their homelands, modern life has encroached on paradise and they are living in abject misery and poverty. perhaps this is the point: the first film took us to a place where we would want to be, a simpler time. this takes us to broken indians in a miserable world and the white man is the hero and savior which rather negates the whole idea of the film.the beauty of the first lay in the fact that the white man learnt and discovered that real civilization lies in values rather than western materialism. in the second film this is all but lacking and so we end up with a weak film.a huge disappointment.

no one goes to a movie like the hills have eyes 2 and expects the second coming of citizen kane. the same is true for the majority of low-rent horror flicks, especially those roger ebert has dubbed "dead teenager movies." the hills have eyes 2 definitely qualifies as a dead teenager movie, only here, the teenagers have been given the superficial appearance of military trainees.some will argue the line "it's only a movie" when questionable facts are raised in a movie review, but i've always been a firm believer that all good fantasy must be rooted in reality in order to be effective. in the hills have eyes 2, we're to believe the main characters are military people on a training exercise, but they look and talk like high school kids camping in the desert. the dialog is awful and frequently vulgar to excess. though the films aren't nearly comparable, i kept imagining these "soldiers" being in platoon, and shuddering with dread.very little about the characters evokes a soldier other than rifles and fatigues: radio transmissions are carried out like teenage phone conversations; a colonel is addresses as "hey, asshole" by a private. and nobody seems to have the slightest idea what to do, or any sense of command structure, when things begin to go wrong. i think of the soldiers in james cameron's aliens, a film of pure fantasy, and how even those futuristic marines behaved like real soldiers despite their fantastic situations. fantasy rooted in reality.i try to begin watching a movie as a 5 on a scale of 10, and judge it's strengths and weaknesses from there. you have to allow concessions for the material; there's no way star wars is as good of a movie as the godfather, on equal terms. but both are excellent examples of their type.in that respect, while the hills have eyes 2 is a pretty dreadful exercise in amateur and immature writing, it's only modestly worse in that regard than the typical dead teenager movie. on a technical side, the movie appears to have decent production values and is pretty well made from that perspective. scenes that are intended to shock, or which are intended to evoke urgency or suspense generally work. so, while watching the hills have eyes 2 may indeed be a fate worse than death, there are certainly far worse horror flicks in circulation.it's worth a watch for those who enjoy this type of stuff without the usual fanboy baggage, or those who don't tend towards thinking every movie they see is either the best ever or the worst ever of all time. if you don't "get" horror, especially the dead teenager variety, you're not likely to have a good time with this one.4/10

thhe remake was a superior movie remake in every way. most remakes end up being total garbage but under the very talented direction of alexandre aja became one of the best ever made in terms of remakes and also as far as the mutant inbreed human sub-genre of horror is concerned. in steps part 2 directed by another individual martin weisz and written by the father and son combo of jonathan and wes "i cannot make a good horror movie to save my life anymore" craven and if this is any indication of weisz directing skills and young craven's writing skills we are all in for a painful future as thhe 2 not only fails to be as good as the first but also fails to entertain on any level.we start off with a fairly graphic mutant baby birth which though is rather cool will not prepare you for the utter garbage that is to come, only hint to what could have been in this film. we then get to see a crew of scientists who all to briefly are introduced and dispatched by our radiated rejects. in steps our main cast of army reservist to save the day, this is where the major problems begin.from very sub par acting (yes even for this kind of movie) to the horrible characters to the lack of true carnage for most of its running time thhe 2 becomes a labor to watch as a lot of nothing happens as idiotic soldiers make mistake after mistake only to meet there demise not by the mutants but themselves. think the marines in aliens only the exact opposite and you have the idea of how well these soldiers are trained. this is the true shame of the film as most of the hills occupants do not get the kills you would like to see, like in the first film, in fact if this did not have thhe 2 attachment in the beginning and the brief overview in the beginning tying this loosely to the first this could have nearly been a sci-fi channel original.the mutant mountainbillies as well are not as amusing this time around in fact in a lot of way they are far inferior to our prior batch as they all come off as being rather under designed and uninteresting. also the one that took the cake was the sloth-like mutant (you know sloth from the goonies) who helps them out in the 3rd act. i was waiting for him to ask for a baby ruth or start going on about rocky road ice cream. truly disappointing and shameful is the only way to describe most of the goings on here.the gore is in the film but not nearly as visceral as the original in fact it seemed toned down for the most part as other than the mutant baby birth scene there really isn't anything that stood out like in the first. another major strike against this movie. so what did work here, the answer is nothing at all. this felt like a sequel designed specifically to make money off the success of the first and not to make an actually "good" film.i can go on about the crappy drill sgt., the radio man that has a speech impediment (that's right, he is the kind of guy i want radioing in for help in a real crisis) or the pacifist fighter that resembles the exact same character mold as our "hero" in the first film but i believe you get the point. this movie is not even in the same league or even the same planet as the first. it should have been given another title and been added to the saturday night line up on the sci-fi channel. a true shame as a solid sequel could have been made but alas it looks like another horror movie that drops the ball on nearly every level and will get one of my lowest scores as i give thhe 2 the same score as its part: 2/10 dreadful: words cannot describe how bad this movie is a total polar opposite of its predecessor in every way, uninspired and down-right unnecessary. next time guys if your going to make a sequel this bad...don't even bother. please don't go support this garbage at the theaters, save your money and thank me later!!!!

you know, i went to see "the hills have eyes 2" wanting to like it. i really enjoyed the original, and the remake was fairly entertaining. they obviously had more money to throw around than wes craven did on special effects the second time around. even though i still prefer the original film, the remake was done well, and it was kind of a guilty pleasure for me. bloody, intense, and great special effects. in short, a great popcorn movie for any horror fan.which brings us to "the hills have eyes 2". man, where do i start? the plot, or lack of one, is paper thin. we are not exactly breaking new ground here.the military has decided to monitor the area, and all of these people turn up missing. so what do we do now? let's send in the national guard to investigate. in true hollywood fashion we need to make them the dumbest, and worst soldiers ever seen. gee, i've never seen that premise before. to make a long story short, you have the mutants killing off the moron soldiers one at a time in graphic fashion. once again the special effects by nicotero are great, but the kills no matter how graphic become boring, and predictable. honestly it seemed to me that this flick was done just to grab a quick buck. it was bloody, and graphic, but i found it predictable, boring, and not scary at all. for me it would have been nice if this film contained one original thought.wes craven and his son shared the writing duties, and he has been involved with many of my favorite horror films, but sadly this isn't one of them.

where to begin? how about with the erroneous synopsis: "x-men origins: wolverine tells the story of wolverine's epically violent and romantic past, his complex relationship with victor creed, and the ominous weapon x program."his epically violent past turns out to exceptionally non-violent.his relationship with creed is so glossed over it's difficult to understand how they have any connection at all. we are thrown from one point in the opening scene that shows them as children on the run, to a montage of war scenes that they have fought in throughout their long lifespan, and finally to the present where they are a part of a hardcore government team of assassins.there is nothing by way of showing their relationship as brothers at all. nothing complex is laid down for us to believe is authentic or even loving. the romantic element of the movie between silverfox and wolverine was forced and abrupt. we are thrown into a romance so fast that it's over before you can blink an eye. having just introduced the character, silverfox is killed off roughly fifteen minutes later. we are left wondering why we should care about this. who was she anyway?for a pivotal element of this weak revenge driven story, the romance is surprisingly unexplored. it was rushed in simply because it was required.oddly enough, when wolverine finds that his love is dead he leaves her in the woods to rot as he goes off to find sabertooth. being the romantic that he is this was out of character for him yet necessary to serve the plot in pulling off a very predictable surprise.as for the weapon x program, lets just say that after the painfully crippling procedure wolverine is up and running. eventually he arrives at the home of a conveniently old yet overwhelmingly loving couple. surprisingly ma and pa kent aren't alarmed when finding a naked sweaty man in their barn. is it any wonder what fate awaits them?in the previous films and the comic books, the main reason that wolverines' amnesia plagued him partly hinged on the fact that he was said to have been viciously evil and coldblooded.knowing this was the case...did he really want to remember such horrors or keep them hidden and continue his current more positive lifestyle of fighting against the villains of the world alongside his team mates?as hinted to in x2: x-men united when stryker gives up some of his secrets it is said that wolverine would be disturbed if he had known of the evil works they committed together. this film sets up the team fairly well only they don't really do much of anything. no disturbing violence, no ruthless actions, they merely harass a few natives in foreign lands for the ten or fifteen minutes they are on screen. it seems that wolverine wasn't an evil man under stryker at all. instead he was constantly trying to put a leash on his brother sabertooth which consequently was the violent agent we all thought wolverine was. eventually he just leaves all together.no conflict of duality here at all.idiotically removing that character conflict of good and evil dulled the story immensely. they may as well have given him rubber claws.there were a ton of other errors in this film that contradicted the x-men trilogy, including the introduction of one of the lamest deus ex machinas to ever hit a script.magic memory-erasing bullets. really?apparently they are the only thing to bring down wolverine. yet this was apparently forgotten when agent after agent was sent to bring him down with bullets and bombs that would surely not work on him at all.another problem with this film is that it tried to focus on wolverine while throwing in a ton of other mutants which did little to nothing at all. interesting characters were mere window dressing and did nothing for the story. most were in the film for 5-10 minutes max and yet you find yourself wishing we saw more of them and less of wolverine.fred dukes (the blob but not the comic version) can punch a launched tank missile with little to no physical damage to him at all, but a simple headbutt from wolverines metal noggin is enough to daze him?cyclops optic beams (which instead of being concussive force are now more akin to lasers) can burn through buildings but when fired at sabertooth directly it simply smashes him into the ground without even damaging his clothes. adamantium trench coats anyone?the (gravity defying) mutant gambit, instead of utilizing his signature cards, is made into some sort of crazy acrobat. in one poorly edited scene he is knocked unconscious by wolverine...then amazingly enough a few minutes later he is on a rooftop running towards wolverine. how he regained consciousness, ran away a few blocks, climbed up a building, then ran back to wolverine and sabertooth in the middle of a scratching match is a mystery yet to be explained.some have excused this films weakness by claiming it was made from a comic and therefore should be weak on character and heavy on flash. the idea that this movie being a comic film is flimsy and superficial because of that fact is incorrect.the comic book source material, the real origin of wolverine...is a story worth bringing to the screen. it doesn't sugar coat his past nor treat the reader like mindless cgi junkies. it is a well crafted story and although retold and readjusted over time, began with weapon x by barry windsor-smith. a much more intense and exciting story.this fox film should seriously be forgotten. anyone have that magic gun?4/10

"cement" is a bad movie about a bad cop (penn) with a bad attitude and a bad disposition who has a bad guy in a bad way up to his cajones in fast drying concrete. while we're waiting for the cement to dry and the film to figure out what it's about, we're periodically jerked back in time without rhyme or reason so we can watch events leading up to the cement thing. a boring junk flick overall, "cement" suffers from lack of a story, a clumsy execution, and that most ubiquitous of filmdom's faults; no reason to care. a time killer for the needy couch potato at best. (d+)

guy de maupassant was a novelist who wrote a novel about a man, a poor man, without any moral qualities. he only wanted to success in a society where all the people, the politic men, the businessmen, the journalists, the women are corrupt. the only king is money. the maupassant hero, charles forestier is going higher and higher in the society scale thanks to his seduction poser. he is in love with all the women who could help him in his action to climb the society stapes. at the end of the novel, he married himself with the biggest daily paper owner's daughter, in the greatest church of paris : "la madeleine". "le tout paris" is there. he has a fortune and more, he will become a member of parliament and later a minister. the "useless" women are out of his view, but he is always keeping in touch with the pretty and the usefull women. the picture "the private affairs of bel ami" is a story of morality. it is everything, but not a story in the maupassant idea. why had they put "bel ami" in its title ?

as the 2000's came to a close, king kong's adopted daughter went ahead and made a tearful announcement her show as coming to an end.while miss winfrey was tearing up, i was laughing and screaming like a wild indian from the old west.so what does oprah do? she takes famous people, and puts them on her show. what kind of famous people? people who've suffered (just like her, except these people have lost more than their virginity) they've suffered melted faces (true story), missing limbs (true story, see end of paragraph), and spousal abuse (too many to count). and somehow they come on the show and tell their story, as if we haven't heard it before tons and tons of times (bethany hamilton, i've heard your tale about losing an arm to a shark since day one, which was october 31st, 2003. don't tell me you have no hard feelings.) but the biggest thing probably on oprah was michael jackson's interview in 1993, after being accused of being a child molester. sadly, mr. jackson has since passed away. but that one particular show told about michael's personal life, something not many people knew about at the time.oprah's real influence comes from middle aged women and soccer moms. they seem to think she's like a personal jesus sometimes. but all i see in oprah is some big ghetto lady who made it big, and she's just showing off how rich she is.i'm glad her shows going to end soon. we need better television programs.

really. does any week go by that oprah doesn't remind us that she was abused as child?she makes herself the focus of every interview.oprah cannot resist commenting on the answer to every question she asks. she often interrupts guests before an answer is finished to interject her own aside or anecdote. directors are obviously instructed to focus on her closeup reaction rather than guest's faces because that's what counts - what oprah feels, what oprah says.oprah, oprah, oprah. it's always all about oprah.oprah says - feel sorry for me, i was so poor. feel the pain of my battle with my weight. feel my hurt when i'm turned away from a fancy store after they've already closed. feel good for buying my magazines and books. feel good for my success. feel good when you give to my charity to make me look good. feel good for making me rich beyond belief.my interpretation of her point of view: you viewers are all deeply flawed and you need my daily advice. i have all the answers for your life though i have nothing in common with you plebes. i have never been married nor do i want to be. i have never had to raise a family - but i know all about it. i have little respect for men or marriage. i clearly prefer people like me over others - witness "legends ball 2006". gayle is my best friend but we are not gay.as of 7/31/2006, the heading on her website actually reads : "oprah.com is your leading source for information about love, life, self, relationships, food, home, spirit and health." how presumptive and obnoxious is that ? in june 2006, she crashed two private wedding receptions in oklahoma to gather footage for her september 2006 shows. she keeps promising to quit tv but her yapfest drags on with no end in sight.contrary to what she thinks, oprah is neither a queen nor a goddess nor on a personal mission from god. she's just one very lucky, overweight, black woman who copied phil donahue's style and called it her own. she happened to be in the right place at the right time and knew exactly how to suck up to the right demographic. oprah is the p.t. barnum of this age and it amazes me that people cannot see through her facade. so ladies and gentlemen, boys and girls and you too oprah if you can fit that inflated ego through the door - this way now to the great egress ...

when you see boris karloff and bela lugosi as co-stars, you expect to find a well done horror movie, but this was actually quite different, representing as it did what i would describe as an early effort at science fiction. karloff and lugosi both play scientists (rukh and benet respectively) - competitors to an extent, until rukh wins benet over with a demonstration that proves his great theory. the science here was - to say the least - a bit rough around the edges (thus science fiction, with the emphasis on the fiction) but somehow rukh harnesses some sort of ray from andromeda that allows him to look at the earth "several thousand million years ago." in that pre historic time, a huge meteorite slammed into africa, leaving deposits of a substance the scientists call "radium x" - which can heal and destroy. a large portion of the movie is set rather tediously in africa, on a search for the meteorite deposits, which rukh eventually finds and harnesses to create a great weapon, unfortunately infecting himself with some sort of disease that makes him a great weapon as well.karloff and lugosi were both pretty good here. lugosi pulls off a role in which he's the good guy pretty well, although i frankly found him a bit unconvincing - especially during the scenes set in africa. the story also plodded along a bit, and while it held my attention it didn't captivate me. given that this is really a sci-fi rather than a horror flick, and that sci-fi was in its very early stages, i suppose the movie needs to be cut a bit of slack. it was ok - nothing more, but also nothing less than that. 4/10

a somewhat dull made for tv movie which premiered on the tbs cable station. antonio and janine run around chasing a killer computer virus and...that's about it. for trivia buffs this will be noted as debuting the same weekend that the real life 'melissa' virus also made it's debut in e-mail inboxes across the world.

i've just lost 2 hours of my life watching this mindless plot. i could make a better movie with my cellphone camera. how do they manage to get actors to play in those movies?? porn movies have better scenarios and effects... i wish i had those 2 hours back...the only good thing about this movie is the cast. even though, their acting skills in this one could not lift this movie to passable, the rest was just way too bad! it's the type of movie that i'd recommend using to torture prisoners into scaring them straight.even worse, i saw a translated version of this flick...imagine, a bad movie...with an even worst translation...yikes!

ok, the movie is good but i give it a 1 because the idea of a computer virus becoming an organic virus is pure fairy tale. this kind of crap just adds to those uncomputer savvy moron's paranoid delusions that a computer virus is exactly like an organic virus. first of all, strings of code and dozens of 1s and 0s add up to computer virus. an organic virus is much more complex, even though it's way tinier. though, it's considered one of the simplest forms in the universe, organic virus's attach burrow into your cells and attach themselves to the rna, then change your own rna code. explain to me how something like that could be processed from a monitor? maybe the radiation has some effect on the user's cornea that turns your eyeballs into these viruses? i could see that, but obviously, the writer didn't think of that.

in some ways, the concept behind the storyline was a rather interesting blend of several typical movie types in an interesting combination. however, no point in this movie was so obvious that it did not deserve lingering close-up shots. i felt as though i had been beat over the head with the so-called mysterious explanation for the disease killing people.the writer appears to have simply lifted clichés from other movies as a substitute for writing lines adapted to actual characters. the actors did not help matters. no chemistry. i guess they were supposed to develop some kind of attraction if only for the reason that such is an essential element of these stories. however, the writers didn't work very hard to develop the chemistry. sure, they're both attractive, but whether they're attractive to each other seemed to be an open question.the confidence turner's character shows in sabato's developed far too quickly and for no particular reason. sabato's character is supposed to be a discredited doctor who just can't seem to play by the rules. think of the jeff goldblum character in "independence day." usually, that kind of character is supposed to demonstrate some kind of talent or brilliance. sabato's character does not. he's cassandra with just the crazy and all the prophetic skills of a magic eight ball. he appears to be right by random chance.the death scenes are comical. every actor was really trying more than a little to hard to demonstrate the agony inflicted on them. the symptoms looked like bad claymation, sort of like that video from the 80s, peter gabriel, i think.

gwoemul (the host) - due to pollution in the han river a mutated beast goes on the rampage. the youngest member of the park family is snatched by the beast, and it is up to the rest of her family to find her, before she becomes the beast's latest meal.firstly, i love monster movies: mutated bears, over-sized alligators, packs of ravening komodo dragons, the whole lot. creature features are my favourite kind of horror film. so, i really wanted to like the host, but it wasn't to be. there were three major problems with it:the first can be seen with a quick look at it's imdb pagegenre: action / comedy / drama / fantasy / horror / sci-fi / thrillertoo many damned genres. it took itself too seriously to be a comedy, and yet was too light hearted to have any real message (though it did seem to be trying to make some kind of statement. anti-pollution, anti-american or anti-government). the drama was misplaced and mixed in a confusing mish-mash with all the other styles.secondly, after the initial monster attack nothing happens for almost the entire film. the central family wander about looking for one of their own while the governments of korea and america, apparently, do nothing. and that's it, they just wander about, occasionally hitting one another, presumably for a bit of comedy relief. this lack of action made my attention wander, and apparently it did the same for the director, as whole plot threads go unresolved (a mystery plague invented by the evil americans is completely forgotten about, and is never resolved).and lastly, the film is clumsily political. it paints the americans as being stupid and evil, but gives us no american characters with any more depth than a cartoon villain. the opening scene has the most obvious stupid american vs wise korean moment. with a korean morgue assistant asking his boss, the coroner, not to pour chemicals into the han river. the american coroner all but cackles maniacally as he orders the assistant to carry on. as well as being racist, it's lazy film-making and there is no excuse for that.on the plus side, the monster is good, kind of a mix of the relic and deep rising. some of the movement effects are quite cool, and the initial monster chase through the park is a lot of fun. there are also some nice shots in the film. some of which remind me, strangely, of the way firefly was filmed (shuddering cameras, out of focus shots etc).there is also a nice scene at the end, where the hero and a little boy he has saved are sitting in the family's mobile food stall. it's night-time and snow is falling, the street-lamp is giving out a cold light, but the food stall has a warm glow coming from it.overall, i was really disappointed by this film. i'd been looking forward to a decent creature flick, and instead i get some pseudo-political,horror-comedy lite. looking at the comments on imdb i can't help but think that if this had been a us production it would have been slated. just 'cause it's a foreign flick doesn't mean it's any good. there have been some great movies out of korea in recent years (the vengeance trilogy and brotherhood, for example), but this certainly isn't one of them. for once i'm in favour of a remake. tighten up the directing, improve the scripting and this could have been a nice film. as it is, it's not worth a couple of hours of anyone's time.

what this movie does well is combine action and horror with comedy and drama in a unique way that teases more emotion form the audience than a typical horror movie. unfortunately with disjointed storytelling, frustrating plot-holes, and contradictory scenes this movie mainly caused me frustration and is hardly "the greatest monster movie ever." let's start with the good stuff: comedy, acting and special effects. from the get-go, this movie starts off fast paced and cheeky. the opening scene - the monster's origin - is campy and quick, paying homage the the classic 'environmental' disasters that have given birth to so many other monsters. the pacing is fast, which was a welcome break from the long and often pointlessly dramatic opening scene from other monster flicks and allows the movie to jump right into the action. with in the course of 10 minutes you get the 'why', 'where,' and 'how' of the beast and are ready for action. in this the movie delivers.after another short and well shot sequence the characters are introduced: the lazy son and his precocious little girl, kind grandfather, and talented sister (aunt) and, of course, the monster. the characters are introduced in context to each other and their conflicts are instantly apparent, allowing the audience to feel for them when the monster shows up suddenly to wreak havoc in the river area where they live and work. the monster it's self looks great: alien yet familiar - kinda like a dog and fish pooped out by a squid. the effects of the creature are second to none and although it looks strange it is believable and at no point in the movie could you 'see it's strings.' even the movement of the monster was horribly familiar, like a growing and excited rottweiler on linoleum the monster barrels through the crowd, slipping on surfaces, crushing and eating those in it's path. when the monster's path intersects with the family and tragedy ensues it truly is a painful moment, and you can feel the need for revenge but from there on out the movie's appeal begins to unravel.following the dynamite beginning the movie quickly loses focus and continuity. plot-lines are introduced, then abandoned, characters change their position for no apparent reason, and comedy is interlaced into dramatic scenes confusing intent, while obstacles appear and disappear seemingly at random. as for the comedy, let me say this: i'm willing to accept that a lot of the humor is probably cultural. i am not familiar with korean humor so maybe things were lost in translation. however, as an asian studies major in college and as someone who has been living in japan for the last 5 years (still here) i'd like to think i have a better grasp on asian humor than the average white-guy. that being said there were many parts of the movie that i understood were supposed to be funny, but, to me, weren't. *********** spoiler************* for example: after the initial attack where the young daughter is lost the family is at the funeral; everyone is mourning. a new character is introduced - a brother - and tension is raised even higher as it becomes obvious that the two brothers are at odds with one another. they both begin to grieve for their loss and wind up competing with each other over who is grieving harder. this competition is, at it's core, funny: two brothers who dislike each-other so much they even compete at a funeral - it shows the prickly nature of familial love common in asian comedy. this subtle slap-stick comedy poking fun at family and ritualized mourning is supposed to be funny but, seemed really out of place in the context of a lost little girl. ************** end spoiler **************then come the plot holes. there are so many points brought up in this movie that are never explained, or, worse, are explained and fretted over only to be proved impotent and pointless in the end. finding out an obstacle isn't an obstacle can be a good thing for a character, but you'd expect some comment to that nature. instead the audience is barraged by moments of anti-climax when problems just 'aren't there' anymore and no one gives an indication that it was ever a problem to start. so i ask you: why even bring it up in the first place? this was prevalent through out the film as problems gave rise to new problems, and suddenly the world of the movie is filled with opposing forces that never resolved each other. of course introducing new and greater problems is a time-tested story telling tradition, but if the introduction of a new arc leads the the forced shortening of another you would expect at least that the new arc gets full explanation. not in this movie. instead it was as if you get several stories, each only explained 20% of the way and, in the end, the parts never converge to complete the whole.again, i'm willing to accept that a lot of this might be 'cultural.' maybe its in korean story- telling tradition to put comedy inside a tragedy. maybe it's normal for stories to go all over like a child who colors outside the lines on every-page, but never finishes one. maybe it's ok to present a problem in order to develop the plot but then remove that problem randomly without any apparent solution or catharsis. or maybe these are all hallmarks of sloppy work and bad storytelling rampant in a movie that seems to have a much better reputation than it deserves.

i really, really didn't expect this type of a film outside of america. how anyone can take the subject of sexually abusing children and turn it into a "thriller" is just sick. auteuil (whom i had previously admired) going around like some sort of child-saving rambo was ignorant and insulting to all the children being sexually exploited around the world.what's doubly depressing is that the stunning and ground-breaking film "happiness" came out the year before this film. menges and his cohorts should be ashamed of themselves. it's admirable to read some of the comments by the more intelligent viewers out there. they were able to see the shoddy and ridiculous handling of this topic. those of you who think this is great cinema display a disgusting amount of ignorance and you need to watch "happiness" to open your minds to the true horrors of pedophilia.do you think your child is more likely to be kidnapped and sold into sexual slavery or be molested by a neighbor, teacher, friend or even a relative? hmm...i wonder. if they are going to make a film about international child slavery of whatever kind they owe it to everyone to make it realistic and emotionally involving instead of this button-pushing crap. 1/10

definitely, definitely the worst film i've ever seen, no questions asked! contradictors of this opinion might argue that this title should not be judged by the same criteria as others, since it's an independent, low-budget film, but c'mon already – the amateurism and meager innovation is horrifying.agreeing with everything that has been said about this film, for example the mind numbingly weak acting (when it's this bad you take another go at shooting the scene, god damn it), the thing i found the most annoying was the total lack of common sense in the script, assuming such a thing existed during the production. there was an obvious absence of a dialogue with respect for the viewers, the girls switched personalities several times and they seemed to show absolutely no sing of any rationality or even brains - five relatively fit girls against one slight female psychopath – gang up on her, why don't you?the only thing that can be regarded as somewhat of a conquest for this title is the camera not leaving the van at any time thus the viewer seeing everything from inside it - which is, as the rest of the film, a good idea executed exponentially dreadfully.…oh and by the way, this movie is nothing like the blair witch project or cloverfield or any other title filmed with a hand-held camera – this is an effect and not a trait! used cleverly it can be breathtaking, but in this case it's an excuse for inadequate cinematography.

watching this movie? l thought to myself, what a lot of garbage. these girls must have rocks for brains for even agreeing to be part of it. waste of time watching it, faint heavens l only hired it. the acting was below standard and story was unbearable. anyone contemplating watching this film, please save your money. the film has no credit at all. l am a real film buff and this is worse than "attack of the green tomatoes".l only hope that this piece of trash didn't cost too much to make. money would have been better spent on the homeless people of the world. l only hope there isn't a sequel in the pipeline.

do not watch this sad excuse for a film. i have wasted time and money on this and am pretty p**sed off about it.the acting is comparable with high school plays. the script is shocking. there is no plot. twenty minutes from the end (which i believe i should be rewarded for reaching) i had a headache from all the screaming, crying and wailing the five girls make.the majority of the violence is (rare for a film nowadays) suggested rather than graphically depicted but i found the characters so damn irritating that i wanted to see them, and indeed every single person involved in the making of this piece of s**t, die in the most horrible ways possible.i spend ten more minutes of my life saving you from a very poor 100 minutes of yours. don't do it.

at the end of "dragon heat," all i could think of was why i bothered sitting through the whole thing.the film's premise is interesting and that - as well as maggie q - is what attracted me to the film in the first place. but was i ever disappointed. writer-director daniel lee can't hold a candle to the likes of john woo, ringo lam and corey yuen.this has to be one of the most annoyingly-directed films i have ever seen. lee is so wrapped up in his visual style - and i use that phrase incredibly loosely - that he fills the film with completely needless black-and-white stills, freeze frames, slow-motion, fast-motion and other visual nonsense. i suppose he did all that to make up for the lack of a good story or dialogue.the action scenes are nothing special and play out like some hopped-up music video more than anything else. there is little to care about any of the characters - including two supposedly professional snipers who couldn't hit the broad side of a barn from the inside! - who are then laden with some of the cheesiest dialogue i have seen in one of these hong kong actioners.the plot is devoid of any twists and turns - from the initial set-up, everything unfolds in predictable fashion - and lee feels the need to keep reminding us of the characters' back stories in case we didn't get it the first several times. this is awfully amateurish writing and film-making and wastes the talents of sammo hung, michael biehn and maggie q. though, to be frank, i am hard-pressed to remember biehn being in any good film that was not directed by james cameron.if you really are in the mood for a great hong kong actioner, you are much better off sticking to some of the staples - john woo's "the killer" (1989) and "hard-boiled" (1992), ringo lam's "city on fire" (1987) - which quentin tarantino stole for "reservoir dogs" (1992) - or his "point blank" (1967) remake, "full contact" (1992). or, even check out yuen's "so close" (2002), a supremely entertaining, yet preposterous, popcorn flick. and there's always the terrific french police actioner, "the nest" (2002).true, most, if not all, are a bit over-the-top, but they were films that remain exciting, thrilling and even suspenseful. they have characters we care about and mind-blowing action sequences."dragon heat," on the other hand, is just terribly mediocre. the trouble is that lee has not made a bad action film, he has made a dull one.

a lot of promise and nothing more. an all-star cast certainly by hk standards, but man oh man is this one a stinker. no story? that's okay, the action will make up for it like most hk action flicks. what? the action is terrible, corny, and sparse? dragon dynasty's releases up to this point are by and large superb and generally regarded as classics in asian cinema. this is a blight. they managed to wrangle a couple of actors from infernal affairs, but they can't bring life to a disjointed script. there are scenes of dialogue where two or three lines are spoken with a cut in between each and no continuity in what the characters are saying. you almost feel like they're each giving a running monologue and just ignoring the other characters. michael biehn is made of wood, really? sammo hung uses a stunt double? no way. yes way. stay away.

ahh this film had so much potential! a good cast of quality b actors, the thighs of jessica simpson and... that is about it!i believe some guy in some unnamed marketing department had an idea. basically, lets do a kind of legally blond film, but do it in new york. that big bright city of chances, power and money and where everyone is a heartless, power/money hungry person. let's add to this jessica simpson, small town bimbo, that brother of owen wilson and for some no apparent reason andy dick (only because of him you should ignore this film).basic story line:boy leaves girl for ny, girl follows, boy cheats, girl stays in ny with cousin, gets a job under false pretenses, mucks up, is courted by other boy (brother wilson) and together save the day and kiss.a few words come to mind when reflecting upon this film, i.e. dire, awful, unbearable, intolerable and xenophobicjust don't watch this film, you will be happier. one reviewer referred to guantanamo and i definitely agree with him. this film induces shock. and i know what you are thinking... at least at some point will i see simpson naked or close too. it's not gonna happen, spare yourself the time and youtube her. you will have better sexy time!the films editing is flimsy, the acting is unbearable, and why do they use blue screens?in conclusion; this is cinematic treason which should be punished to the maximumanother question why does willie nelson always play a kind of father figure in almost every jessica simpson flick and why are there no black, latin, asian or european people in this movie?

(first of all, excuse my bad english) of course only a movie starring jessica simpson can include serious goofs like this.. i'm a norwegian and i felt offended and shocked the makers of this movie did not take the time to do their research upon making this american/"norwegian" movie. even wikipedia is more accurate when it comes to facts about this country.so i'm posting my corrections out of my frustration: -the country is named norway, not norwegia. -"da" is russian, not norwegian. -norwegian priests never use those black capes with that white paper by the neck as the protestant church is the dominant by far -it's true we have a native traditional folk-outfit (that we only use like twice a year) but the outfit in this movie is more like a german outfit. -i could not understand the so called "norwegian" in this movie.. jessica was not making any sense.. neighter did the "norwegian priests"the only thing i recognise is the norwegian flag (and the viking hats, but that's so stereotypic what people think about norway - vikings!:o gosh)well.. i guess the people who made this film will never read this comment. but at least i cleared some things up and got rid of some of that frustration..!i'm proud of my country and i'd love if people in the us were less stereotypic and more accurate when they talk about this country.that was all.. lenge leve norge ! ;p

i knew this movie wasn't going to be amazing, but i thought i would give it a chance. i am a fan of luke wilson so i thought it had potential. unfortunately, a lot of the movie's dialog was very fake sounding and cheesy. i think that aquafresh gave some money towards the production of the film because they were seriously dropping some hints throughout. there is a shot where the aquafresh sign sticks out at you that you can't help but notice it. maybe they should have focused on writing and acting more than how many times can we drop aquafresh products in the movie without people getting annoyed. the movie had its moments, but i'm glad i didn't spend $9.50 to see it in the theater.

this might be unbelievable, but this movie has grossed $878,138 in russia! it's shown in almost all cinema theaters and still running! well, i have no idea why distributors put their eye on this particular uh "movie", which had almost no screening around the world. that's some kind of enigma! haha! maybe it was based on the fact that another movie, "pledge this" with paris hilton, which was as well released only dvd almost everywhere, had major screenings in russia and grossed more than 1mln$. besides, both movies had a lot of promotion, like there were the banners all over the city, tv commercials and etc. speaking about movie, i'd say it's dull and absolutely boring. it could be better, really. even if it has jessica simpson.

the story goes something like this: a small-town girl, katie (jessica simpson), decides to visit her boyfriend in the big city. when she arrives she discovers he isn't quite as faithful as he should be. katie then ends up venturing into the adventure that is new york. filling in as bike messenger comedic and charming mishaps ensues. she falls into a hole in the ground and thus meets charismatic good-guy ben (luke wilson). it's not love at first sight, at least for her, but destiny and ben, won't give up quite that easy. being "just" a small-town girl and blonde a couple of evil executives at a building firm decides she's the perfect scapegoat for their cunning plan. misunderstandings with hilarious and sad consequences follow. however, this is one blonde who won't take it lying down!people being judgmental of this film will soon enough be proved wrong. the jokes are confident and fitting, and the story well developed. the relationship between katie and ben feels so natural that it puts anything godard has created to shame. the multi-talented jessica simpson once again surprises with a strong role only she could pull off. simpson really is the marilyn monroe of our day (there's even one scene honoring her!). she balances perfectly between vulnerable and whimsy. katie really does show us that you can't judge a book by its cover! luke wilson is as charming as ever. even if he was covered in manure that man would be as appealing as anyone. his light touch, puppy dog eyes and laid back manner makes it difficult to resist. andy dick plays the role he was born to play, one of the two diabolical executives. he really cannot be underestimated. the strength of the performance lies in his restraint. it's remarkable, because most actors would just run away with it and play it for cheap laughs. not this guy! in conclusion, director scott marshall has crafted an intelligent and frequently hilarious comedy that is destined to become a classic alongside masterpieces of cinema like epic movie and norbit. kudos to everyone involved in this, especially jessica simpson. her sincere smile and whole-hearted laughter would make even the toughest man break out in a big grin. you may be tough, but you're not that tough! warmly recommended to everyone who wants to be swept off their feet and see a romantic comedy that for once, feels honest. thank you for this film! oh, and the soundtrack rocks! now if you still haven't gotten it. i'm being sarcastic. 1/10

this movie had all the elements to be a smart, sparkling comedy, but for some reason it took the dumbass route. perhaps it didn't really know who its audience was: but it's hardly a man's movie given the cast and plot, yet is too slapstick and dumb-blonde to appeal fully to women.if you have seen legally blonde and its sequel, then this is like the bewilderingly awful sequel. great actors such as luke wilson should expect better material. jessica simpson could also have managed so much more. rachael leigh cook and penelope anne miller languish in supporting roles that are silly rather than amusing.many things in this movie were paint-by-numbers, the various uber-cliché montages, the last minute "misunderstanding", even the kids' party chaos. this just suggests lazy scriptwriting.it should be possible to find this movie enjoyable if you don't take it seriously, but it's such a glaring could-do-better than you'll likely feel frustrated and increasingly disappointed as the scenes roll past.

watching this i mainly noticed the ad placements. dhl, aquawhite strips, rockstar and more. it's one product placement after another. it's quite obvious how this movie got its funding. jessica simpson's "acting" is laughable. any dick shouldn't ever get work because he plays the same lame character. the "story" is just a backdrop for this very long commercial. i can't believe this movie was even considered for theatrical release. the longer you watch this movie the more you're embarrassed for everyone involved. the only minor saving grace is larry miller and rachael lee cook, who gets almost no screen time as jessica's cousin. i'm embarrassed i watched the whole thing. i would recommend avoiding this one.

this was a silly movie with a predictable storyline and dreadful acting!! willy nelson was as stiff as his braids. the movie just seemed like a very long advert for the bright red lipstick that jessica simpson wore - especially as there were so many close-ups on her face. the premise was not amusing and as i said - soooooooo predictable. whatever money was spent on making this movie was a shameful waste. any allusions to other old marilyn monroe movies did not enhance the viewing of blonde ambition at all. it was also so unbelievable - jessica simpson being able to step into an executive secretary position at the drop of a hat - that was laughable!!!

by now you should already know about this film, the jessica simpson "bomb" that pretty much went straight to video (limited, anemic theatrical run). basically, ms. simpson's katie travels from a small town in oklahoma to visit her boyfriend, to surprise him, only to find him in bed with another woman. she is stranded, but has one friend (rachel leigh cook, whom i wish we saw more often in film), who lets her stay. katie ends up getting a job via two conniving co-workers (penelope ann miller and the always amusing andy dick) who are just using katie to get the president of the firm (larry miller) ousted. this is strictly a b movie, its not meant to be profound. jessica simpson is not a great actress by any means, but she is pretty much beautiful and never truly annoying. the film is watchable in that its not an abomination, but its throwaway fluff. in a cameo, penny marshall is funny (a subtle in-joke about milwaukee made me chuckle), and there is a funny scene involving norwegian priests (don't read too much into this). so, not horrible, but easy to skip. your safe bet is to watch it on television if it ever does. again, not good, but not a profound disaster.

this is an embarrassment to everyone and everything used in making this joke. i personally don't care one way or another about jessica simpson and her talent or whatever so many people find fascinating about her. just as a movie this is something that wouldn't even get a passing grade in film school. the script is a mess, the acting is atrocious, and the fact luke wilson (co-writer of "bottle rocket") did this makes me wonder what the hell he was thinking. he did "old school" for crying out loud! this doesn't even belong in the same state as my "old school" dvd! please for whatever reason do not watch this! i see there is a comment that this is so bad it's good, but that frankly is too kind. when will we stop seeing singers that obviously can't act keep trying to, i hope ends soon. the worst part is that there are actually some decent actors (penelope ann miller, rachel leigh cook, & luke wilson) who are part of this dump. as far as the plot, well it is almost non-existent and so poorly done and written (yes i know it's another rehash) i very much doubt anyone will remember anything about this. please whatever you do don't waste your time, but if you do, feel sorry for the actual actors involved for wasting their time doing this bomb. jessica simpson you're pretty, but stick to singing, although i'm not much a fan of that either. and whoever did this film, i wouldn't put this on your resume. 1/10 because you can't give a zero.

who wrote this? some guy named john cohen. i guess this was the first screenplay he's ever worked on. someone should've told him you're supposed to write dialog that sounds like something someone actually might say.and who directed this? scott marshal? son of gerry marshall. my the nut has fallen far from the tree. someone might have wanted to let him know that you can, in fact, shoot a scene in a cab in new york, and it will look real, and you won't have to fake it with a blue screen for no reason. might have also wanted to let him know he should stay away from jessica simpson, but hopefully he's learned that lesson now.and jessica simpson... naturally she can't act. hell, she makes jessica alba look like audry hepburn, and yet she's starring in this movie. oh wait, it was produced by her father. okay, that's why she got the part. that's really the only reason i can think of.so should i be surprised it's bad? no. should i be amazed at how bad it is? i think a lot of people would if they saw as much of it as i did. i mean you expect a movie starring jessica simpson to be bad, but this... it's not just bad, it's the complete opposite of a classic film. think of a great woody allen movie, this film is as bad as that film is good. it's the anti-annie hall.i am so glad i didn't pay to see it, i stopped watching ten minutes in cus i couldn't go on. no doubt i would've walked out of the theater sooner. in fact i wonder how many of the 6 people who saw it per theater actually stayed and watched the whole thing. the film starts out laughably bad, and then goes to the point of being so bad it becomes a kind of chinese water torture. and then, around when the first act is ending, you realize it'll only get worse, and that's when you either need to leave, or kill yourself.in conclusion, this film goes under the category of being so bad it should be used in place of water boarding at guantanamo bay. although some prefer the water boarding.

this is probably one of the worst movies i have ever seen. jessica simpson not only lacks any acting skill, but the script is incredibly shallow and lame. you actually hear serious dialogue that goes, "i love you more." "no, i love you more." i stopped watching the movie (online) after the first half hour, i couldn't take it anymore. her "southern girl charm" just doesn't work and is really quite annoying; her attempts at slapstick humor fall flat and she delivers lines like she is reading the script right off the page.poor luke wilson. did he not read the script before agreeing to do this, or did he fall for papa joe's (jessica's dad and also the producer of the movie) promise of big profits? hopefully he now knows better than to sign on to another movie like this. luke wilson is actually a good actor - i hate seeing the pained look on his face as he suffers through the bad dialogue.also, i think the previous commenter giving this movie an 8 out of 10 was probably either involved in the movie somehow or hired by papa joe to give the movie a better rating. no one in their right mind would actually find this movie engaging.jessica has lots of money, right? maybe buy some acting lessons?

-=contains spoiler from both original and movie versions=-i am a huge fan of notre dame de paris musical,i also read book this summer and i watched movie today,in the beginning i was hopeful to watch a good film especially when i saw 6.3 imdb point.first scenes were good but i actually waited for,theaters scene directly from book,but it was normal but when esmeralda kisses gringoire i felt something is wrong..they don't even kiss in book,even in musical..and there were huge gap why esmeralda being judged by sorcerer,in the book she teaches her goat how to respond numbers of clock or write word "phoebus".. wait there were a phoebus weren't there? in this movie he is some soldier junk nothing more,the creators made quasimodo's love to show around and they even canceled frollo's love..but notre dame was frollo. his thoughts his struggles between love of god and love of human in movie we cant find anything like that all we have is,some villain who is really bad and kills people whose clashes with his thoughts..and not mentioning phoebus,not mentioning love of frollo,not mentioning jehan (brother of frollo) not mentioning mother of esmeralda (maybe it is ok,the storyline would have chopped much)they even not mentioned the real story.. (another ps:frollo wasn't a opus dei or some cult member he actually in interest with alchemy he tries to make gold..he was stuck in science and religion)finally don't watch this movie,it is some kind of directors edition to real masterpiece,and if you have watched it before read the book,god have mercy on you..you must read to book immediately..this movie is worse than hunchback of notre dame ii the animated movie,spend your time with watching notre dame de paris musical.. enough said..

this is very much a television version of the tale, the film starts out like an episode of 'xena...', with little meaningful dialog or character description. it does get a bit more substantive after a while, but all characters are still cartoonish. salma is the exotic beauty. richard harris is an evil and sexually repressed frollo, fiending to bust a nut up in salma. the other characters, including quasimodo are quite forgettable. its also a sorta liberal version of the story, frollo is a suppressor of enlightenment ideals, like the abbot in 'name of the rose', and quasimodo is a champion of liberty. the shadowy side of the quas character is ignored, though he does pour liquid led on people. he is really only an outsider in that he looks different and enjoys playing with bells more than the average person. perhaps the film is intended for children, but i doubt it, considering frollo flogs himself bloody to amend wanting to spank his monkey. a mostly uninteresting and forgettable, but not awful, and sometimes entertaining, rendition of the tale.

what a shame that alan clarke has to be associated with this tripe. that doesn't rule it out however; get a group of lads and some stellas together and have a whale of a time running this one again and again and rolling around on the floor in tears of laughter. great wasted night stuff. al hunter homes in on a well publicised theme of the late 80s- that hooligans were well organised and not really interested in the football itself- often with respectable jobs (estate agent???). but how clarke can convince us that any of the two-bit actors straying from other tv productions of low quality (grange hill) or soon to go on to poor quality drama (eastenders) can for a nanosecond make us believe that they are tough football thugs is laughable. are we really to believe that the icf (on whom of course the drama is based) would ever go to another town to fight with just six blokes?the icf would crowd out tube stations and the like with hundreds. andy nicholls' scally needs to be read before even contemplating a story of this nature. the acting is appalling and provides most of the laughs- oldman is so camp it is unbelievable. most of them look as though they should be in a bubble of bath of mr matey. a true inspiration to anyone with a digital video camera who thinks they can make a flick- go for it.

i'm sorry, but this is such a bad movie it's hilarious. football hooligans arguing in a travel lodge? suits? shades?! alan clearly had no idea what he was talking about when he made this, it is as far from the truth as you can get.the casting was atrocious...gary oldman as a football hooligan? he doesn't look scary, act scary or even come across as someone who would like football. and as for yeti? what the hell? suits, shades and sitting in a travelodge childishly taunting each other with "its about time you got your nappy on". please.and the yeti's gang spraying the icc's underwear? i don't see how anyone can even take this film seriously!.4/10. its possibly the most inaccurate portrayal of the crisis of the late eighties hooliganism i have ever seen.

alan rudolph is a so-so director, without that special touch. as an example, there was one shot in the secret lives of dentists in the dental office which could have expressed the entire relationship between the husband and wife. rudolph squandered it. the camera is in the hallway looking through the doorways of the two dental offices, with dana and dave each alone in their respective rooms. you get the idea of their desolation and isolation, but not much more. the lighting, the colors, the body language, the facial expressions could all have been vastly improved upon. if i were directing, i would have spent all day, if necessary, to get that shot right. that's the beauty and power of film: it can express so much, whole lives, in a matter of secondsthe shot with the toddler stepping in the puddle of puke could have been improved on. the child should have shown more fascination with the puddle, should have stomped and shuffled her feet, should have had her head bent down to look at the puddle with all her attention. campbell didn't deliver. he plays a uncommunicative man, true, but instead of conveying his inner turmoil in voice, gesture, body movement, the film relies on voice-over narration and dialogue with his imaginary macho alter-ego, played by denis leary.

an idiotic dentist finds out that his wife has been unfaithful. so, no new story lines here. however, the authors managed to create a stupid, disgusting film. if you enjoy watching kids vomiting, or seeing a dentist imagining that he is pulling all his wife's teeth out in a bloody horror-type, go see (or rent) the film. if not, move on to something else (my fair lady, anyone?)

it's common practice for a film about repression to be somewhat muted in style and tone. there's a difference, however, between using restraint and encouraging narcolepsy among audience members. in "the secret lives of dentists," starring campbell scott and hope davis, director alan rudolph plays as close to the vest as possible, with the result being a film that never amounts to much beyond a rumination on how teeth are a metaphor for married life.scott gives a fine performance in the role of david hurst, a dentist married to another dentist (davis). rudolph sets up the dynamic of their relationship quickly - he is completely absorbed in the day-to-day duties of being the parenthood, she is quietly disillusioned with their frantic family life - and then ratchets up the tension when scott may or may not witness his wife with another man. from this point on, the film focuses on whether or not david is going to confront his wife dana about her possible adultery, or whether she will beat him to the punch and leave for good. from time to time, david is treated to visits from an imaginary "friend" in the form of a former patient played by denis leary (borrowing heavily from brad pitt's tyler durden in "fight club").while there is enough uncertainty about dana's infidelity and david's instability to warrant examination, the last two thirds of the film are embarrassingly empty of theme or narrative. instead, rudolph creates drama out of a nasty fever that travels slowly through the hurst family, culminating in a pointless hospital visit at the film's climax. the film never picks up on the hints at what david is really capable of if he wasn't so dedicated to his family; neither does it spend much time looking at dana's precarious balancing act between her family life and her other, more fulfilling ambitions.by choosing to spend the majority of the film worrying over a fever gone awry, rudolph kills the momentum of his film. by the time the fifth member of the family shows up sweating and sickly, the film has used up all the good graces of scott's well-measured performance. david and dana end up retracing their steps over and over again until a less than cathartic finale. with nothing to build on over the last hour, the conclusion seems awkward and patched-on. "the secret lives of dentists" takes a common theme and does nothing to improve upon it. altogether, a disappointing, unimaginative film.

it was agonizingly bad movie. it will eat your heart out while you watch it. i beg you: don't watch this movie! you will hate you losing 1,5 hours of your lifetime! it's not as some movies that are so bad that you can watch those and enjoy... this movie is boring as... there is nothing as boring as this movie. you will hate yourself after watching this movie till the end. and you will hate yourself that you didn't listen to me.i hate myself. i tortured myself and i did watch this movie to the end. now excuse me, i will shot myself. i have seen all.please. read this very carefully. don't watch this film.please!

i saw this movie for a number of reasons the main being mira sorvino. with her on the cast it couldn't be so bad. and it even seemed like it had some mystery and olivier martinez was her boyfriend at the time and he was pretty good in `unfaithful'. the story is set in spain so it could be an exotic entertaining movie with one of my favorite actresses.if you're thinking about the same thing let me warn you: this is a truly awful, uninteresting, boring movie. the only adjective that comes to mind is pathetic.the story is contrived with sub-plots that add nothing to the narrative. they try to build a slasher/thriller with a look at fascism in spain but fail horribly. the twists have no credibility and the so-called investigation leads nowhere.the characters are paper-thin! i didn't care about anyone. more than that they're irritating and pretty hateful people.the acting is atrocious. mira what is wrong with you? why mira? you're an oscar winner! keep some dignity! her character was weak but that is no excuse for such an awful performance. she seems to be sleepwalking all movie long. come to think of it, i actually think i saw her eyes slowly closing in some scenes. i used to think this woman was sexy. well she isn't here. if you want to look at some skin try romi and michelle because there's nothing to see here. and that accent? my god...olivier martinez is even worst. it's too painful to remember his performance to describe it here. im sorry but i can´t. ive suffered enough with this garbage.this whole movie is depressing! it's so bad in every way it's a wonder how it was even made. a lousy team to produce a lousy script and make some money over the actor's name. don't fall for it.avoid it!

when we were in junior high school, some of us boys would occasionally set off stinkbombs. it was considered funny then. but the producers, directors and cast of "semana santa" ("angel of death" in the dvd section of your local video rental) are adults and they are still setting them off.like the previous reviewer who wondered if the cast were anxious to get off the set and home, i doubt more than one take was done for any of the scenes.mira sorvino, hot in "mighty aphrodite" and other top-rated films, seems to have undersold herself to this project. her acting is non-existent, confined mostly to wistful stares that are supposed to indicate how "sensitive" she is to the plight of the film's various victims.but let me warn you--do not be the next victim! step away from the dvd if you find it on the shelf. tbere are not many good leg shots of mira (the only high points i could find in the film) and the supporting cast is of inferior quality, delivering a mishmash of badly-done dialogue with embarrassing "spanish" accents worthy of the best high school theatrical production.

in this forgettable trifle, the 40-ish norma shearer plays a fluttery, girlish socialite in monte carlo, caught in a tussle between george sanders and robert taylor. it would be tempting to blame this movie's failure on the dull, talky script, or director george cukor, who never seems interested in livening up the film's generally comatose state. mostly, though, it's the fault of shearer herself, who desperately wanted to keep playing "young" parts as long as she could get away with it. inadvertently, this makes "her cardboard lover" a bizarre monument to an aging woman's vanity.

i want to start by stating i am a republican, even though i don't agree with a lot of the things bush has done in office. and i love the daily show and colbert report. they have to be two of my favorite shows on tv. i enjoy the bush jokes on conan, letterman, leno, because i admit that w is not the smartest guy to ever walk the earth(i do believe he's not the dumbest either.) but it comes to a point when enough is enough and it's not really that funny anymore. i see where it can be funny and it is(hey he's making fun of our authority figure he's hilarious.). comedy central though is just trying to hard to poke fun at him. i mean maybe one special episode, but an entire series is just dumb. it seems cc is just saying the same bush jokes that we've heard way to many times. i really cannot see this show going past 1 season.

this show is not clever. that's basically what it boils down to. the "original humor" that these writers try to pull off to avoid completely biting off the rest of the worlds bush bashing is just unfunny. in another comment, someone quotes a couple hilarious lines. the standout for me was george h.w. bush telling the kids they're not supposed to watch any tv besides fox news. wow. i thought the episodes i saw were bad. the fact that this line is a high point for the series is pathetic.my problem with drivel like this sad excuse for political satire is that these folks are getting a second season. i'm a liberal republican and i know bush hasn't been a good president. we all do. but that's no excuse for putting out this utterly poopie waste of time. i place these writers on the same level as the geniuses behind 'meet the spartans'. their formula, bite off as many already unfunny topical jokes as you can and throw in even worse original material to actually be able to give yourself writing credit.again, just plain bad. unfunny, and it just makes me more and more unhappy that crap like this is renewed, but amazing and original shows like arrested development are canned after 3 solid seasons. please don't watch this crap, unless you're one of those green blooded liberal hippies who think any sentence with the words bush and dumb is comedic gold. oh, and the voice of bush sucks. all he does is slightly emulate a texan accent, and exhale really hard at the end of his sentences. at least south park admits the voices aren't accurate. if you want funny political satire, watch daily show/colbert. or look for any political sketches on robot chicken, which is fun to watch, since the stop motion action figure animation is extremely well done. look for the george bush as a jedi bit on youtube. priceless

abysmal with a capital "a". this has got to be one of, if not the, unfunniest show on tv right now. i'm about as anti-bush as it gets, but this show doesn't even get a chuckle out of me. what you think of bush as a president has absolutely nothing to do with whether or not you'll like this piece of crap show. the "jokes" are not funny at all. for example, in a scene when lil bush has his underwear on his head: "welcome to camp al-qa-eeda!". there is nothing funny about that. is it even supposed to be joke? the commercials that were shown in the weeks leading up to the show, hyping it up, were funnier than the show itself, and that's just sad. hopefully this does not even get considered for a second season. it shouldn't even have had a first.

honestly, my expectations for little bush were low. i was expecting a little cartoon series with lots of fun (but rehashed and overdone) bush jokes. apparently i should have lowered my expectations even more.the writing was absolutely pathetic. aside from the cheney-chicken-eating joke, and some giggly-little swipes, it was really boring and unfunny.the animation was about as sophisticated as a thirteen-year old's flash project. it's disgraceful that they used macromedia's product for this, because it's capable of so much more.i don't like bush that much, and i enjoy a bush-joke as much as the next guy, but this was just a half-hour swipe at the president with several painfully un-funny moments. trey parker and matt stone did so much more with that's my bush.do yourself a favor, skip "lil' bush" and go buy a copy of the short-lived comedy "that's my bush". you'll thank me.

i am marking this as a "spoiler" only because of some of my comments of the show's content, not to the content itself.as i read the comments it is apparent that those republicans somehow tolerate the show, but disdain it, while the democrats seems to relish in its so called truthfulness. one reader even (so it seems) actually indicates that he believes these events did or could have happened when bush was in grade school.but as to the content as i see it, trying to be neutral, is that the group that made this series must actually be really bush haters. in the episode that i saw last, s02e03, it showed that the program must have been put together long before mccain became the front runner for the nomination; because, the other former front runners are all featured.another thing that caught my attention, was the use of add in closets. i thought that the series must have been made in europe of for sure not in the u.s.a., because i know of no home the u.s.a. that does not have built in closets, and most likely in the homes of the artists.as i watch the show, yes i do get caught up in it, i am amazed to see what must be a terrific desire of the writers to do what they can to embarrass our president. sure there are problems as most american will agree, but that is no reason to be so hateful in public displays seen around the world. perhaps the trend has now been set by this show and network, so that if obama or hillary got in, would they continue to produce and air the same sort of "humor" about them?just one more comment on a commentator's remarks. if there had been some sort of change in the election back in 2000, according to that writer, he was so sure that there would be a completely different acceptable president. wow, wishful thinking on his part. as far as 911 events, i do believe that it was set in motion back when clinton was president, and i can't see how if gore was president anything would be much different.

when anti-bush jokes get really easy to do, a show like this had better make sure it has something extra. when that something extra is kid versions of political figures making jokes about the future they don't have yet, it's just plain nonsense. dick cheney and george bush are done well but dick cheney mutters mostly. there's also condoleeza rice who has a crush on bush for some reason and donald rumsfeld who isn't really that similar to donald rumsfeld at all. the democratic characters rarely give their names so it's a mystery as to who could be who aside from barack obama and hilary clinton.the episodes have coherent stories but that's not nearly enough to keep this from sinking.

if the only sex you've ever had is with a farm animal, then the tag line for this movie is probably still misleading.this is by far one of the most boring movies i've had the pleasure to try and watch lately. i found the dvd lying around at my friend's house, and i made the sad mistake of not burning it.i am unable to tell any details without spoiling the movie because there are only about 5 details to this movie. just try to imagine someone making a movie about things on c-span only the fictional movie is 10 times less interesting than the most boring debate on c-span.i think there is a conspiracy somewhere in this movie, but i was unable to tell exactly what it was after i gouched my eyeballs out and threw them at richard gere.

arg. the shuffling dinosaurs are back to take another bite out of our sanity in this all-awful third film. this time, european terrorists(irish i'd say) hi-jack an army convoy supposed to be transporting uranium. they pull into a shipyard, open the truck and discover our old friends the carnosaurs. pandemonium comes visiting then when the rubber dinos chomp the terrorists, the cops and some marines. the whole film seems to be (again) largely inspired from alien(as carnosaur 2 was) with the pathetic marines going through the "claustrophobic" shipyard? guns at the ready. this third opus is probably the driest and ungoriest film of the lot, with only one spurt of blood when a rubber dino rips a marine's head off. the dinos are stiff, shuffling creatures as usual and the t-rex sounds like an enraged elephant when it roars(it also appears to have no eyes). one of the goofiest scenes of the film is when the coppers arrive on the scene: they enter the building where the hijacked truck is kept and hear some weird noise coming from another truck. on opening it, surprise! the rubber reptile gang burst out and devour them. why were the dinos locked up in the second truck after escaping from the first? how did they get locked in as the truck door could only be locked from the outside? what was the point of filming this scene???? oh bother, who cares? both thumbs down for the over-sized rubber iguanas.

i haven't seen the first two - only this one which is called primal species in england. i don't think i'll be bothering to look them out though.this is an awful film. terrible acting, bad dialogue, cheap rubber monsters. everything about it is so nasty. the most sympathetic characters die really quickly and leave you with the annoying ones, especially one called polchak, who is an incredible jerk. no-one like that would survive 5 minutes in the army. he lasted for ages but i was pleased when he finally got his head got chewed off - i was having nightmares he was going to survive. the colonel was rubbish too - all moody pouts and clueless shouting. and the specky doctor looked and acted like she was out of a porno. i was waiting for her to take her glasses off, shake her hair and turn into a vamp, but she didn't. pity that, as it would've livened the film up no end.didn't roger corman used to make half decent films once?

ok..... this is the third in the series of carnosaur. lets star with the dinosaur puppets! in the start of the film you cant see the dino's cause when the body count starts you can only see the dino's eye vision, pretty smart to hide the bad puppets! and maybe in 16 minutes forward on the film some special force team with scott valentine as the leader rance, the team walks into the warehouse and then they begins to find body parts and dead body's after the dino rampage, after a while some big box comes failing on the team and you can hear a velociraptor scream, pretty creepy!!! and then a black girl walks forward and now one blooper is found! it pops up a raptor hand and slashed her face but if you pause when the raptor hand comes you can see that its just a guy with a hand puppet!? wtf! the story is simple. 1. some terrorist's attacks some truck cause they though it wash some weapons in there. 2. they where dead wrong it seams to be ten tons raptor and one giant t-rex in there! how did the t-rex fit in there??? 3. rance and some nerds will kill the dinosaurs! sadly some stupid blond girl told him to capture one of them alive=( 4. holy jesues the raptors have wheels on their feats! 5. the dino's is now on a boat in the pacific. 6: strange i didn't know that the t-rex had a strange thing on hes neck??? 7. the end. the film is good if you want a good laugh. 5/10

ok i had higher hopes for this carnosaur movie simply because it seemed like the sequels were getting better as they came out. i did like carnosaur 2 better than 1. i figured well this one is newer so it must be better right? well... i quickly learned i was wrong. i was extremely confused with the casting. they brought back rick dean for another spotlight character and michael macdonald as a police officer. now for rick dean lol, in carnosaur 2 i thought he fit the role pretty well and wasn't really annoyed by him, now in carnosaur 3 wow they placed him as an elite soldier. now we are getting goofy here. the movie actually started out pretty good with a decent gun fight and dinos escaping out of there little freezer trucks, but as soon as scott valentines team showed up we had a mix of a romantic comedy with very funny performances from retarded and floppy dinosaurs.i'll start with the raptors first, they had there tails drag the ground, which in the second one they were up in the air which looked more common for a dinosaur that can run up to 50-60 mph. now when they ran they wiggled back and forth and the heads didn't move at all. there hands were floppy all over the place and since they were extremely poorly shot by the director they looked stupid and out of place.the t-rex was extremely pathetic, they would of been better off using the one from the previous 2 movies. at least that one looked somewhat frightening. the one in this film looked like it was smiling all the time. the legs when it walked was hilarious, like it was john wayne in the old west all stiff legged and stuff. lol another thing i noticed is that the hands did not move, they were stuck next to its body so it looked and sounded (god the sound effects were awful) retarded!!! now if i was the director and realized that i had this to work with maybe i would of maybe tried a little bit harder to hide the fakeness fact. as for the rest of the movie, well this was the sloppiest and loudest military team i have ever seen. the weapons they used wouldn't make sense for the scenario. they even had an arm wrestling scene inside the warehouse where the carnosaurs were roaming, now i was tickled at this scene because i thought that while this stupidity was going on that the dinos would get in there and cause some damage. instead the director wasted about 7 minutes of our time. i would like to look at this movie as the 3 stooges of dinosaur movies. you have retarded military, retarded dinosaurs, retarded scenario and you have a wonderful 83 minutes to spend of your day watching this.now i'm not saying i wouldn't watch this, bc actually i do recommend everyone see this movie that wants 83 minutes of pure entertainment. it may seem like i'm ranting but really i'm hyping this movie up to what it is. its really a lot of fun to watch because while watching this you think to yourself, "did the director really make this seriously?"

antitrust falls right into that category of films that aspire to make some great point while being uplifting yet falls completely flat. i don't hate the film, but it is missing key elements, such as suspense. there have been other attempts to make an engaging film about computers, such as hackers and the net. they all fall short. the improbable ending of both the net and antirust seem to be nearly identical. these movie endings suffer from one huge error in perception: people in the pc business having this over-indulgent self ego that assumes the general population lives it's life waiting to hear the latest news about pc's and software. i have worked for many companies and industries, and they all seem to suffer from an expanded view of their own self-importance, as does this film.the way they introduced plot lines was pathetic. showing milo, who is deathly allergic to sesame seeds, almost ingest one from a restaurant breadbasket crossed the line of stupidity. only his 'girlfriend' prevented him from sure death. this makes one wonder how milo could have survived as long as he did, braving the perils of big mac buns and sesame seed breadsticks, as they cloak themselves as, well.... sesame seed breadsticks and big mac buns.antitrust also doesn't provide much suspense. the patterned and predictable plot twists are easily figured out long before they are revealed (come on, was anyone really stunned when yee jee tso was killed?), thereby destroying any real shock value. and here again we have yet another film/story where at the end, the bad guys are chasing the good guys to 'get the disk'. we need to have a moratorium on this simple simon plot line for about 20 years. still, i pressed on. maybe the ending would be the payoff, but no. the completely ridiculous ending where we have the head of company security, another supposed evil guy, turn around and be the good guy that enables milo to bring down n.u.r.v ceo gary winston was laughable. and of course, the news coverage of the arrest of gary winston is more fevered than when hinckley or oswald was brought into custody. gary winston, played by tim robbins, is a cardboard cutout of the same character robbins played in arlington road. but that fits perfectly here in antitrust, which should be called 'anticlimactic' or 'anti-original'.in the years to come, this film will likely be banished, to be shown only on your local third rate uhf channel.

i sort of accidentally ended up watching this movie. i'm still not sure if i regret it or not. i felt like i was watching the film made by that group of film school students that didn't quite make the cut. it plays up every hollywood cliché imaginable, all the while flogging us with the 'corporations are the ultimate evil' message. subtlety this movie does not know. as far as that goes, it even manages to provide it's own spoilers.the story appears to be a computer nerd's fantasy world come true. the lead character is an attractive teenage boy with a girlfriend, yet is a programming genius and apparent hacker (i think), among many other nerd-fantasy-come-true elements that you'll have to see for yourself.as well, i should've known it would be a z-movie when i saw ned bellamy... he tends to be a good tip-off.can't recommend this one, i'm afraid.

one more of extremely unprofessional movies about computer programmers.looks authors of that movie don't know real specific of programmers world.20 top programmers in the world, program which have own satellites (for what?), program which using satellite freq., somebody kill somebody to steal the codes (why?) and much more of stupid moments at this movie.peoples who not programmers not will see something awful at that movie, because not professionals on this. but peoples will see not real things.programmers will find that movie odd and awful - because lots of moments inside movie is not related real life (why movie not scifi in this case?).

obvious attack on microsoft made by people who don't appear to understand intellectual property or market economies generally.loony liberal tim robbins plays a painfully obvious caricature of bill gates, and is a cartoonish corporate villain ordering murders right and left.while microsoft may engage in some anticompetitive activity at times, it's unlikely they actually murder people. therefore, the film is over the top and ridiculous from the beginning.the "deeper" point is apparently that major tech innovations should be free to the public, and not subject to intellectual property laws. however, this ignores the fact that most major innovations would never have been developed if not for the market incentives (and rewards) provided by intellectual property.it's one thing to be opposed to anti-competitive conduct -- that's common sense. it's quite another to be opposed to market competition in the first place, which is what the film's mantra ("knowledge belongs to mankind") represents.yet another example of hollywood being completely out of touch with reality.

antitrust could have been a great vehicle for rachael leigh cook, but the director cut out her best scenes. in the scenes that she are in, she is just a zombie. she is involved in a sub-plot that is simular to a sub-plot in "get carter", but she handles the sub-plot better in "get carter".(i blame the director) the director's homage to hitchcock was corny. (it's the scene were ryan philippe's charactor realizes he may not be able to trust tim robbin's charactor, at least i think it's a homage to hitchcock. the dvd shows the scenes that were cut out. i think the director should have trust his instincts and not listen to the test audiences.

it was interesting to see how accurate the writing was on the geek buzz words, yet very naive on the corporate world. the justice department would catch more of the big corp giants if they did such naive things to win. the real corporate world is much more subtle and interesting, yet every bit as sinister. i seriously doubt any corp would actually kill someone directly; even the mod is more indirect these days. in the real world, they do kill people with nicotine, pollution, additives, poisons, etc. this movie must have been developed by some garage geeks, i think, and the studios didn't know the difference. they just wanted something to capitalize on the microsoft antitrust case in the news.

a terrible movie as everyone has said. what made me laugh was the cameo appearance by scott mcnealy, giving an award to one of the murdered programmers in front of a wall of sun logos. mcnealy is the ceo of sun microsystem, a company that practically defines itself by its hatred of microsoft. they have been instrumental in filing antitrust complaints against microsoft. so, were they silly enough to think this bad movie would add fuel to that fire?there's no public record i see of sun's involvement, but clearly the makers of this movie know scott mcnealy. an interesting mystery.

aldolpho (steve buscemi), an aspiring film maker, lives in a battered nyc apartment and relies on his mother to help make the rent. he has a beautiful neighbor named angelica (jennifer beals)who may or may not be married but who aldolpho would love to star in his movie. when al unexpectedly gets a financial promise of funding for his film from a strange man named joe, he thinks he's got it made. that is, until joe takes al along on an adventure to steal a porsche for part of the financial backing. will the film be made before aldolpho is completely without a moral backbone? and, will angelica star in the film? this is, in this viewer's opinion, an awful movie. the script is abysmal, with a plot that wanders willy nilly. beals practically snarls all of her lines and buscemi, though likable, is nondescript. there is a good deal of distasteful material and unsavory characters to boot. finally, the production values are very poor, too, making the film look second rate at all times. if you have time on your hands, it is still a good idea not to take a chance with this movie. but, if you are the proverbial glutton for punishment, go ahead and watch the darn thing. beals does look beautiful, after all.

how disney can you get? preppy rich girls act like idiots, buy a bunch of stuff, and get taught a lesson. is disney trying to send a lesson to itself? that maybe while buying everything it should maybe still be human? whatever the psycho-analysis, this movie sucked.the girls want a rich party for their rich lives. but then money disappears and they have to use their riches to get the milk plant (yes, milk) going to employ the workers. they keep it afloat until daddy comes home. and the man at the beginning, who appears to be the one that takes the money, is the one. but the ending is dumb. webcam in the cayman islands? huh? not worth my time ever again. but it is better than howl's moving castle. "d-"

i watched this movie really late last night and usually if it's late then i'm pretty forgiving of movies. although i tried, i just could not stand this movie at all, it kept getting worse and worse as the movie went on. although i know it's suppose to be a comedy but i didn't find it very funny. it was also an especially unrealistic, and jaded portrayal of rural life. in case this is what any of you think country life is like, it's definitely not. i do have to agree that some of the guy cast members were cute, but the french guy was really fake. i do have to agree that it tried to have a good lesson in the story, but overall my recommendation is that no one over 8 watch it, it's just too annoying.

this movie kind of reminds me of a mary-kate and ashley movie-only worse. just the rich sisters kind of thing i think even though alysons more the actress, in this movie amanda michalka was okay sometimes but alysons acting stunk. i think that after high-school musical they needed to come up with somethihng better and this definitely wasn't it. the story line wasn't that great and i think they should have gotten two other people to play taylor and courtney. i'm not a big alyson michalka fan and this movie didn't make me like her any better. i think they should definitely sick to singing and only watch this movie if you have nothing better to do (which sadly i didn't)

this movie is truly awful. after seeing the advertisement for it, i thought it could have its charms ... but it didn't.the girls cannot act, and they cannot sing either. the soundtrack to this movie is full of their songs, and its not a pretty sight, terrible story line, unbelievable plot, its one of disney's worst movies by far!. ally is not a bad actress on "phil of the future", so i don't know what happened in "cow belles". and her sister, aj, seems to be just hitching a ride on her sisters "fame", and she displays no talent what so ever.at the end of the movie the girls do finally learn some cliché morals, but this is to late to rescue this train wreck movie.awful

this movie was terrible to say the least. i was hoping for a lot better after seeing "high school musical". the whole entire movie was a complete rip off of "the simple life", only it wasn't a reality show.the acting was not good at all. amanda michalka had her moments, when she wasn't that terrible. on the other hand alyson michalka was bad all the way through. chris gallinger, who played the love interest of amanda was playing a french guy, but had an awful accent. one good thing about this movie was the completely adorable michael trevino, who played alyson's love interest. just something to keep in mind, if this movie had been aired before "high school musical" it probably would not have seemed as bad. but it was no comparison.overall i give it a 2.

russell hopton acted in many films until his death in 1945. he only directed 2 and "black gold" was one, (the other was also from 1936). frankie darro had a sometimes abrasive screen presence but in this he was playing a good kid. he was obviously quite popular on the "quickie" circuit - he made so many films. in this one he plays the son of an old oil rigger who is convinced that he will strike oil very soon.j.c. anderson (berton churchill) is trying to convince the old man to sell up as he knows there is going to be oil struck at any moment. a geologist, henry, comes on the scene and helps "fishtail's" dad. he also convinces "fishtail" to go to school regularly. henry has his eye on cynthia, the pretty teacher. this was gloria shea's last film - she had begun her career as olive shea in "glorifying the american girl" (1929). "fishtail's" dad is killed when the rig is sabotaged and henry is determined to bring anderson and his cronies to justice. when henry is kidnapped anderson tries to persuade "fishtail" to sell his oil lease. it all ends well with oil being struck and "fishtail" going to military school.it is okay for a rainy day.

ostensibly a film that predicts the coming trends in british popular music, it's wrong on so many fronts that it's laughable. tommy quickly? the honeycombs? the movie does include a song by the spencer davis group, two by the animals, and one tacked on live film of the beatles doing their live version of twist and shout (all 1:20). but all in all, an awkward display of british music circa 1964. oh, and herman's hermits.

not a movie, but a lip synched collection of performances from acts that were part of the british invasion, that followed the dynamic entrance of the beatles to the music world. some of these acts did not make a big splash on this side of the pond, but a lot of them did. featured are: herman's hermits, billy j. kramer and the dakotas, peter and gordon, honeycombs, nashville teens, animals, and of course,the beatles.it is so much fun watching these young acts before they honed and polished their acts.

why? why did they make this movie? if timothy olyphant wasn't shirtless in it several times, there would be absolutely no reason to watch this movie, ever. um...plot? nope. well-defined characters? nope. the only time i laughed was when my boyfriend made fun of the whole she-bang. p.s. andy dick? nope.

this film concerns purportedly non-establishment types (aesthetically and sexually) who apparently cannot resist basic romantic needs. although some excellent players take part, including jon tenney, timothy olyphant, and cynthia nixon, they are grounded by a puerile script which relies nearly totally upon clever dialogue; which isn't. nixon's role possesses the best lines, but she often homes in on them too quickly, a timing flaw which must be saddled upon the director. the grotesque climax utilizes every available cliche, spent or not, and fittingly ends this drab attempt at comedy.

my girlfriend has the habit of going to blockbuster and choosing movies no-one has ever heard anything about. admittedly, at times, it has led to some fun discoveries. often times, the best that can be said is they definitely run an hour and a half.she brought home "advice from a caterpillar." she was excited because the box said it was funny. lucky for us, the propaganda on the boxes never lie.this movie was an exercise in patience. this is one of those movies where, unless you are a pretentious and shallow person who likes watching movies about yourself, you will hate every character in the movie. until the introduction of the one nice character. which the lead annoying pretentious character will fall in love with and act in such a way that, in the real world, would drive anyone away.mild spoilers from here onso a bunch of emotionally vapid, stuck-up, pretentious artists swear off love and find success in their careers. then, they meet a nice, intelligent, emotionally mature and loving character (an almost perfect guy). we then watch the woman, the annoyingly pretentious artist (in her 30's?) freak out as she falls in love. so she tries to flee from the nice, intelligent, emotionally mature man and stay with the married man with whom she's been having great but empty sex. she is rude to the man and does everything in her power to drive him away. in the real world, she would have been quite successful. i certainly wanted to flee from her and i wasn't even in a relationship with her!although its nice that the man 'fought for his love', i never wanted her to have him. (nor did my girlfriend) she didn't deserve him. and, why i wonder, did the director think that the 'almost perfect guy' should be punished by having to win a relationship with her? when the artist was asking the 'almost perfect guy' to leave, we were screaming for him to leave too. there's a problem with a movie when the heroine of the film is so annoying, childish and stupid that you want her to fail.beyond that, let me say that andy dick made me laugh a few times even though his character was also pretentious to the point of annoyance. regarding the other characters, they were well acted, morally bankrupt and annoying characters.it is a comedy and i can say i did laugh a few times in the film. unfortunately, not much laughing happened until the last 10 minutes or so. but by the time i had those laughs, i had been praying for the movie to end for far too long. i needed to get these vapid characters out of my life.if you want to watch people you hate struggle with a love for people they don't deserve, then this is the movie for you.

a scientist (john carradine--sadly) finds out how to bring the dead back to life. however they come back with faces of marble. eventually this all leads to disaster.boring, totally predictable 1940s outing. this scared me silly when i was a kid but just bores me now. i had to struggle to stay awake! with one exception, the acting is horrible. such expressionless boring actors! hopeless.there are some good things about this: carradine, despite the script, actually gives a very good performance. and there are a few mildly creepy moments involving a ghost of a great dane walking through walls. there's also one of the worst-looking knockouts in cinema history. still, none of this is fun enough to sit through this. avoid.

i thought i read somewhere that this was the last monogram production, but whether that's true or not it doesn't matter, because if it wasn't, then it should have been. it's a deadly dull affair starring john carradine with some gray in his hair to make himself appear like an older scientist who is experimenting with the aid of his young apprentice (robert shayne) in bringing the dead back to life. every time their subjects are revived, they seem to have a whitish face like marble as they are lying strapped to the laboratory table (big deal). carradine manages to restore his faithful dog to life after it's dead, and the mutt gains an unusual ability to walk through walls in a ghostlike fashion (wooooooooohhhh). that's about all she wrote.for an ultra-cheap monogram quickie, this thing at least actually utilizes a more fancy-schmancy lab setup than is usually allotted. the funniest running joke in the movie is that the "older" doctor carradine constantly refers to his "young" assistant shayne as "m'boy" when, in fact, carradine was actually 40 and shayne was 45 when they made this!

this movie was absolute torture. first of all, it's a whopping 4+ hours long! true, the kargil war may have had several points that were captured and fought for, but every single one of those battles need not have been shown. so maybe this is a documentary, not a commercial film as advertised. sure didn't seem like it, as enough background information was not given and there were some flaws. the battle sequences were so poorly executed. i am terribly disappointed from the man who gave well done sequences in border. each battle was the exact same as the previous. it was so predictable. (this might be a spoiler.) the whole army marches uphill, five or so soldiers curse five thousand times each (they also use the same cussword every time), one of the lead actors is shot, someone yells for a stretcher, the actor says, "no, don't get a stretcher. that will take 6 men from the battalion," and then an actor dies. that exact same thing happens over and over and over again. oh, and the songs are so bad and so long. the cast of the movie is too big for its own good. despite such a long movie, none of the characters were well developed. the actresses had the most miniscule roles. they all are dressed and portrayed to be the same. two of them were weeping synchronized. it was so comical. they moved their hands and heads at the exact same time and then bit their dupatta together.the list just goes on and on. i know i'm still forgetting something . anyways, i think i have bashed the film enough that you get the picture.

i saw this movie with some indian friends on christmas day. the quick summary of this movie is must avoid. jp dutta wrote, directed, produced and edited this movie and did none of these jobs well.the movie tells the story of the attempt by pakistan in 1999 to capture part of the disputed region of kashmir from india. supposedly based on fact, you get a hint from this movie of the difficulty the indian army had in recapturing the area from the pakistani troops - who occupied the high ground. but instead of telling what must have been a compelling and heroic story, all this movie does is make the indian military look laughable and stupid, which i know is not true.i watched this movie with an almost completely indian audience, who were very patriotic and clearly wanted to like this movie, but also found themselves laughing at scenes that weren't meant to be funny.the script was absolutely abysmal. it gave the impression that mr dutta knows nothing about how an army operates and was using bad war movies for reference. the result is a script that is brainless and repetitive.the acting from most of the principals was not stellar, but considering the script they were given, i find it hard to criticise them too much. as for the supporting cast, all i can say is that i hope they were amateurs.the editing was also pretty bad. it was pretty hard to follow what was going on for a lot of the time, and music would abruptly end at scene changes.good things: the cinematography was pretty good, although it was hurt a little by the fact that the movie didn't appear to be colour corrected (the colour balance often varied significantly within scenes). also, the few songs that were in the movie were quite enjoyable - for the first half a dozen or so verses at least. unfortunately they went on a lot longer than they should have.and the worst crime of all? this mess is four hours long. there is enough here that a good editor could almost squeeze a good 1.5 - 2 hour movie out of what was shot. sadly, a good editor was not working on this movie.

i should put out an alert all over saying that the movie shouldn't be watched. it fails to a fitting tribute in such a magnificent manner that it is almost an insult to the memory of those brave men. the special effect were horrible, i hadn't expected the total failure on the part of the director to appreciate military technology. how can a machine gun which normally fires at the rate of 600 rounds per minute fire at 1/10th the speed? how can soldiers fall forward when a grenade explodes in front of them? how can people survive when there are artillery shells falling as close as 20 feet away? how come the artillery shells fall only on either side of the road and not the road itself?not only did this disrespect for the weaponry appall me, it was the cliched situations and the incongruity of the dialogues which had me screaming murder. there were the standard dialogues like ye bhi kisi ka bhai hai, ise laath mat maro and pakistan se jyaada musalmaan to hindustaan me hai and loc cross mat karo ye mera hukum hai. stupid to say the least.what shobha de had written is true. the director worked without a script and it shows. there is no flow to the movie. there is no gradual progression from one battle to another. it is just one gunfight after the next with no connection to the overall scheme of the war. the explanatory scenes are awful. the chief of army staff looks unconvincing. to make matters worse the theatre people had indiscriminately cut footage to fit the four hour long movie into 3 hours.

is this the movie??? is this what indians are trying to show?? i think this is one more effort from a sick-minded director to turn down pakistani soldiers and in fact country....but what we pakistani's know that we are always ahead of india in every part of our lives...not only in armed counters.well...this is bad filmed as that of border in early 1997...and director and writer just tried to overcome a shame of defeat in kargil by pakistani armed forces, by creating films like these..one thing is very clear...whenever there will be an encounter between pakistan and india....we will win....!!! so mr. dutta try to make some good movies instead of nonsense movies like this

now please don't start calling me names like, "unpatriotic" , "weirdo" and more .the very length of this movie (4 hours .. !!!) is its biggest mistake . no editing at all - seems like j.p. dutta fell in love with his project too much . even lagaan was 4 hours long - but it was entertaining and gave a message as well .it's based on true incidents and real people . kudos to it , but were the repetitive war scenes really needed ? on top of it the focus constantly shifted from one battalion / squadron to another and it was impossible to keep a track of them all .between the skirmishes , there were songs about loneliness , lovesickness and related stuff . there were chummy conversations . in the beginning it gave some relief from the violence but became so monotonous later that one could even correctly predict nature of the forthcoming talk .why were the soldiers walking around as if they were lions in jungle , fully unaware that enemy was lurking somewhere near? and when they were shot , it elicited sympathy but it seemed unmindful of them to be so cocksure of their safety in the first place .music was melodious and the lyrics were soulful but did not fit with the movie . better to listen to them on the soundtrack rather than in the movie .acting was the saving grace : from seasoned veterans like sanjay dutt and ajay devgan , to relative newbies like abhishek bachchan and akshaye khanna , everyone acted like a pro . manoj bajpai and ashutosh rana deserve a special mention for lightening up the mood whenever necessary .dialogues ranged from brilliant ("from madhuri .. with love!!") to illogical / monotonous ("pakistan se zyada musalman hindusthan mein hain") . and the expletive spree consisting of all the mcs , bcs , cs and f-words wasn't really required . loc kargil attempts to provide a fitting tribute to the brave indian soldiers , but tries too hard and ultimately fails . indian soldiers surely deserve a better tribute .

don't even waste your time, let alone pay rental for this piece of dreck! how it got made is beyond me. (i don't know why there's a minimum of 10 lines... i've already summarized this trashy movie, but, oh well...) the acting was awful, like they all needed lessons. the plot was weak, the ending... feh! i think the cinematography was the only thing that didn't totally suck... well, maybe the sound was minimalistically ok. the one good thing is, if they could make this movie, even make some money with it, there may be hope for any screenwriter with a real idea. so, you-all take heart! i guess the same holds true of actors... if these people actually got paid, then you can, too!

i was fooled to rent this movie by its impressive cover. alas. it is easily one of the worst movies ever made. judging by the acting of the film characters, it's more a comedy than a horror film. no surprise why no one else has written comments on the imdb. avoid it.

if i have to give this movie a score on a linear scale, then i have to give it a low score 3/10.but it was entertaining, and there are several good things to say about the movie.the psychiatrist candidate james bishop is assigned to st. andrews hospital for his resident, and is exited and eager to "change the world".from the beginning of the movie you know that the hospital is hiding an evil truth, but james thinks he can make a difference and doesn't recognise this evil. the story builds fairly well, you know all the time that there is a truth in what the patients are telling about some resident evil, and wonder when and how james will discover this. also when the break comes, james is in a way hunted by the evil, and you feel some suspense until "the fight" is over.add an innocent beautiful girlfriend that arrives at the worst possible time and other standard horror elements, and you get the picture.the character buildup is actually fairly good, you are introduced to most of the people that gets killed, some of them you "get to know".the film sets an unpleasant scene, this is also done fairly well. there are mysteries that are unveiled - in an acceptable way.the main character, james is very believable - the story about an eager student starting to work is good in this setting.what kills this movie is: * stupid special effects - a modern version of "plan 9 from outer space"-type bad (the evil monster looks like a red scarecrow) * some bad acting (or probably very few takes when filming) - the main characters sometimes acts badly, and somtimes good. * the sound is at times very cheap.i kept thinking "i could make a movie like this with my home video camera" throughout the film.

because others have gone to the trouble of summarizing the plot, i'd like to mention a few points about this film. there may be spoilers here; i don't care enough to filter them out.- given the film's low budget, the creature design was quite good. it's actually nice to see a direct-to-video horror film that's not slathered with awful cgi. unfortunately the digital film quality's quite grainy in places, and it's most noticeable in the well-lit white halls of the asylum.- ridiculous lighting design plagues parts of this film, to say nothing of the variations in the passage of time. i understand the director might have been trying to simulate dementia, but in order for this to be effective consistent time flow needed to be established. as-is, it merely seems amateurish.- plot twists were numerous but consistently predictable. i neither had a doubt in my mind of the identity of the robed cultists, nor of the fact that some kind of lame evil-trumps-good development would surface at the end.- this may seem like quibbling, but characters in this film reliably fail to employ any kind of common sense. first of all, regulatory commissions would be all over a mental health center that unilaterally declared all patient and employee deaths cardiac arrest-induced. why would the head psychiatrist also be capable of performing autopsies? why wasn't a plot point made of these impressive qualifications, or of his introduction to his odd choice of religion? what's the background? what's supposed to make us care about anyone in this? and just as importantly, who in their right mind would go through the introduction to the place, see everything that was so frighteningly wrong with it, and then conclude that it was still a fine place to pursue a residency? this film didn't even respect its characters enough to give their intelligence the benefit of the doubt.bottom line: see the wicker man instead.

hellborn starts as a young psychiatric doctor named james bishop (matt stasi) takes up his residency at st. andrews insane asylum, or 'mental illness facility' as they like to call it there. with nearly 600 patients bishop meets his boss dr. mccort (bruce payne) & is put to work, he gets ward 'a' where some seriously deranged & dangerous patients are held. if that wasn't bad enough during his first round of visits bishop finds a dead body & has threatening sounding graffiti messages sprayed over his room. bishop starts to hear stories from the patients about sinister goings-on at the asylum & soon finds out for himself the stories have more than a hint of truth about them...known as asylum of the damned in the us this supernatural horror film was directed by philip j. jones & i sort of liked it but in the end there were too many unsatisfying elements for me to totally enjoy it. the script by matt mccombs takes itself pretty seriously & i quite liked the basic idea behind & some of it's ideas but there are a few things which work against it. for a start the film is just too slow, the story is pretty good & doesn't give itself away too early but it takes an absolute age for it to get going & i was rapidly losing interest with each passing minute. i also thought the so-called twist ending was far too predictable & the ending itself far too bland & forgettable. it's a shame because i liked the story, the character's, the setting & some of the ideas but it's simply too slow & frankly dull to keep one entertained over it's 90 minute duration. it's one of those films which i would like to recommend but in all honesty i can't.director jones does a good job, this is actually a well lit & quite atmospheric film. i wouldn't say there's anything scary here. i'm not sure if hellborn was shot in a real insane asylum but if it wasn't they did a great job on the sets & the film looks pretty good overall. unfortunately there is a real lack of gore or action, there are two hand-print shaped wounds & a severed tongue & that's it, absolutely nothing else in terms of blood or gore which has to go down as a disappointment. depending on who you believe & which review you read the special effects are either the worst ever or very good, well as a devoted watcher of low budget horror i was very impressed with the effects especially the demon thing which looks mightily impressive & is a man in a suit type effect rather than a terrible cgi computer graphic although it's an impressive suit. it all depends on your expectations i suppose.technically the film is good, it looks nice enough & the lack of cgi computer effects is something i welcome. the acting isn't great though, it certainly could have been better.hellborn is a film that disappointed me, there were some good stuff about it but at the same time some terrible stuff which unfortunately outweighs the good. i sort of liked parts of it but as a whole 90 minute viewing experience i'd find it totally impossible to recommend to anyone.

the cast although nothing special, all do an ok job, the story seems like a good idea, the script is bearable and the end has quite a good twist; so what's wrong with it?for a start the special effects are really bad (if this was made in the 60's) it might look ok but in 2003 there is just no excuse for visuals as poor as this. it makes me laugh that the dvd cover claims very proudly 'from the special effects creator of jeepers creepers'.secondly the direction is weak, this film just does not capture the essence of the story, a doctor feeding the hospital inmates souls to the devil (or demon type creature) should be tense or frightening; it simply isn't.all in all this is a pretty poor film, and although bearable and at times mildly entertaining, it is still probably best left alone.a rather sad 4/10

i've seen some very terrible horror movies in my time, and while this isn't the worst of the bunch, it's certainly in the lower half. the script starts off ok. a young doctor goes to a hospital as an intern, hoping it will vault him to a better job for him and his future wife. cute huh? the movie then heads straight into the toilet when you realize that something is killing patients. turns out that there's a demon on the basement that's harvesting people's souls. it's the job of the 1 doctor, 1 nurse, and 1 security guard in the entire hospital staff to drag this mental patient downstairs, do a ritual that pretty much just involves cutting the tongue out, and then allowing the haunted house prop of a demon to come out and steal his soul through the magic of cheesy special effects. at this point the movie gets so ridiculously stupid, i was begging for it to be over. there was still an hour to go. it looked like a half an hour "tales from the crypt" episode that somehow got stretched into an hour and a half crap-fest. from tiny lister doing his best john coffey (the green mile) impersonation to tracy scoggins playing the stereotypical frigid nurse ratchet, this movie fails in every possible level. i gave this 2 stars for only two reason. 1) his fiancé is pretty hot, she eased the pain a little towards the end and 2) the movie actually looks ok, a lot better than the current trend of horror movies being made with wal-mart quality home cameras.in the end, avoid this turd even if you have the blockbuster movie pass (which i do, and i still felt cheated). as a bonus drinking game, you and your buddies take a shot every time matt stasi (dr. james bishop) shakes his head while talking. you'll be drunk 15 minutes into the movie.

in theory, films should be a form of entertainment. while this excludes documentaries and other experimental forms of film-making; most movies, specially genre films, must not only tell it's story or message, they must entertain their target audience in some way. all this just to say that in my opinion a bad movie is not a movie with low production values or low-budget, a bad movie is one that is boring."hellborn" or "asylum of the damned" as is known in the u.s., is a bad movie simply because it is just not involving, and irremediably boring and tiresome. while it has a very good premise, it is just poorly developed and the mediocre acting doesn't make things better. on another hands the film probably could had been a fine or even classic b-movie, but here it is just a bad attempt at film-making.director philip j. jones tells the tale of james bishop (matt stasi), a young psychiatry resident, who just got his dream job at st. andrew mental hospital; but the old asylum seems to hide a secret. after the mysterious death of some patients and the constant rumors of satanic practices, james decides to find out what is going on; only to find the incredulity of his boss, dr. mccort (bruce payne), who believes that bishop is going as insane as his patients.while the premise is quite interesting, the execution of the film leaves a lot to be desired. in an attempt of making a supernatural psychological thriller, jones goes for the easy way out and makes a movie filled with every cliché of the genre. of course, there are lots of great movies that are also filled with clichés; but in "hellborn" every single one is wasted and turned into a cheap jump scare to keep things moving, resulting in a boring and predictable storyline.the acting is quite mediocre for the most part, with one big exception: bruce payne gives a top-notch performance that makes the movie look unworthy of such good acting. matt stasi is very weak as the lead character and the rest of the cast make forgettable performances.despite all this flaws, one thing has to be written about "hellborn"; it has a visual look very good for the budget and very similar to modern day big-budget hollywod "horror" productions. also, the make-up and prosthetics are done very nicely and the designs for the main antagonist are quite good. sadly, the rest of the special effects are awful and outdated, making a huge contrast with the make-up & prosthetics."hellborn" is a movie with a few good things outnumbered by its serious flaws with terrible results. hardcore horror or b-movie fans may be interested by its premise but it is a boring and tiresome experience. 3/10

this is complete and absolute garbage, a fine example of what a bad movie is like, this can't be appealing to anyone, not even b-movie fans. do not, i repeat, do not waste precious time of your life on this piece of trash. bad acting, bad directing, horrible (but i mean really horrible) script, and complete lack of an idea as to what entertainment (of any form) is. i bought the dvd for 3 dollars, i swear i could almost pay someone to take it. burning it would not be enough for what this movie did to me. i like b-movies, the killer toys, the weird lagoon monsters, but this is nowhere near. you know those movies that are so bad they are funny? not even. just plain old pathetic.

this film makes you really appreciate the invention of the fast forward button on your remote control. it's exquisite boredom in beautiful pictures. for once hamilton goes relatively easy on soft focus shots. however, what i found hard to take about the film was that although anja schüte was about 19 when it was shot the girls are portrayed as much younger than they actually are. this whole lolita thing especially as there is an older man involved leaves me rather uneasy. the heroine is actually shaved in the pubic area in order to make her look even younger than she is. come on, sex is a nice past time- between consenting adults. another thing i found odd was that neither beart nor schüte have a nude scene in the film, well, not a proper one at least.

this film offers absolutely no imagination in it's premise nor in it's execution but these are just two things that come to mind after watching this so-called comedy that has no energy to speak of. story is about nit-picky over analytical insurance risk manager reuben feffer (ben stiller) who finds his new wife lisa (debra messing) cheating on him with a scuba instructor (hank azaria) after only one day on their honeymoon. upon returning home reuben and his best friend sandy (philip seymour hoffman) go to a party and run into polly prince (jennifer aniston) whom they went to school with years earlier.*****spoiler alert***** polly is forgetful and sloppy and lives carefree which is the opposite of who reuben is as a person but they start to date and reuben starts to change as a person as he starts to try out new things such as salsa dancing and eating spicy foods. but one day lisa comes back and wants to remain married to reuben but he really doesn't want to but polly decides to leave as she doesn't believe in marriage to begin with.this film is the second directing effort by john hamburg who wrote two generally unfunny screenplays in "zoolander" and "meet the parents" but those two films seem like classics compared to this stale piece of drivel. it's very easy to say something is not funny but i think with this film it's even easier to figure out why. this film is totally and utterly predictable from start to finish with every scene looking as if it's only happening because of the ridiculousness of the script. hamburg who also wrote the script seems to have written this without any thought of trying something different and at times he seems to be trying to generate the same energy as "there's something about mary" but instead the events seem incredibly forced. did anyone really think the blind ferret was funny? if you do, your easy! a few times during the film characters would inexplicably have these emotional speeches that are supposed to summarize everything but all they achieve is overstating the obvious. stiller works a lot but maybe he should work less and just wait for the better scripts to come his way because this film doesn't work as a comedy or as a romance.

make no bones about it. there are a lot of things wrong with this movie. it's clichéd the whole way, not very funny, predictable, and illogical. let's start at the beginning: characters. there's the boring, luckless guy - giving stiller another notch in his boring, luckless guy belt - the allegedly wild, but in reality just fairly normal, love interest - whom aniston plays well, but really needed no effort to do so - the fat, jovial friend, and then the assortment of clichés: an annoying daredevil australian guy, a confident spanish guy, etc. the storyline: the beginning is slightly unusual, but thereafter goes into the standard any-movie style, with every plot turn as predictable as your average knock-knock joke. the biggest problem was that stiller's character's "development" really seemed to come from nothing - like your average school play, the writers knew where he started and where he ended, but didn't put enough stock into properly telling the middle bit. finally, the alleged 'jokes' were nothing but highly watered down versions of standard gross-out humour; there was a regulation chunder scene, sweaty fat men, etc.in conclusion, the simple fact about this movie is that learning the meaning of the word 'shart' was the only good thing. hamburg really dished up a dog's dinner here, and the sugar coating of stiller and aniston may have lured the viewers, but the taste left at the end was just as rancid.final comment: this film may have been dreadful, but aniston still picked a better between-friends-seasons movie than kudrow's odious 'marci x.'

they should have called this movie: "adopted mouse brother that is slightly inspired by someone's vague recollection of stuart little who just kind of skimmed the book a little, but mostly just remembered the cover" if it wasn't so misleading i'd give it a better review.but seriously people, do your kids a favor and have them read the book. they might actually learn something instead of having their mind numbed by what we all know as hollywood film.the book stuart little isn't about a mouse, it's about a person who happens to be very small and mouse-like. he's born to his parents, not adopted. the book is about his life and his eventual departure from home and the journey he embarks on. there is a cat named snowball who thinks he's food and wants to eat him, but snowball can't talk. in the movie they screw all of that up. i think the only things that they kept from the book were the boat race and the names.

at least the under ten year old set will stay interested. eleanor(geena davis)and fred(hugh laurie)little, a nice well-to-do couple set out to bring home from the orphanage a new little brother for their son george(johnathan lipnicki). they come home with quite the odd new sibling...a sharp dressed little mouse named stuart(voiced by michael j. fox). yes, mouse. stuart is happy to have found the sense of belonging even if it is in a super sized world that contains his new family's pet cat snowbell(voiced by nathan lane). stuart embarks on the experience of family loyalty and overall friendship. george will finally accept his tiny new brother when the dapper dressed stuart saves embarrassment at a model boat race.also in the cast: julia sweeney, harold gould, estelle getty and jeffery jones. and the voices of: chaz palminteri, bruno kirby and jennifer tilly.

basically this is about a couple who want to adopt a second child. at the adoption agency they meet a mouse (stuart) and they decide to adopt him. if you think that this is stupid, hold it, because it's getting worse.stuart arrives to his new home, where he is treated like a human child. (spare me!) the rest is pretty much the usual cliché, about family problems, jealousy from the elder "brother", and at the end all issues are resolved and they are all a "happy family". boring and worn out as this is, it is also shown in the most blunt and unsophisticated way.i don't know if the director believed that he was being creative by introducing a mouse to the cliché, or he was just trying to fill in minutes, but he only upgraded the cliché from boring to abhorrent.then why i gave a 3 and not a zero? because of the family cat, who loves stuart as much as the "brother". and because of some funny gigs, where stuart makes good use of his small size.on the overall i believe that the film would work reasonably well if: a. stuart was a pet and not a "sibling". b. it had kept to the funny gigs, like stuart trying to outwit the cat, and had left out boring clichés which don't even match with anything else.

it should first be said that i have read the manga and therefore my argument is based on the differences.this anime greatly disappointed me because it removed the comedy and high quality action of the manga and ova. what it left behind was merely a husk of what it could have been. many of the characters lacked the depth that is seen in the manga. alucard is not the sympathetic character that secretly wishes for death. walter's story lacks the betrayal. and the nazi villains that plot to engulf the world in war are completely absent. instead, the anime provides the gary stu villain incognito who is defeated against what appear to be all odds.my primary complaint is not that the anime diverges from the manga, but that it does such a poor job.

not only was the plot of this film contrived with the ease in which the two psychos are able to kidnap a pregnant woman without breaking a sweat but it was a terrible rip-off of 'misery'. however, the main reason i gave this film such a low rating was because it absolutely disgusted me.i'm not someone easily shocked by what film-makers dish out and have always had a love for horror flicks but this film went too far purely in terms of violence and torture just for the sake of getting points in the shock factor.i think most people, when watching just the first ten minutes of 'hide and seek', will find themselves reaching for the remote.

... and i have seen some bad ones.i have nothing good to say about this movie. the acting is poor by jennifer tilly - as to be expected. daryl hannah does an ok job, but nothing close to being able to save this movie.the biggest flaw in this film is that the plot is so weak - though based on a good premise - that the writer resorted to the "stupid heroine trick" to create a contrived suspense. when all daryl hannah would have to do is hide, she runs out in front of her pursuer. the hospital scene is absurd. without exposing too much of what passes for a plot, i think it would be difficult for a bloody petite woman to carry a pregnant from a hospital without being noticed. lame. very lame.save yourself some time and pick out another flick.

this is the kind of movie you regret you put in your vcr. it is some weird bad rip off version of stephen kings movie "misery (1990)". i cannot understand how this movie got a 5.2 score, because it has no story what so ever, and when the movie finally ended, i was relieved.this movie should have been released as a short-movie instead.. to much time is spent on the same thing. and as in every bad movie, everything happens just at the end of the movie in a 10-15 minutes time span...so, before you decide to watch this movie, be sure to put some new batteries in your remote control, because you are going to do whole lot of fast-forwarding... don't worry, you wont miss anything important.

this movie is horrendous. decent fight scenes or not, the acting is really bad, like you can tell they're reading their lines from a card. with painful line delivery by everyone in the cast. think watching a high school play and cringing at the obvious lack of smoothness in the actor's interactions (weird pauses between different character's lines, combined with hurried line delivery by others). if the movie were all action, this might be forgivable, but a lot of the movie includes plot set-up and family guy style, irreverent cut aways (oh, wow, are they badly done). i'm assuming they were attempting to be funny with these, but it again came off as a bunch of high-schoolers/ college entry students goofing off for the afternoon trying to set up a funny youtube clip. now to the fight scenes. they're not too bad, considering the level of quality seen everywhere else in the film. nothing great either, certainly not anywhere near the same level as other posters have stated (nothing like drunken master). the fights have an overly staged feel, with lots of cuts to different angles with blatantly different positions by those involved. in sum, the only reason to watch this movie is if you were one of the guy's friends involved with this very, very cheap production. which guy you may ask? oh, the same guy who wrote, directed, produced and stared in this middle school masterpiece.

the beginning of this movie was good. it started to get really dumb after he told the people he wanted to kill himself. i think if i came from a little town like that i would be offended after seeing this movie. they made a lot of these people look dumb and crazy. how could these people have so little to do that they follow him around all day. a lot of times these people were telling him ways to kill himself like they were urging him to do it. how can so many people have little respect for other people? i also think they could have made a much better ending for this movie. there were some good parts to this movie also. some people might like it, but i wouldn't recommend this to anyone.

quirky, independent, theatrical, christian slater--these are all teasers that made me look forward to spending an hour or so "discovering" a jewel of a film. boy, was i disappointed. julian po never gets over itself. the film is relentlessly self-conscious. i found myself unable to suspend disbelief for even a moment. the overdone, obviously theatrical sets, the overdone, obviously theatrical acting, the overdone, obviously theatrical directing -- well, you get the idea. allegories do not need to be delivered sledge hammer style. and it's hard to feel much of anything for julian po because we never know much about him. the ridiculous girlfriend, the annoying townsfolk, the idiotic clergyman, the bratty kids -- why would anyone, particularly anyone with a life long ambition to get to the seaside (slater's character), decide to stay in such a dismal place?

