its awful i cant believe that one of the greatest nonsenses in the world can be a blockbuster and the favorite movie of millions of people!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! a movie which has no story,again shahrukh khan has been appeared on the screen with nothing new the same as usual he is trying to make you cry by start scrambling his head for thousands of times,i think this is to much,pretty zinta spouse to act the character of a pakistani girl i didn't know that there is enough facilities in pakistan for the pakistani girls to do so many plastic surgeries on their face and also there are enough make up facilities??!! and also i didn't know that an indian can cross the march's between both countries,go to pakistan and start dancing and singing may be pakistani soldier's were sleeping!!!!!!!!!

i'd like to start off by saying that i am not an anime fan (with a few notable exceptions), and i generally have a low opinion of so-called otakus, as they are so in love with their particular brand of cartooning that they label every movie starring spiky-haired, big-eyed characters as a work of art without even considering other more vital factors, such as the plot. and no anime movie better represents this division between otakus and people with actual taste than this elegant piece of trash, fatal fury: the motion picture. as seen through the glassy, witless eyes of an otaku, there's little to find fault with in fatal fury-- there's plenty of quirky japanese-y humor, one-on-one duels, some "dramatic" moments, and everything is beautifully drawn. but everyone else will be turned off by the cliched, predictable plot with cliched, predictable characters, culminating in a cliched, predictable ending. the love scenes are hilariously overblown-- the scene in which sulia "heals" terry is obviously intended to be a tender moment, but it's virtually impossible to not be thrown into spirals of giddy laughter by the sheer ludicrousness of it. and of course, fatal fury is not without the obligatory cartoon t&a-- this is supplied gratuitously by the huge-breasted mai shiranui. and since fatal fury is based off the video game series of the same name (oh boy), we're treated to numerous pointless cameo appearances by popular characters with little or no relevance to the plot whatsoever (they go through all the trouble of introducing kim early on, only for him to disappear from the movie totally after that point). this mess of a movie reaches its climax with the unintentionally farcical final battle, in which all the main characters engage the all-powerful main villain in one-on-one combat in turn. that's some thing that's always amused me... even when battles in animes aren't taking place in a tournament, they always happen as if they were, regardless of the fact that it makes no sense whatsoever! otakus always rave about how anime movies should be treated as movies as opposed to merely cartoons, and a disturbing portion of those same people love fatal fury. so would fatal fury have been good if it wasn't an anime? the answer is an emphatic "no"-- all of this movie's charm, what little of it there is, resides in the actual drawings. had fatal fury not been an anime, it would have been worthy of an episode of mystery science theater 3000, if the show was still on the air. that's the key-- this is nothing more than a laughably bad b-movie in the guise of an anime epic. if you're a fan of movies so bad that they're actually entertaining, consider renting fatal fury (or catch it on the sci-fi channel), as it is definitely one of those. if you're an otaku, please wake up and realize that a good 90% of the stuff you're watching is garbage. as for everyone else, buy a dreamcast and fatal fury: mark of the wolves, but don't even consider seeing this movie.

and i thought the beach was bad, with the difference that this movie has one of the greatest actors of our time, nicolas cage. don't blame him for the awful script, if any one can make any sense of what the hell was the point of that movie, give your self a pat on the back. its a cross between the village and a crappier script. its starts off kinda catching your eye, and then as it goes further into the plot, it just makes no sense, and don't get me started about the ending!!!! what was that? the only thing that makes this movie exist is nicolas cage usual great humor, and his ability to be funny in the weirdest situations. if you go to a blockbuster and this is the only movie to watch, save yourself five bucks and just go back home and turn put some thing on fire and when some ones asks you why, just say the stupidest thing that comes into your mind, and there you go!

