dark wolf (quick review) let's get right to it: this is a repugnant piece of rotting roadkill with cow sh*t on it. it's just an awful movie. it's an urban werewolf movie with some of the worst acting imaginable and a story as weak as any gangly nerd from an 80's high school drama film. what's worse is that poor kane hodder was duped into playing the gigantic evil werewolf. kane f*cking hodder. someone's trying to ensure that playing jason voorhees is the height of his film career...anyway, former playmate jaime bergman is also in the movie and she eventually becomes a werewolf, too. it's kind of a crappy cop drama with the world's worst looking werewolf in it. but it does have moments of near-rampant nudity. but that's about all. want to know more? okay, the werewolf is generally an ugly-looking black blur zipping around the screen. and when we're privileged enough to actually see a transformation sequence, we're presented with something that resembles a full-motion video from a video game made during the early stages of the playstation. the first playstation. the cg animation is really that primitive. only good for horror hardcore fanatics that want to see small moments of nudity surrounded by rampant visual vomit. 2/10www.residenthazard.com

although i am generally a proponent of the well-made film, i do not limit myself to films which escape those boundaries, and more often than not i do enjoy and admire films that successfully "break the rules." and it is quite true that director pasolini breaks the rules of established cinema. but it is also my opinion that he does not break them successfully or to any actual point.pasolini's work is visually jarring, but this is less a matter of what is actually on the screen than how it is filmed, and the jumpiness of his films seem less a matter of artistic choice than the result of amateur cinematography. this is true of decameron. pasolini often preferred to use non-actors, and while many directors have done so with remarkable result, under pasolini's direction his non-actors tend to remain non-actors. this is also true of decameron. pasolini quite often includes images designed to shock, offend, or otherwise disconcert the audience. such elements can often be used with startling effect, but in pasolini's hands such elements seldom seem to actually contribute anything to the film. this is also true of decameron.i have been given to understand there are many people who like, even admire pasolini's films. even so, i have never actually met any of them, and i have never been able to read anything about pasolini or his works that made the reason for such liking or admiration comprehensible to me. judging him from his works alone, i am of the opinion that he was essentially an amateurish director who did not "break the rules" so much by choice as by lack of skill--and who was initially applauded by the intelligentsia of his day for " existential boldness," thereby simply confirming him in bad habits as a film maker. i find his work tedious, unimpressive, and pretentious. and this, too, is true of decameron. it is also, sadly, true of virtually every pasolini film it has been my misfortune to endure.

the tragedy is that this piece of rubbish was part of my curriculum while i was studying cinema. so imagine how i was forced to watch it in complete. believe me going through hell is much much easier. our professor told us that this is some film ???, but he never thought that we'd disagree or assume the apposite. i don't think that there is any gods on earth, we're only humans, so all the filmmakers, therefore they can make mistakes, bad movies.. or very bad too. the main problem wasn't that art, by all means, is susceptible to endless points of view, but that a lot of people just don't get it, that every single human got his own genuine taste, his own opinion, hence what i suppose it the greatest movie ever made, can also be your worst one ever, and how that is right both ways, but how many people can understand this correctly?. so my professor believes in this movie, and simply i don't. however, the only way to evaluate this "thing" is by measuring it by its original intent to show us different kinds of old folk stories or whatever to catch on this society's mentality, imagination, and nature. to tell you the damn truth mr. pier paolo pasolini as the scriptwriter and the director made it too unbearable to watch in the first place. the movie is so ugly. i can't stand this, so how about analyzing it, then discovering the potential beauty in it !! it's beyond your mind hideousness, and strangely not for the sake of the movie's case or anything, it's for the sake of the unstable vision of (pasolini). his work is so primitive to underdeveloped extent. the deadly cinematic technique, the effective sense of silliness, and the incredible horribleness made everything obnoxious. look at the atrocious acting, the unfruitful cinematography, the awfully poor sets, .. oh my god i've got the nausea already. it can terminate your objectivity violently as watching this movie is one true pain like taking the wisdom tooth off by a blind doctor. there are dreadful nightmares which could be more merciful than this. so originally, how to continue that just to review it fairly ? actually, you don't. as this very movie doesn't treat you fair at all. there is really memorable scene in here where some boys are peeing into the eye of the camera (!) i'm trying to connect some things like that with pasolini's end as murdered.

though the title may suggest examples of the 10 commandments, it is a definitely incorrect assumption. this is an adaptation of 9 seemingly unrelated stories from giovanni bocaccio's 14th century "decameron" story collection.set within a medieval italian town's largely peasant population, it is a diatribe on the reality of sex (and its consequences) within that world and time. a realistic view of life within this world, it sometimes feels like a journey back in time.given the depicted human element of its time, one can also see the more adventurous side of morality in its protagonists - as well as the ironies of life, at times. or it may also be viewed as a general satire of the catholic church's rules.nothing terribly special, but definitely interesting if one comes with no expectations or assumptions.

yeah, i "get" pasolini and his milieu, but at the same time, i feel his "decameron" is largely overrated, and more than a little disturbing. overrated because the supposed "realism" he introduces (milling crowds, crumbling architecture, etc.) are mooted by the absurd and downright goofy way that the characters behave. in the pursuit of realism, pasolini utilized many non-actors, but their deer-in-the-headlights stares and painfully awkward line delivery gives the whole a terribly off-kilter and inconsistent feel. and frankly -- many of the toothless, misshapenly-featured people are painful to look at.and pasolini's "decameron" is disturbing (to me at least) because of the casual and prevalent homosexual content. not because i'm prudish or homophobic (i'm neither) but because the emphasis that pasolini places upon homoerotic images and situations is contrary to the neo-realism he otherwise espouses, so it comes off as gratuitous and forced. one can almost hear him say "ooh--i've got to stick a cute, naked boy in this scene!" at times it seems that pasolini is trying to play up the homosexual angle to thumb his nose at critics, and at other times because he enjoys that aspect himself, regardless of what his audience might prefer.the disjointedness of the 9 or 10 different stories in pasolini's "decameron" struck me as being a failing of pasolini as a storyteller, rather than being an aspect of neo-realism. he seems to get bored with each story and so he wraps them up rather unconvincingly and with little conviction. even the pasolini's final line of dialog in the film, which some people seem to find pithy ("why create a work of art when dreaming about it is so much sweeter?") -- to me, it just makes me wonder why pasolini would bother making a film if he felt this way? in my opinion, a far better-crafted film (and with more homosexual content) is fellini's "satyricon". it is also full of bizarre-looking people and absurd situations, but it succeeds because of its pacing, direction and strong storytelling whereas "decameron" fails by those same elements.

what a crappy movie! the worst of the worst! this movie is as entertaining as a dead slug. no-talent-what-so-ever-actors, stupid plot. who wrote this script?! was there ever a script for this goofy movie or did the director just accidentally press the record-button on his camera and then decided to make the film up as they went along? is this meant to be a kids movie or a comedy or what? my friends younger brother is in the 6.th grade and him and his classmates just did an amateur-movie for their school-project which outdid this geeky movie.. this is by far the worst film i have seen in my life! there is just no excuse for this flick!

i have never seen a movie as bad as this. it is meant to be a "fun" movie, but the only joke is at the start, and it is not funny. if you like this sort of movie, then you may just be able to give it a vote of 2. if it had the necessary votes, it would truly belong on the bottom 100.

what is it? is a mish-mash of bizarre recurring motifs (snails, shirley temple, swastikas, and overtly racist music, among others) unfettered by any sort of narrative or plot or character development. the whole thing struck me as self-consciously "freak show," and i don't mean only the unusual casting decisions. it has the feel of a bad acid trip, far beyond any level of drug use one might attribute to hunter s. thompson or william s. burroughs. the only movie to which i can compare it is eraserhead (my second-least-favorite film of all time), which was by intent much more depressing, but i still found what is it? a total waste of my time. it's one thing to give me a peek into the inner workings of someone else's mind -- even someone else's chemically altered consciousness -- but quite another to just throw weird visuals at me purely for the sake of weirdness.

i saw his film at the ann arbor film festival. i am a film student at the univeristy of michigan so i know a thing or two about film. and crispin glover's film is outrageous. he basically exploits the mentally challenged. not only is shirly temple the anti-christ (which i admit is a little funny) telling the mentally challenged to kill each other, but there is an obsession with killing snails. crispin also plays with the idea of being in love with one of his actors who is as they all are, mentally challenged. peta and human rights should be all over this thing. it's not 'counter-culture' as crispin stated at the ann arbor film festival, it's exploitation.

i saw crispin glover's "what is it?" at the ann arbor film festival. admittedly, the film was at least aptly named, because i got the distinct sense that even the writer/director could provide no answer. at the question and answer session after the screening, mr. glover said that the film was originally meant to be a short film to show the virtue of using actors with down-syndrome. however, this is in itself not enough of a reason to create a film. actors are, in my opinion, building blocks for a larger vision - a larger vision that seemed muddled at best and absent at worst.crispin glover also said that he wanted to address taboo subjects. well, he does do that. but why? the film seems to have no stance, no reason for addressing anything. does he feel these things shouldn't be taboo? the film doesn't even give me an indicator of that. taboo for the sake of taboo is not interesting. it can't even afford to make the taboo disturbing or inciting on any level because he hasn't made the audience care in any way. ignoring problems with the concept for a moment, the thing that actually shocked me most was how poorly the film was put together. the editing, cinematography, and other technical aspects seemed frequently to be extremely amateur. glover said 125-150 thousand dollars went into the movie, and i feel that the money should have been spent on different designers (glover actually did some design himself - i know i saw at least sound design in the credits). the painted sets are okay (not great), but used poorly. parts feel like a photographed stage play - which would be fine if that went to any sort of purpose, but in glover's hands it just feels sloppy. other parts are filmed like a sort of home movie, of inferior quality to a lot of the stuff i see first-time filmmakers do on imovie.perhaps the biggest problem with "what is it?" is i can't even understand how seriously the film is to be taken. there are some parts that feel like glover is screaming at you to think seriously. at other points, he seems off on his own little joke. perhaps he meant for this to be ironic, or meaningful in some way, but i just felt that glover couldn't even get himself to give his film any sort of serious attention.glover said he originally wanted it to be a short film. if only it had been. at seventy-two minutes, the film runs out of imagery and ideas in the first twenty, and it is arguable if the ideas were formulated enough to claim that they were even there for that period of time.

i firstly and completely and confidently disagree with the user who calls this a "spoof". crispin glover is very serious about his film. he personally introduced the film at the screening i saw in chicago. he had worked on the film for years and it is the first in an intended trilogy. "what is it?" is crispin glover's attempt at an art film in the vein of those he idolizes by herzog, lynch etc.i had heard rumor of this film years ago "epic porno movie with all down-syndrome cast directed by crispin glover". when it finally came out i watched the trailer on-line and read the synopsis and i was foaming at the mouth with anticipation. ...i went to chicago to see it and it was a major disappointment. if he took out the goofy sh*t, such as the pot-smoking grandma, and the dancing dolls, he would be left with something much better, but only about 10 minutes long.in other words just watch the trailer, be entertained, and leave it at that. there are some striking images and fantastic juxtapositions and phrases, but its lack of focus amounts to disappointment.

*may contain a spoiler of sorts?* the mere mention of crispin glover is enough to send some geek's panties in a bunch. his landmark appearance in back to the future as george mcfly has sealed him into the american conscience forever. more recently, he has been trying to get back into the culty subconscious with bartleby and willard.this time, however, crispin has made a 76-minute, cheap dada film. at times it reminded me of genius, while overall it almost insulted me, but not because of its content. content? what is it? is a movie where, in one half of the movie, all of the actors have down's syndrome, giving it a freakshow feel to it. the other half of the movie includes crispin glover, adam parfrey, and a guy with cerebral palsy. this all had the feel of what john waters was attempting to do with desperate living, and simultaneously feeling more successful and failing miserably.the half with the down's syndrome actors also features many many killed snails. it is about a guy who has snails, and ends up killing one. he is also tormented by a bunch of other people, and a grasshopper. he falls in love with 2 girls, one of which he has sex with in a graveyard. he also has a falling out with a friend who teases him.in a weird semi-interior set, crispin glover is the director of this show. he is something like the control of the guy's mind, and the cerebral palsy guy is something like the sexuality. well, he at least gets masturbated in explicit scenes. there is other "shocking" imagery made humorous, like nazi swaztikas crossed with shirley temple, and minstrels in black face saying they're michael jackson.in the outside world, the tormentor is still dealing with his love of killing snails and being beaten by the other people. they beat him with rocks, and such. later, they beat the minstrel after putting him on trial.back to the interior, crispin glover is still the ruler of his set, and tries to control everybody, but fails miserably.what is it? makes less sense than dr. caligari, and has more than a passing style stolen from it. the claustrophobic mental space feels very much like the way the no-wall sets of dr. caligari felt claustrophobic. they also had some dialogue that was absolute nonsense. and, it was all wrapped up with absurdist imagery for humor.the problem is, about 20 minutes into the movie...maybe a little more...what is it? runs out of imagery. for the next 56 minutes, we keep running on the same sets of images, only introducing new imagery in the form of an absurdist puppet show. the movie seems little more than a movie which attempts to push the envelope in offensive and taboo imagery. it tries to mock and confuse the audience. but, the issue is that it only has enough different imagery for a 40 minute movie.even worse than that, the cinematography, set design, and everything else felt very very cheap and almost unplanned. it felt like "ok, this is the way we can do it and get it out of the way." it didn't feel interesting, and was quite...boring. dr. caligari, on the other hand, had amazing cinematography and framing. the difference between the two is quite astounding.rating: c

the words "swedish" and "action movie" do not mix. that becomes more and more obvious with every attempt made in the genre. this is yet another failed attempt.lasse brunell (shanti roney) works at a military air base with top secret computer systems. one day foreign criminals threaten to hurt his family if he doesn't do what they tell him. they want the secret equipment and will do anything to get it.this movie has it's ups and downs. and usually in swedish action movies there are no "ups", just "downs". so i guess something in this movie showed some quality. to begin with the positive remarks i can mention that the movie is technically well made. the footage of planes and helicopters flying are well shot and look very nice. the acting is of very varying quality. shanti roney makes a decent performance while maria bonnevie is stiff and unnatural as usual (i wonder how long swedish directors are going to keep using her even though she has the acting skills of a wooden plank?). stefan sauk is laughable as the "cool" special forces man who comes to the base to investigate.and what about the action scenes? well as i said above the scenes of planes and helicopters flying are nice. but aside from that there is not much action to talk about. and that is a common problem with swedish action films. there is just not enough action going on. maybe it's a budget problem, maybe it's film-making culture. i don't know, but it negatively affects the experience. because quite frankly, the story and acting is not good enough for this movie to rely just on that.i rate this 4/10 for effort.

a film as bad as this should be withdrawn from all stores world wide. so full of boring, dull, unimaginative characters, and with a lead character with such an annoying attitude and dry voice constantly giving a thoughtless voice over for every action and feeling, this film holds the record for the most challenging film i have ever watched. as i had payed money to own it, i felt a duty to see it through, and how i regret it. my head hurt throughout because of the terribly dull characters and their pointless, plot less lives. a bunch of kids who have zero knowledge about anything, are all frigid and worst of all, have terrible dialogue throughout, just mulling around as the main character tries to get a date with the girl. boring, so much so my friend was shaking with hatred and i was red with embarrassment that i'd thrown away £6. the dvd was on ebay the following day, and i didn't make much of my money back. avoid like the plague.

this movie is one of the most awful i've ever seen. not only is the dialogue awful, it never ends. you'll think it's ending, but it's not. how long is it, 140, 160 minutes? i don't even know. i do know that i'll never watch it again. it's like someone took a romantic comedy, took out the comedy, then decided to downplay the romance, leaving us with the pile of crap that managed to make its way to the screen. but don't take my word for it, find out for yourself how terrible this film is.

after watching about half of this i was ready to give up and turn it off, but i endured to the end. this is a movie that tries to be a romantic comedy and fails. the acting is poor---much worse than the acting in 80s t&a movies.there are several attempts at humour that fail miserably and the movie is 100% predictable. perhaps if you are a teenager this movie will hold some appeal, but for those that have seen many movies, you will know how the film turns out after the first 10 minutes. the rest of your time will be spent in agony waiting for the ending credits to roll.don't waste your time watching this.

as others have noted, this movie is criminally inaccurate in its portrayal of the artist's life and i for one was very annoyed and offended... by its transformation of her rape into a tragic love affair, by the implication that her rapist was responsible for 'awakening her talent,' by its complete disregard for her work, by the way it turned her into a sex object, on and on, you get the idea. also, i find it disturbing that people who aren't familiar with gentileschi will see this film and walk away with that kind of impression of her.

i am currently sitting here, forcing myself to finish this. i figure i blew 6 bux on the vhs, might as well suffer for it. i remember about 4 or 5 years ago doing a search on the internet for "war of the worlds" cause of the rumors of the spielberg movie at the time, and i missed the old tv series from the early 90's. the website make it out that this was a multi-million dollar budget rendition of the classic book. it was going to be a "perfect translation". perfect crap is more in tune with this film.first off, the video on this movie was glitched! it looked as if i was watching the full motion video from an old mid-90's pc or playstation cd-rom video game. sadly enough, the color quality was similar. the acting made shatners classic "dramatic pause" look damn near shakespearean in quality. the cg rendering of various scenes was horrendous, and green screen sequences were worse than those seen in old dukes of hazardd scenes.secondly, it is slow and terribly drawn out. i sat thru 45 minutes of the video (no promo's at the beginning) before the cylinder actually opened to reveal the first alien. after that, the alien was a terribly constructed cg squid. i am now an hour into it and the most of the alien weaponry i have seen is a spinning silver disk (crappy down even) attached to a mechanical arm. the dramatic scenes are murdered with overly done instrumental's. the last thing on that, for an alien invasion in the turn of the century 1900's no one is concerned for their life. it's like they have no concept. even though media was slow, word of mouth spreads fast and people would have known. the "illusion" of day and night was shoddy at best. simply changing the color around the people to purple, blue or green does not signify night time. perhaps some lighting and actual night time shoots would have given a much better illusion. there is a lot of wasted sequences throughout the film of just watching the "hero" gallop around or walk down silly roads. get on with the film. i know how people get around, you do not need to be so in-depth.now, finally an hour and 5 minutes into the film and they show the alien machines. mighty morphin power rangers had better looking effects. even the skeletons of vaporized humans looked as if animated by a freshman high school computer app class student. the animations do not match up to the scenery at all.in closing folks, if you want "the war of the worlds", do one of four things. 1) watch the 1953 original, 2) watch the early 90's tv series, 3) wait for spielberg's rendition to be released shortly, or 4) read the frikkin book (something we all probably did in elementary english class). avoid this movie. it is a waste of your money.

normally when i write a review for a movie online, it is for one of three reasons. either, i have found something exceptionally lacking in a film that otherwise would have been excellent, i feel that the public's perception of a film before viewing it is inaccurate for a number of reasons, or i believe that the purpose or message of a film needs to be clarified or explained with the help of other reviewers. while all of these reasons may appear to be somewhat negative, i find that writing a review that lavishes nothing but praise and statements such as, "this is one of the best films of all time!", does nothing to enlighten a potential viewer on its merits and downsides, nor does it often give reasoning as to why a movie is so good, which should be the point of the review in the first place. with that being said, war of the worlds is nothing more than a hurried, incompetent attempt at a money grab; piggy-backing its loathsome carcass on the multi-million dollar advertising campaign of the film of the same name directed by steven spielberg. many people will buy this dvd in anticipation of the summer blockbuster and many more poor souls will buy it looking for more material on the same subject. this movie is not even "so bad" that it becomes funny or endearing, rather the audience will be so unbelievably disappointed as to reach the point of anger. now with most of the insults out of the way, allow me to give some arguments as a warning to those more fortunate than i. judging from the cover and the lack of any publicity for this film (i found it as sam's club for 8 bucks), i assumed that the cast would be no-names and that the special effects would be nothing too spectacular. check. this is not a big deal for me, as i find a large budget and an over-reliance on big name stars and se can diminish an otherwise decent movie. i also did not expect to be blown away by great dialog or a moving score. check again. what i did hope for was an actual serious attempt at a classic theme and a few alien/battle scenes. now, as per imdb's policy any spoilers must be announced in advance, no matter how small, so here is fair warning. the movie opens with a lot of inane small-talk, followed by a trip to an observatory to look at a red dot. seriously, it is a pictures of a red dot in a tube. it is very hard to describe every little issue in depth, but by the end of the first ten minutes, the combination of shaky camera-work, spliced scenes, and a lot of walking begin to frustrate the viewer. however, the costuming is surprisingly not bad and the hope that the pods will reveal something mysterious keeps you going. the next 30 minutes basically go as follows: one of the main characters walks to one of the pods, he looks at the pods and talks to another main character about looking at the pod and it may be hot. they both walk back to town. these walks aren't two seconds or added so that dialog may be exchanged. they are twenty seconds or more and are there simply to add filler to an already bloated three hour movie. in a particularly grueling scene, the main character is shown looking at a pod, then he is shown pacing and panting, then he looks at the pod, then he takes a one minute walk through a field to town, then comes in to town and walks into a building, then he has a cup of coffee and says "thank you mary" to a random maid that serves him coffee, then he puts down the coffee and walks out the building, then he walks a minutes through the field and back to the pod. i apologize for the extreme run-on sentence, but it is perhaps the best way to summarize this entire film. characters speak way too long about mundane things, they walk a lot, they send other people to walk, the camera fluctuates between high speed and slow speed, but for no dramatic effect, simply the camera man is a sophomore at tech somewhere. the editing is mind-bogglingly bad. people actions make little sense. for instance, when the professor goes to a farmer's house and says that he needs the farmer to give him a ride to town, the farmer stutters and paces around. when the professor says that there is a pod and that men might be trapped inside, the farmer locks him in a shed only to see the professor grab a pitchfork and open the weak shed a second later. nothing of any consequence of course comes from this entire scene, as the professor runs into the main character a moment later so they can begin their afternoon walk. the entire film feels as if someone at one point had a good idea about making a film, but absolutely no idea how to put that in motion. i have seen better high school video productions. finally, the special effects are laughable and do nothing to advance the story. i get the feeling that the director really wanted this film to become somewhat of a cult classic of campy garbage. however, it is so awful in technical aspects, and in sheer common sense that it only makes people mad. avoid this film at all costs.

my children watch the show everyday that its on. its a great program for younger children. however they need to stop showing re-runs and do some more actual shows and get rid of rooney's and deedee's yellow teeth. moe is the only doodle bop with clean white pearlie teeth and the children notice these things and ask if the 2 don't ever brush their teeth? does the show ever make its way to the united states and if so where can we find its schedule at. and one other thing if we might be able to add. moe you need to stop hiding so much. sometimes when you pop up out of no where you scare the younger children and whats with the pulling of the rope? what does that signify? other then getting wet all the time. they need to add newer things to their show instead of the same ole same ole. kids loose interest that way.

this show stinks. for parents, they usually want their kids to watch something good for them. it is usually educational, funny, and bright.is it educational? no. the doodlebops sing and that's it. they usually sing about themselves, they don't try teaching anything.is it funny? no. the doodlebops instead say something which is not intended as a joke, and laugh at it.is it bright? it's so bright, it's painful. as far as color,s everything is extremely bright, so that's good. but nothing is ever wrong in the world of the doodlebop's. therefore, they are always happy. a kid in trouble will become depressed because they have never been exposed to being sad.the show is also extremely cheesy. every syllable is said to the highest level of exaggeration and very corny. it's overkill.for kids, it's entertaining, but past the age of 2 you won't want your kids to see it. they'll never know how to grow up.

