this film had a lot of promise, and the plot was relatively interesting, however the actors, director and editors seriously let this film down.i feel bad for the writers, it could have been good. the acting is wooden, very few of the characters are believable.who ever edited this clearly just learnt some new edit techniques and wanted to splash them all over the film. there are lots of quick 'flashy' edits in almost every scene, which are clearly meant to be symbolic but just end up as annoying.i wanted to like this film and expected there to be a decent resolution to the breakdown of equilibrium but alas no, it left me feeling like i'd wasted my time and the film makers had wasted their money.

the action in this movie beats sunny bhai in gadar. akshay kumar possess the superpowers of leonidus in 300, neo in matrix along with spiderman and superman. it is hilarious. except for the typical akshay kumar and anil kapoor comedy i cannot see anything positive in this film. the story looks like the writer told his 10yr old son to write. the movie is so unreal that anil kapoors long range shooting with a shotgun is the least most mistake by the director. except for the directors tashan to make this movie there is no other tashan. i regret wasting my money on this movie and i would not recommend it to anybody. 1/10 is the least i can give on imdb or i would give it a zero.

i had a lot of expectations from this movie and more so since it was a yashraj film.jimmy operates a call centre and one day he is invited by pooja singh to teach her boss, lakhan singh, english. the two fall in love and decide to run away but pooja tells jimmy that she can't do this as she owes a debt to lakhan singh, who is also known as bhaiyyaji. but they decide and steal money from him and its only then that jimmy finds out that bhaiyyaji / lakhan singh is a don. in the meantime, bhaiyyaji hires a man, bachchan pandey, to track down jimmy and pooja.starring saif ali khan, kareena kapoor, anil kapoor and akshaye kumar, the movie is directed by first time director viay krishna acharya and is produced by both aditya chopra and yash chopra."tashan" has to be one of the worse films that i have ever watched. yes! the scenery is good and kareena kapoor (and her much publicised weight loss) looks good. but plot is extremely thin on story and at times makes no sense from one scene to the other - hence why i have said at the beginning that i had expected more from this film as it was a yashraj production. with reference to songs, unfortunately, there is not one song that i can remember now.there are moments where one can laugh and that is mainly thanks to akshaye kumar and saif could have definitely done better while kareena kapoor played her part well. but this cannot be said for anil kapoor - it did not suit him at all as a villain. lastly,never mind aditya chopra, who in the past has produced and directed good films such as "mohabbatein," what was yash chopra doing by producing such a trash movie? conclusion: bad movie, not worth wasting your time and that is my first and last impression.

i had no idea what the film is about before i saw it because tashan only had teaser trailers while it was being promoted. so i asked my friends if they knew anything about it and they said that "it is the directorial debut of vijay krishna acharya who wrote the screenplays for dhoom 1 & 2 and saif ali khan's son ibrahim makes his debut in the film by playing him as a child in his flashback".after watching it, i understood that why their wasn't a proper trailer because there wasn't anything in the film to show. the story was extremely dum and even a 10 year old child can come up with a better story-line. there was hardly any action and the camera shook at every possible angle there is and it's difficult to figure out that who is killing who. also the action was daft & unrealistic e.g. 1 man with a handgun managed to kill about 100 men with machine guns.while i was watching tashan it reminded me of 3 films:sin city: during the opening credits.koyla: anil kapoor's terrible english like amrish puri in koyla.jhoom barabar jhoom: the outrageously ridiculous jokes that are not even a jot funny.i also heard the budget is 40 crores which is the same amount as dhoom 2 and i don't know where all the money went to. anyway if you did not like dhoom 2 then there is absolutely no chance that you will like tashan. race was hot on heels and that is a million times better.the only 2 good songs are dil haara & challiya and both songs are shot in greece at good locations but what is the use of it in a rubbish film? even anil kapoor's terrible english couldn't save this discomfiture.

tashan - the title itself explains the nature of the movie.this type of movies are actually made for flop. what a shame that yash raj films produces such movies those are worthless than c-grade movies. or even some c-grade movies have better and pleasing story than tashan. the much hyped and over-confidently promoted tashan poorly bombed at the box-office which it certainly deserved.in my view, this is the worst movie ever made from honourable yash raj films' banner. how come they handled such a heavy project to new vijay krishna acharya who has no actual sense of making action flick? he tried to imitate sanjay gadhvi's ways of making like dhoom but he suffered at last. the action scenes are more like than comics or cartoon movies made for exhausting the audiences.the story also loses in its meaning and substances to tenderly win the audiences' hearts. in most scenes anil kapoor reminds me of southern tamil star rajnikant in his body languages and wordly expressions. i am not a fan of neither saif nor akshay, but the award of kareena should have finally gone to saif''s hand instead of akshay. just from the starting point i expected of it, but at the end it displeased me with the climax truth. saif is the main behind the whole adventure, while akshay joins in the midst. in any movie, the final should be judged with the whole characters of the entire story and the award or say reward should be given to the one who deserves credit. and tashan loses in this way, and unexpectedly failed to become a hit.akshay's has nothing new to show off his comedian talent here but still reminds of his previous movies. he seriously need to form a new image to his fans that would impress them again and again. in between saif did a great job in race, and now he returned again in his hilarious nature through this movie. but he has fully developed himself in the acting field. and last but not the least about kareena. she looks really hot with bikini dress of which some complain as she became too lean. but i myself don't think so, instead she became slim. yes slim!!! it is a good factor for a female to attract the major people (or say, male). beside them it is nice that saif's son ibrahim appears in the beginning & last as young saif. i hope now he too will lean forward in target of making acting as his career.those who like this tashan they are either mentally immatured or still want to go back to childhood, or say want to be admitted in an asylum. thumbs down to debutante director vijay krishna acharya who mishandled the project offered by yash raj films. in future he should experiment and study the script minimum of 5 years before going into practical directions.sorry, i don't like to rate good stars to this type of junk movies.

i just saw the movie in theater. the movie has very few good points to talk about. kareena's beauty and a couple of songs may be. thats it. the movie is a complete disappointment in all areas. anyone associated with the movie will be disappointed, even mumbai indians too (just now chennai has made it to semi-final). but the worst i feel about the movie is the action scenes. now days bollywood is trying to copy action scenes from hollywood. but they forget that hollywood directors takes a lot effect to make it look like real. but unfortunately bollywood directors do not have that much of time. they spend their time on songs and publicity of the movie. now such too stupid action scenes may work in south as the audience just pay to watch their favorite actor killing bunch of people. but in bollywood this is certainly not going to work. all the action scenes i wish i could have forwarded. at the end even some chinese people appear from nowhere to beat akshay kumar. this is height of stupidity. audience is not paying to watch such stupidity. i think bollywood now should forget about the action movies. they cant make it. the last good action i have seen was from "ghatak" and "khiladiyon ka khialdi". the current scene in bollywood is really sad for action movie fans like me. does these people see their movie after completion? can't they figure out that the slow motion action (which is done using ropes) is too unrealistic and childish? better not to have action scenes if you cant handle it. i just want to go back to amitabh's era where movie like zanjeer and deewar were having thrilling action scenes. the sound effect was not very effective in those days, but visually it is much better than current era scenes. this movie now should open the eyes of the bollywood movie directors. please don't make any more action movies, until you acquire the art of making it realistic.

the storyline was okay. akshay kumar was good as always and that was the only good thing about the movie. kareena kapoor looked bad. there was so hue and cry over her size zero but she did not looked good leaner. i don't know why the hell did anil kapoor accepted such a bad role. there was nothing much to do for him in the movie. just because it is a yashraj film does not means that an actor should accept the role however bad it is. said ali khan was alright. i think that it is high time that indian directors and producers start thinking of indian customers as intelligent lot. what are we ? fools!!!! what do they think, they will show 2 men taking on a swat squad to teeters and we will believe them. is the indian police so stupid that they are trying to nab some criminals.... they take an entire squad of 100 + policemen and no one was there to surround the palace. the action was crap and i have never seen such bad action. akshay kumar was between a circle of 30-40 policemen all shooting at him..... and he shooting back at them. none of the policemen's bullet touched him but he killed all the policemen. crap. crap.i think the fight director who thought of this scene should take retirement.i strongly recommend not to see this movie.

i was very displeased with this move. everything was terrible from the start. the comedy was unhumorous, the action overdone, the songs unmelodious. even the storyline was weightless. from a writer who has written successful scripts like guru and dhoom, i had high expectations. the actors worked way too hard and did not help the film at all. of course, kareena rocked the screen in a bikini but for two seconds. i think hindi stunt directors should research how action movies are done. they tend to exaggerate way too much. in chinese films, this style works because that is their signature piece. but, hindi cinema's signature are the songs. a good action movie should last no more than two hours and cannot look unrealistic. but, in the future, i'm sure these action movies will get much sharper. also to be noted: comedy and action films do not mix unless done properly. good luck next time.

if there is one film which is the worst of this year- it's tashan the first promo gave an indication that the film will be a boring dhoom 2 style film, and well i knew first only it would be a bad film whatever it maybe because of it being a yashraj film or maybe seeing the cheesy promo but this film gave me a shock, it was even worst then dhoom 2 and what i expected first saif's introduction which is boring then saif- kareena meet, kareena is so artificial and then anil kapoor oh god, what he is doing in such a weird film? what kinda role it is? what acting is he doing? his first scene is alright but then his act gets repetitive and he overacts then came akshay who provided some nice scenes, but then the film became more boring and with all the outdated stuff childhood romance, overdose of childish rajnikant style action scenes and all boring scenes the ending is another jokevijay krishna acharya would have got 3 films more to direct, if this film had worked, thats the strategy of yashraj, only money nothing else so vijay is another addition to their list of crap filmmakers music( vishal shekhar) is ordinaryperformances akshay kumar comes in the film as a whiff of fresh air, he actually provides some engaging moments saif ali khan is irritating, kareena is equally bad anil kapoor hams outrageously and spoils the show even more rest are okay

absolutely awful movie. utter waste of time.background music is so loud that you cannot understand speech. well if you really listen closely, whatever they speak is actually unintelligible.camera work is bad, editing is not present, background score gives a headache, action is shoddy, dialogs are unintelligible, acting is abysmal and well kareena used to look like a wrestler, now she looks like a starved wrestler. hell you can slim down but you cannot gain grace.after spending three hours watching a movie i want to like it, but this movie would not even allow me that pleasure. please if you want to torture yourself, go ahead watch this.

sometime i fail to understand what do the directors think when they make a movie... i had had a trauma after watching welcome (2007) and thought that they wont do it again. but after loads of amazing promos, tashan finally ended as heart attack.such amazing 3 songs in promo - dil haara, chhaliya and tashan mein..... and what u get in the movie? zero story, predictable plot, plenty of akshay kumar stunts and nothing interesting apart from watching kareena after her major weight loss...!!!music-wise another major disaster... in the music album, they have spent time on giving pathetic small dialogs of these 4 jokers and they haven't thought of giving the background song of the scenes when akshay kumar is doing stunts...! that song is such nice, quite comparable to tashan mein and that is not taken in the music album!!! :-( if you plan to watch this movie, i would say, watch it to listen to that background song which goes something like ...'bachchan bachchan pandey...'overall very disappointed even with the way bhaiyyaji has made attempt to speak bad english!go away man, i need to puke!

i had never thought the standard of yashraj films would ever degrade to such an extent! the film has a nonsense storyline which catches no interest.saif has over acted. kareena has improved her figure, but is not a good actress anyway. akshay is good. anil is also good. may i say the role wasn't good..great deal of cheapness is filled in. wondered if that was supposed to be the "comedy part" of the movie. just because last few movies were flops does that mean yashraj films should make this kind of rubbish? it has a history of so many good films. overall, i was totally disappointed with the movie.

the film lacks style, i mean original style. everything looks copied including action, first appearances in the movie, songs, dialog delivery, etc etc. yes, there the goof-ups were original, like in the beginning a car is shown with number up**** number and few seconds later it starts falling down a hill with number mh**** . that was one in many goof-ups of the movie :) anything good in the movie? yes, for kareena fans, if there are any, kareena in bikini. for akshay fans, his dialogs and action stunts. thats it. nothing else. so watch it on your own risk and don't blame the director or actors. director is already insane and actors, i pity them.

this movie is horrible. the acting is a waste basket. no crying, no action, hopeless songs. though the scenery is great. i have always wanted to go to greece.anyway, as for saif, you'd expect a great performance, but even he let down the people.akshay kumar, recognized as the pimp of bollywood and the voice of singhs. he was sensational in this movie. for only this performance, filmfare should introduce another award. the toiletries award for the worst performance. by the way the trophy should be a toilet seat.kareena kapoor. she first of all is not comparable to her sister karisma. in acting, in looks, or in body. she now wants to prove to herself that she surpasses her. she comes into this movie wearing bikini's and tank tops and short shorts. i really wonder why saif ali khan is letting his wife-to-be dress like that. but, she must've impressed some people dressing like that. and if you ask how, then consider every man is having an erection watching this movie. they are dreaming of having kareena kapoor in bed naked with a condom. including me. personally i think that she dressed like a whore, but i really liked it.i am forced to give it a 1/10, but i'd really give this movie a 0/10. an unachieved film.

...for this movie defines a new low in bollywood and has set the standard against which all c**p must now be compared.first off, the beginning did have elements of style....and if handled well, could have become a cult classic, a-la pulp fiction or a desi desperado...but the plot (was there one?) begins to meander and at one point completely loses it.throw in a deranged don with an obsession for english, a call center smart alec, a femme fa tale who can don a bikini and a saree with the same aplomb, a levitating, gravity defying hit-man and a cop with a hundred (or was it a thousand) black cat commandos on their trail....good ingredients in competent hands. but this is where i would like to ask the director: sir, what were you smoking?im sure this movie would be remembered in the annals of bollywood film making - for what must never be done - insult the intelligence of the most brain dead of movie goers. possibly the only redeeming feature in this desi matrix plus desperado plus grindhouse caper is the music...watch the videos...hear the airplay and you wont be disappointed. vishal- shekhar come up with some eminently hummable tunes. how i wish the director had spent the money in creating some more eye candy....as i sign off, i want to really, badly know how does akshay's bullet wound vanish in a microsecond...what were you editors doing? tashan, maybe...

the sight of kareena kapoor in a two-piece bikini is about the only thing that wakes you up from your sleep while watching tashan — the mega-disappointing, mind-numbing new film at the cinemas this weekend. bad films are bad films and we see some every week, but tashan is not just a bad film, it's a terrible film. terrible because it takes its audience for granted, terrible also because the filmmakers expect to get away without a plot or any common sense only because they've got big movie stars onboard.written and directed by vijay krishna acharya, tashan is what you'd describe as a road movie, but one that's going in all the wrong directions. saif ali khan stars as jimmy cliff, a call-centre executive who's hired to teach english to bhaiyyaji - that's anil kapoor playing an ambitious up gangster, desperate to go cool. jimmy's got his eye on pooja, the gangster's pretty young assistant (played by kareena kapoor), who uses jimmy to swindle her boss of 25 crore rupees. determined to recover his money and also to punish both jimmy and pooja, bhaiyyaji recruits his most trusted henchman to do the job. so you have akshay kumar as bachchan pandey, the gangster's faithful aide from kanpur, who tracks down the culprits and recovers the stolen money that's hidden across the length and breadth of the country.much like those bad eighties potboilers, tashan too is held together by a threadbare script centred on a vendetta plot. but the treatment's so over-the-top, so indulgent that it fails to establish any connect. instead of a coherent screenplay or a traditional three-act structure, you get a handful of set pieces around which most of the scenes are loosely constructed. that garish item song in the desert, the bullet-dodging action scene at a rajasthani fort, kareeena's bikini moment, even that ridiculous climatic action scene complete with shaolin monks, a water scooter zipping through a dirty naala, and believe it or not, even a dhanno-style horse-driven tonga. in all fairness, not all these set pieces are badly done - the item song in the desert is quite neat actually - but very little of it makes any sense in the larger picture, because you're just going from one piece to another without any help from the script really. little do you expect in a seemingly fast-paced road movie, to find a sickeningly sentimental flashback track about childhood sweethearts.you see the problem with tashan is nobody associated with this film knew what film they were making. what's more, i don't think they cared either - the film reeks of arrogance. arbitrarily packing in elements of every genre without actually bothering to stop and see if the mix does work, tashan is like an overcooked stew.there are films that kill you softly, and then there's tashan, a film that kills you with excess. packaged snazzily with glossy-finish camera-work, exotic locations and fancy costumes, every frame of the film probably cost lakhs to put together, but it still feels like a hollow piece in the end because the story doesn't hold. borrowing narrative from tarantino and style from stephen chow doesn't help either because they don't blend with the film's wafer-thin plot. one may have complained a little less if the characters were more engaging, but anil kapoor's grating hinglish dialogue makes you want to slit your wrists, and saif ali khan fumbles through the film foolishly, unable to find his feet. kareena kapoor, meanwhile, queen of over-the-top delivery, does a decent job. but of course, if tashan is salvaged to some extent, it's thanks to akshay kumar's irresistible presence and his spontaneous approach to the character. you cringe when he's cupping his crotch repeatedly, and you scowl when he delivers those double-meaning dialogues, but not for a moment can you take your eyes off the screen when he's up there.despite some good music from vishal-shekhar, the songs seem like they're only prolonging your misery. well that's because tashan is a test of your patience. in case you didn't know, tashan means style. i'm sorry to say, this film has none.

such a long awaited movie.. but it has disappointed me and my friends who had gone to see the movie on the first day.. from the trailers it looked like a action movie, but it turned out to be a out & out comedy(a bad comedy). but one thing that deserves appreciation is the acting by these professional actors, they've done their part of the movie very well. good acting, but i don't think that can save the movie.. india has been shot beautifully. kerala, rajasthan, (ladakh?) were all saturated with color, alright. nevertheless the way the intrinsic beauty of these places was shot made me want to find out exactly where those places were and when i could go there ;-)action sequences were shot very shabbily, no one could make out head & tail of the stunts, they've used akki(akshay kumar) very well but could've been done much much better..animation is the worst i've seen in recent movies(90's movies had better animation scenes i guess(initial scene where the car is falling off 'flying should be better word' the road into lake).and the movies name has been mentioned nearly every 20 to 30 mins, just to make sure audiences don't forget the movie name i guess..

i would have liked to write about the story, but there wasn't any. i would have liked to quote a couple of hard hitting dialogs from the movie but "hinglish" is only funny for like 5 minutes, after that its overkill. i would have liked to swoon over the 'keep-u-guessing suspense' but it was as predictable as... um mm, a yash raj movie (?). i would have liked to talk of the edge-of-the-seat action, but i don't like cartoons much. *sigh*all in all, this movie is perfect for: 1. people attempting suicide - i promise it'll push you over the edge 2. sado-masochists- this movie is way more effective than the barbed wire that silas guy in the da-vinci code wore. 3. people researching alternative ways to spread terrorism - i swear the audience leaving the hall seemed to be in a mood to kill someone 4. movie piraters: more power to them. if any movies deserves to not have the audience spending money to watch - this is it. 5.barnacles, most types of plankton & green algae - because almost all other living things would require an iq factor somewhat greater than what the movie offers. afterthought: the director of the movie, obviously, is a species of his own. ( and i hope to god that he is the only one of his kind..one is enough)things that could have made this a better movie: 1. a story 2. a choreographer 3. a screenplay writer 4. a stunt coordinator 5. a story (did i already say that?) 6. a director - preferably one who is not mentally challenged (although even one who was challenged could have done a better job) 7. anil kapoor=bubonic plague - avoid at all costs 8. a statutory warning - "watching yash raj movies is injurious to your mental health" ?things i liked about the movie: 1. kareena kapoor - for obvious reasons 2. the english sub-titles - "mera dil kho gaya" becomes - "my heart is in a void" , "chaliya chaliya chaliya" turns into "im a flirt, im a lover, im a vagabond" ..priceless.in short, tashan to me, is like the opposite of a rubrics cube - the cube is supposed to increase the iq of the player, tashan promises to lower your iq, and that.. in a mere 2.5 hours! woot!*sigh*..but thats just me. i could be wrong you've been warned anyways.

this is the biggest flop of 2008. i don know what director has is his mind of creating such a big disaster. the songs have been added without situations, the story have been stretched to fill the 3 hrs gap and most disgusting are the action stunts performed by the actors it's like everyone are having superpowers they can run in between the bullets are fire and nothing happens to them and one person fighting with 100 people. only the best performance was by anil kapoor man he is all time at his best playing the role of villain with a comic act speaking hinglish... akki is also done a good job.... but the movieee just forget it.

all the world said that the film tashan would be a good movie with great pleasure, but this is not the case. vijay krishna acharya made a serious mistake to take as an actress kareena kapoor. she was unbearable throughout the film. her tom-boy look does not really goes well. even the film the story of the film is not making sense at all. everyone said that the quetin taratino of india is vijay but its not at all quetin. the talent anil kapoor was involved in this stupid movie. anil is an actor of large caliber and this film is not. akshay kumar has also been a victim of this film as all is saif. the style and the phoormola is not really good in this film i was disappointed

i wasn't terribly impressed with dante's 1st season offering in "homecoming", it wasn't much of a horror story, but rather a smart political statement with the undead. screwfly situation is the story of a virus unleashed on the world that causes men's sexual drive to replaced with murderous tendencies toward women. the episode starts out all right with a short film explaining the way the screw fly was killed of by scientists. then there is short scene where a man is arrested when females bodies are discovered in his home. i assume this is supposed to show the beginning of the outbreak, but is unclear because this is never revisited. the episode go ons for a while introducing characters blah blah blah.it seems cool and mysterious but the episode stars to get worse and worse as it lurches forward until its sad and unsatisfying end. the worst episode. well, except for chocolate.

i've now written reviews for several of the moh episodes, and this is among the worst. an interesting premise at the beginning is completely abandoned by the time the credits roll. if watching people things they never would in real life amuses you ("let's check out the basement!"), then this is your show. except, it's not amusing or entertaining - it's just annoying.the extent of the virus is never, ever showed. i can very much overlook the fact that it affects men only, as the resulting situation is very, very frightening. but then things deteriorate as daughter lets obviously deranged dad into the home, and ultimately dies at his hands. the woman flees north, and runs into a few tens situations. then, some sort of spirit or alien or something appears and saves her (things that make you go huh?). or something. then, she is huddling for warmth. the end.awful. these directors are mailing this tripe in.

masters of horror: the screwfly solution starts as america is being infected by an airborne virus that affects the male population, when aroused men indiscriminately kill any woman in sight apparently in the name of god. scientist alan (jasn priestley) is brought in by the government & knows more than most & senses the situation may have gone too far already so he tells his wife anne (kerry norton) to take their teenage daughter amy (brenna o'brien) & try to survive as the future of the human race may depend on them...this canadian american co-production was episode 7 from season 2 of the masters of horrror tv series, directed by joe dante i thought the screwfly solution was pretty bad. i personally think the script by sam hamm sucks, it takes itself far too seriously & i don't really understand why it's part of the masters of horror series, the horror that the filmmakers are going for in the screwfly solution is in the actual story itself & themes & ideas it brings up rather than on screen visual horror particularly the tenuous ecological message it sees intent on ramming down our throats whenever it's gets the chance during it's short 60 odd minute running time which i felt itself was a problem as the thing just finishes out of what could easily be interpreted as necessity rather than any meaningful attempt to wrap things up. i wasn't happy with the inconsistencies with the story either, if men only kill when sexually aroused why does the flight attendant casually break that woman's neck on the plane? was he sexually aroused, i think not. why does every bloke then think he's killing in the name of god? i just can't see every single bloke on earth suddenly knowing the bible & starting to believe in god, i just found the notion ridiculous & the show also states clearly that there's nothing religious about what's going on so what's the deal with everyone thinking they have a divine to murder any woman they see? then there's the fact people get turned on by different things, what about gays for instance? will they kill guys instead of women? i know there's a brief scene which makes a joke out of the gay issue but it's conveniently brushed to one side & then there's the thing which annoyed me the most. the fact that presumably every bloke on earth has turned psycho & killed all the women they go about their everyday business like nothing ever happened, it just felt so stupid, the plotting is rubbish & to round things off there's a ending which looks like it was taken from a rejected episode of the x-files (1993 - 2002) with a bright neon alien.director dante on this showing definitely doesn't qualify as a master of horror as far a i'm concerned, the story is badly paced, it's just so stupid considering it's played deadly straight & instead of trying to make a proper horror show he turns in more of a thriller with it's deadly virus on the loose situation & the subsequent mother & daughter on the run because of it, there's very little here in the way of what i would call effective horror & even less gore. there's a scene when a woman is stabbed with a broken bottle, a brief scene after when a guy stabs his own groin with said bottle & another woman is stabbed in the stomach but nothing else to write home about.technically like the other episodes it's really good & it doesn't have the look of a cheap tv series, the special effects are great as usual & it's well made. the acting is alright but no-one really stood out.the screwfly solution is easily the worst masters of horror episode i've seen but bear in mind i haven't seen all of them... yet. as a stand alone piece of entertainment it did nothing for me & as a show made by a so-called master of horror it disappoints me even more.

i love the frequently misnomered "masters of horror" series. horror fans live in a constant lack of nourishment. projects like this (and the similar "greenlight project" with gave us "feast" - like it or lump it) are breeding grounds for wonderful thought bubbles in the minds of directors with a horror bent to develop and bring to maturation food for we who love to dine on horror.this one began with a kernel of really-kool-idea and ran ... right off the edge of "where in the world am i going with this?!!!".i don't know how to spoil the spoiled but "spoiler ahead" all of a sudden ... no, there was that light drifting across the night sky earlier ... we have long haired luminescent aliens (huh? ... huh?) brain drilling males and ... yeah, i get it but ... well ... the worst curse of storytelling - a rousing and promising set up without a rewarding denouement.cue to storytellers ... your build up has to have a payoff that exceeds build up. not the other way around. storytelling math 101.end of spoilers - big oops!

a huge disappointment from writer hamm and director dante. their previous collaboration on the first season's "homecoming" was twisted and darkly hilarious in all the right ways. this poor handling of an intriguing premise left me bewildered. the supposed "payoff" showing generic aliens extracting something from the brains of the infected psychopaths was completely unsatisfying and explained nothing. if the point of the story was an extraterrestrial "cleaning" of the planet of it's human infestation, why did they go about it in such a gratuitously sadistic and misogynistic fashion? why not just unleash a completely lethal virus a la stephen king's "the stand" instead of having the male population butcher the females? i kept hoping the episode would improve as i kept watching but it just got more pretentious and preposterous. the religious subtext simply seemed forced but it was clear sam hamm must have thought it was profound by the weight he gave it. i like a lot of both dante and hamm's work but this was just unwatchable.

i gave this 4 stars because it has a lot of interesting themes many here have already mentioned. from the domestic violence, to sexuality and many of the taboos therein. outside of the gore i really would not call this horror so much as i would science fiction.it's bleak, depressing and hopeless. while i don't mind a less than cheery ending, i'm really very tired of the "humans suck" cliché that's central to every movie. i know you can't get a liberal arts degree today without bowing to the alter of self-hatred as a member of the human race, but how's 'bout as a writer/director we pretend we are different than everyone else in the pack and notice that the aliens killing the human race are evil! right now, if you are reading this and believe that humanity deserves to die, just go out, find a lake and swim 'til your arms are tired. this way you won't be around to direct the next film or write the next book telling me i deserve to die for being alive. it's silly, not thoughtful, and boring.

warner bros. made many potboilers in the 1930s and most of them are fast paced, economical and very entertaining. i really love how the studio exploited the less glamorous elements of our daily life. this is one of warner's few hard-edged melodramas that simply doesn't work. edward g. robinson plays a ruthless editor of newspaper who resurrects the 20-year old story of a murderess with tragic consequences. robinson gives a lively performance but he is surrounded by actors that don't cut the mustard. h.b. warner, aline macmahon and boris karloff are good, but the bad acting of frances starr and anthony bushell in the second leads really hurts the movie. starr is particularly bad during her big dramatic scene near the end of the movie. in addition, the moralistic tone of the film seems ridiculous in the context of pre-code hollywood. leroy's direction is full of innovative visual touches but he cannot overcome the bad acting and the unintentionally funny situations. sol polito's camera work is strong. somehow, this piece of dreck got an oscar nomination for best picture (in a year that gave us "m," "dracula" and "frankenstein").

a little girl's dead body is found stripped of all possible means of identification. when it is discovered that one leg is longer than the other, it is assumed to be the body of a couple's missing daughter. after this trauma, the couple separates and the mother becomes addicted to tranquilizers and leads a miserable existence. all of this changes when one day, many years later, she receives a phone call from her daughter! with the help of an ex-cop and a reporter, she sets out on a journey to determine if her daughter is indeed alive. "los sin nombre" is a mess plot-wise, moves at an achingly slow pace, and is completely unscary. the saving grace is emma vilarasau, who does an outstanding job as the desperate mother. the best part of the movie is the ending, but i'm not sure it is worth enduring the rest of the film. beware of the english subtitles on the recent r1 release--they aren't very accurate.

i'm not alone in admiring the first superman movie, a film that richard donner executed masterfully. i am also not alone in scorning richard lester's superman 2... which brings us to the richard donner cut of the same movie, sadly it is still an absolute abomination.superman's world is one where suspension of disbelief is required in strong doses, but superman 2 stretches things too far. it doesn't matter who directed superman 2 because the script insults the intelligence of a first grader. in a sense there is no plot because the characters have zero motivation to act the way they do, unlike the original superman. with or without his powers, superman's strength (or lack thereof) is handled in the least believable manner. there is too much to criticize, so i will not bother. i condemn this movie... perhaps the slapstick in the lester version is more appropriate to the moronic script this movie is based on. super-duper bad.

i grew up on the 'superman ii' theatrical version ("s2t") and as a kid, i loved it more than part i since not only did it contain more superman and three superman-type villains, it started off with a bang – the best clark kent to superman transformations and rescue scenes. kids no longer had to impatiently wait for superman to appear on screen, as in part i. now as an adult, i can see how the mighty had fallen with s2t (see: my review.) i've always heard of the back-story on how they prematurely and unjustifiably fired the original's director, richard donner from part ii. (it must have been a rarity back then to film two separate movies simultaneously, now it's common: 'back to the future' and 'matrix' 2 & 3 for example.) unfortunately, after finally seeing the richard donner cut (or, "s2rd") i still can't fully recommend it. gone, was the great superman change scene, the entire paris rescue, as was the wonderful recap of part i in s2t's opening. in fact, they all but wrote the words: "previously on superman…" in s2rd. the special effects weren't great in either part i or s2t , but s2rd, they were mostly downright laughable – such as lois falling from the daily planet window. i will admit, some new scenes worked and some they took out were welcomed departures, such as any scene in the "honeymoon suite." overall, if you grew up on s2t as i did, and loved it as a child – not nitpicking as i do as an adult, you should absolutely see s2rd as it's almost a brand new childhood experience with dozens of new scenes. (spoiler alert) unfortunately, the worst change comes last: gone was also the weird amnesia kiss from s2t replaced with the exact same ending as 'i.' this is not only a lazy, unoriginal copout, it doesn't make sense on why clark would go back to that diner, if those events never actually happened. and will he continue to "turn back time" for every confrontation?

this show made me feel physically sick, and totally detached from british society as a whole. it was programmes such as this and blue peter that pretended that there were/are no class divisions in britain. they'd always say things like; "go into your loft and you may find this.." or "go into your back garden tonight and..." - what about us 'scummy' working class kids who never never had a "loft", and a "back garden" which was nothing more than a 1 meter square of balcony on the 14th floor of a council block? public service broadcasting - yeah right! and on top of that, it was awfully depressing to see those stupid, middle class, up-their-own-backside kids mess about with bits of old plastic having 'fun'... do me a favour, and "why don't you" go and slit your wrists or do a coke overdose on "mama and papa's" money... you make me sick

he was my hero for all time until he went along with {if you can call it a movie} i went to the show to watch it and come out and not just asking for me money back but asked for double the money thats how bad my hero's acting and the hole thing was.............i can't believe that steven segal's career has hit so low that he has been reduced to making 4th rate films with 5th rate secondary actors. i watched this moving expecting to see him beet the crap out of some people the way he usually does. when he is reduced to using a single judo chop between the shoulder blades to take out an opponent and the guy falls like a ton of bricks something is wrong.the plot is unbelievable as a movie, and even if you excuse the visuals, and had read this story as a novel, you'd be left wondering why you had even picked up the book.steven segal goes through the motions and seems as if he is only doing this because he is under obligation. he shows no effort and no enthusiasm, and in some scenes he doesn't show up at all.i hate to repeat other peoples comments, but the use of stock footage for cut scenes and for visuals of the aircrafts in flight is pathetic. the condition of those scenes chopped in, is shaky and scenes themselves seemed to have deteriorated over time. the zappruder film showing president john f kennedy being assassinated is steadier and cleaner.my honest opinion is to tell you not to waste your time seeing this movie, it is not up to the standards of his work in the glimmer man or exit wounds. i read one review that said the movie had a 12 million dollar budget (segal being paid 5 of that) and that the movie still came in under budget. i must concur.it is no wonder that this is a direct to dvd movie, as no conscientious theater owner would play this movie .

i can barely find the words to express how utterly utterly awful this film is. i was sold on the promise of action, with segal and stealth aircraft, which normally make for an entertaining action movie. i can honestly say i'd rather gouge my eyes out with a cocktail stick than have to see this film again. the acting was so awful that it was almost funny. the story was insanely weak, with plot holes so cavernously wide you could fly an f117 through them. the script was so poor, if i found out that a 10 year old wrote it i shouldn't be in the least surprised. the direction and production is so amateur, i wouldn't even hire these people to shoot my worst enemies wedding video. utter utter drivel. those responsible for making this movie have cheapened the art, and they should be ashamed of themselves. steven segal should never ever show his face in public again, i can't imagine what made him agree to star in this, the worst film i have seen in my entire life.

i own almost every seagal movie (yes even ones like this that are low budget), and i must say, this may be the worst, not only of his movies, but of all movies ever made. the only highlight of this film, and only reason i gave it 2 stars instead of 1, is that a. it is seagal, and b. seagal does have some sweet action sequences, specifically in the store, and also when ever else he takes out an entire army with a knife. next time give me 90 minutes of seagal killing people, and don't even bother with a story line, because the storyline not only stunk, but so did the acting, the fact that f-18's and f-14's somehow changed into f-16s, and also the fact that the stealth was as fast as an f-16. also the stealth never had to refuel??? and since when is afghanistan considered hostile territory from an air force stand point. last i checked, afghanistan has no air force, we (usa) control the skies. also, this top secret mission was played through speakers to all the crew in the room, yet the admiral still whispers to the other guy that it is secret. also, how did seagal go from the bottom of the truck, to the top? please tell us why they jailed him, since when are air force pilots great commandos (unless they are owen wilson?) and since when are their drunks in arab countries, considering muslims don't drink alcohol? also on top of that, since when do arabs listen to orders from females like the #2 in charge? the highlight of the film was definitely seagal killing people in the store, and the other 50 people he killed with a knife, as well as the very brief and totally random lesbian scene that came out of nowhere.

well, i can once and for all put an end to the question: 'what is the worst movie ever made...ever?' it is flight of fury, starring and co-written by steven seagal. sure there are lots of famously bad movies, but this one takes the cake in that it takes itself so seriously.it is a romanian-made film that speaks to just how far romania has to go to catch up with bollywood. it also speaks to just how utterly devoid of intellect and talent steven seagal has become. this movie is so bad that you literally feel violated after watching it and need to crouch in the corner of the shower and cry, knowing that nothing will make you feel clean again.it was released only on video (i can't imagine why) and i suspect the workers that had to make the dvd's had to wear protective gear and receive regular counseling.

star rating: ***** saturday night **** friday night *** friday morning ** sunday night * monday morning the american military has just launched a major new stealth fighter plane that can evade detection unlike any other. a renegade pilot (steve touissant) steals it and plots to hold the us government to ransom with it. so they are forced to send in their best man john sands (seagal, who else?) to stop him, in exchange for his freedom from a detention centre where his mind was to be wiped of all the incriminating information he's learned over the years.i skipped attack force because i could tell from the cover and all the post production tampering that had occurred that it would be crap and when all the negative reviews and low user rating came pouring in it just confirmed what i thought. but i decided to give fof a go because shadow man (by the same director) wasn't bad and, what the hell, seagal was my favourite action star once and maybe, just maybe, he could make a great film again. oh what a fool i was.dubbing, horrendous stock footage of aerial stealth fighter jets, awful camera work, cheap production values, risible, unconvincing fight scenes that have become seagal's trademark and a boring, sleep inducing plot that doesn't go anywhere.thankfully his next film, once upon a time in the hood (which i'll be skipping), apparently marks the end of his contract with sony, meaning no more of these awful european lensed action films and his next film prince of pistols might mark a return to theatres. hell, he's done it before and stallone will have managed to do it before him (rocky balboa.) this isn't a flight of fury. it isn't even a flight of fun. it's a flight that fails to even take off the ground. *

as steven segal movies go this one is bottom of the barrel. his best was just fodder for bored teenagers. this one tips the scales, then falls off. the characters are all cardboard. the story is double lame. i can't spoil it by telling you the ending. you already know how all steven segal movies end if you have seen one. here goes. he is a super-dooper government agent who know too much to turn loose so they decide, instead of killing him, to dope his brain until he don't remember squat. he escapes, of course, gets arrested and is located by his old general who needs his one man in a million experience to get back a stealth plane that has been handed over to a terrorist gang in afghanastan by a rogue air force pilot who, surprise, surprise, segal trained. all the heroes, except segal's character and his dusky girlfriend, die heroically and steve-baby save the whole world in one swell foop, or fell swoop. whatever. made with some surplus air force and navy flying film. and a lot of boom-booms. get some popeye cartoons instead.

steven seagal appears to be sleepwalking through a dreadful movie shot almost entirely in close-up to disguise the complete lack of budget and resources. to pick on the technical flaws - silver f/a-18s and f-14s take of from a carrier for an air-strike, and miraculously become camouflaged f-16s for the actual strike - would give this movie more credibility than it deserves. suffice it to say that the most interesting thing in the movie is the credit titles which fade on and then disappear in a lightning wipe, which presumably is available to all users of final cut pro. putting all your creativity into your own credit puts michael keusch in the same category as marcel mandu.

'flight of fury' is a shockingly dire but worst of all boring action film - i don't expect a lot from a seagal film, all i expect is to be moderately entertained for 90 or so minutes with some mindless action -unfortunately this doesn't even achieve that low expectation, the action scenes are few and far between, the plot (which is totally irrelevant in these films) is needlessly complicated and confusing with huge plot holes throughout, the acting is truly abysmal - bordering on embarrassing with seagal and his whispering one expression performance being the best among the sorry lot of 3rd raters - i find it hard to believe that anything close to $12m was spent on this dire mess unless $11m of that 12 was seagal's salary - i somehow doubt it! the one moment of any interest to straight guys or gay girls is that out of seemingly nowhere two hot chicks end up in a lesbian sex scene of sorts complete with huge baps on display other than that - it's mediocre stuff which is no different to many of the michael dudikoff b-movies i've endured1/10

i usually don't comment anything (i read the others opinions)... but this, this one i _have_ to comment... i was convinced do watch this movie by worlds like action, f-117 and other hi-tech stuff, but by only few first minutes and i changed my mind... lousy acting, lousy script and a big science fiction.it's one of the worst movies i have ever seen...simply... don't bother...and one more thing, before any movie i usually check user comments and rating on this site... 3.7 points and i give this movie a try, now i'm wondering who rate this movie by giving it more than 2 points ??????????

following the appalling attack force, chances were that seagal could only have a step up with flight of fury. to out-stink attack force would take some doing. flight of fury is a marked improvement overall, but still in the grand scheme of thinks, mediocre. mediocrity is seemingly an achievement for seagal these days, a sad insight into his movie career's decline. where attack force was a hodge-podge of plot lines altered drastically from conception, to filming, to post production, flight of fury keeps the plot line more simple. someone steals a high-tech stealth fighter, planning to use it to fire chemical weapons (which we later, bizarrely discover, will destroy the whole world in 48 hrs). seagal has to get the plane back. it's that simple, no annoying sub-plots, and conspiracies weighing the film down like far too many of his recent works. that's not to suddenly say the storytelling is good though, it's pretty poor. the introduction to side characters is badly done for example.in filmic terms fof is bad. it's badly acted by all involved, and seagal looks bored to tears almost. he's just got the look of a toddler who's been forced to perform the school nativity against his will, and so performs with a constant grimace and air of half assedness. can we blame seagal though when the material is so un-ambitious and cruddy? not really. this is the final film of his castel studio's, multi-picture deal. the producers can't be bothered to make anything remotely good, promising a 12 or so million dollar budget, and (after seagal's obligatory 5 million) probably pocketing a nice hefty chunk of it themselves (if the film was made for the remaining 7 million, then i'm elvis pressley!). so in that respect why should seagal put the effort into a film that's already got distribution sorted before it's made. fan's though may argue, he at least owes them the effort. he's seriously looking jaded, and the continued use of stand ins and dub-overs is further indication of this. michael keusch directs with some efficiency, while the cinematography is quite good, but in all technical areas (and as usual with castel, a bog standard stunt team) there's nothing more than mediocrity, and nothing to help the film rise above its material, and bored leading man. again there's a few action scenes focusing on characters other than seagal, which in all truth we don't want to see.overall the action isn't too bad. it's nice and violent, and on occasion we're treated to a few vintage nasty seagal beatings, but overall nothing special. partly due to a poor stunt crew, and the lack of time to film anything too complex or exciting. for me, shadow man was a more enjoyable film, because while ignoring the incoherent, jumbled, plot line, there were more vintage seagal moments, and more of him in centre stage. he never disappeared for long periods during the film. seagal disappears bizarrely during one action scene here, and re-appears after, with little explanation. there's far too much stock footage used. using stock shots isn't an entirely horrendous thing, but using it as a crutch is. we're treated to countless establishing shots of naval ships, all the time, which get annoying. plus the continuity of the stock footage is all over the place (just check the backdrops, chopping and changing).the film is just middle of the road. it says it all that the films best scene is a completely needless, and gratuitous girl on girl scene, with two hot chicks. seagal even perks up briefly then too! overall this may be one of the better stock footage based actioners out there, but that's not saying much at all. this will please many fans, but they should bear in mind, seagal himself would probably want to forget this one's existence. **

i can't believe that steven segal's career has hit so low that he has been reduced to making 4th rate films with 5th rate secondary actors. i watched this moving expecting to see him beet the crap out of some people the way he usually does. when he is reduced to using a single judo chop between the shoulder blades to take out an opponent and the guy falls like a ton of bricks something is wrong.the plot is unbelievable as a movie, and even if you excuse the visuals, and had read this story as a novel, you'd be left wondering why you had even picked up the book.steven segal goes through the motions and seems as if he is only doing this because he is under obligation. he shows no effort and no enthusiasm, and in some scenes he doesn't show up at all.i hate to repeat other peoples comments, but the use of stock footage for cut scenes and for visuals of the aircrafts in flight is pathetic. the condition of those scenes chopped in, is shaky and scenes themselves seemed to have deteriorated over time. the zappruder film showing president john f kennedy being assassinated is steadier and cleaner.my honest opinion is to tell you not to waste your time seeing this movie, it is not up to the standards of his work in the glimmer man or exit wounds. i read one review that said the movie had a 12 million dollar budget (segal being paid 5 of that) and that the movie still came in under budget. i must concur.it is no wonder that this is a direct to dvd movie, as no conscientious theatre owner would play this movie .

humphrey bogart clearly did not want to be in this film, and be forced to play a part-mexican or he would have been suspended. believe me , he made the wrong choice! presumably, after the success of "dodge city", warners tried a follow-up with errol flynn and his usual list of buddies, like alan hale, guinn (big boy) williams, frank mc hugh and the ever-present john litel, but they made the huge mistake of trying to present miriam hopkins as a love interest for flynn v. randolph scott, and as a singer to really make things bad, because she proved one thing, and that is she cannot sing. the story was not too bad, but with bogie clearly miscast also, it turned out to be a poor western that was overlong, and on a low budget, but in fairness, color would not have helped.

it has been said, "a city on hill cannot hide itself" and virginia city, nevada, perched on the side of mt. davidson at 6200 ft. west of tahoe, is a prime example, or in the context of the movie, should be. virginia city exploded in the american dream as a shower of gold and silver, suspiciously the same year the civil war began. it was the birthplace of the dean of american letters; it was where a young reporter named samuel clemens began using the name "mark twain" and went on to become america's most famous writer. it was also the birthplace of the great hearst fortune, and the launching pad of john mackay, who became the wealthiest man in america, the third wealthiest man in the world. hey, they should have made the movie about him! in the 1860's virginia city was the boomtown of all boomtowns, the home of the big bonanza, at one time the largest "metropolitan" area west of st. louis and east of san francisco. but virginia city (the movie) misses all that and is more about a hogwash north/south duello between the characters played by errol flynn and randolph scott. flynn is capt. kerry bradford, a union officer who is a pow in a concentration camp run by a mean confederate commander named capt. vance irby, played by scott. these two are always getting in each other's way. bradford escapes and then tries to stop a shipment of gold bullion being "snuck" out of vc by who else other than . . . irby! "hey, what's he doing here!?" horrible. bogart plays a laughable mexican bandit who can't decide who's side he's on. miriam hopkins plays a murky character named "julia hayne", obviously a historical lunge at the town's first lady, julia bulette, who in real life a celebrated prostitute. she goes to washington and talks honest abe about saving bradford (not irby) from hanging and blah blah blah. go figure. they shoulda hung the writer. in "real life" twain reports that on the last day of the war, the setting sun caused the american flag atop mt. davidson to appear to the puzzled residents to be weirdly on fire, kind of like the movie. three days later they discovered that on that day the south capitulated. one interesting quirk in the film is how sidekicks alan hale and guin williams flick their pistols forward when they shoot, like they're fishing, or trying to make the bullets go faster. not a bad idea for the movie. the same kind of goofiness is lathered over sap and corn throughout the movie. gosh, how could they miss the gold madness, profligate wealth, gun battles in the silver mines, mark twain getting run out of town and beat up after a showdown, the crooked railroad, the opera house fire, artemis ward, bulette's huge funeral, the chinese tongs, the black saloons, the auction . . ? all this high on a mountain surrounded by desert? the truth was unreal. did its fabulous wealth actually spark the great american holocaust? well, if you count this movie, it wouldn't be the first debacle to come out of virginia city. it's a disappointment for virginia city fans because it misses what made the town a "city of illusions," where it is said evil seeps out of the ground . . . okay, other than that it's a fun movie. flynn and the gang are always great no matter what history they're destroying. if flynn would just play his rotten self i'd double my rating.

being a fan of cheesy horror movies, i saw this in my video shop and thought i would give it a try. now that i've seen it i wish it upon no living soul on the planet. i get my movie rentals for free, and i feel that i didn't get my moneys worth. i've seen some bad cheesy horror movies in my time, hell i'm a fan of them, but this was just an insult.

slashers (2 outta 5 stars)not really a very good movie... but i did like the idea behind it... and the the filmmakers did make it look pretty good considering the tiny budget they had to work with. the movie is ostensibly an "episode" of a live japanese reality show that sends several contestants into a sealed off "danger zone" and has three costumed creeps sent after to them to kill them. the survivor, if there is one, wins fame and fortune... everyone else just winds up dead. the main drawback to this movie is that the acting is pretty bad. none of the "real" people seem real at all. the actors playing the killers are kind of fun... because they are portraying cheesy and over-the-top caricatures of popular modern horror movie types... and that's exactly how they would be done if this was an actual show. the movie pretends to be done all in one take... there is one cameraman who follows the contestants around the "danger zone" and everything is seen from the point of view of his camera... but the lights keep flickering on and off constantly (to hide the "cuts" from one take to another, i would imagine).

how can this movie have a 5.5 this movie was a piece of skunk s**t. first the actors were really bad i mean chainsaw charlie was so retarded. because in the very beginning when he pokes his head into the wooden hut (that happened to be about oh 1 quarter of an inch thick (that really cheap as* flimsy piece of wood) and he did not even think he could cut threw it)second the person who did the set sucks as* at supplying things for them to build with. the only good thing about this movie is the idea of this t.v. show. bottom line do not waste your hard earned cash on this hunk of s**t they call a movie.rating:0.3

i have read several good reviews that have defended and critised the various aspects of this film. one thing i see, over and over, is annoyance with megan, the idealistic political scientist, trying to change the world. i loved her character. maybe, because i am a 23 year old political science student and i think i'm going to change the world too, so i relate to megan. besides, she's cute. she's no super model, but more of a cute girl next door.ok, so she cried and screamed a lot. it's very dramatic, and seems overdone, but doesn't it fit her character? she goes on that show with the intention of sacrificing her life to prove a point. she thinks people who enjoy such a show are sick. i think she made her argument very well. of course, being a young naive girl, she is terrified of what she is about to face. i think her acting accurately portrays a young girl showing moral courage despite her overwhelming fear. furthermore, i think she maintained a certain dignity throughout the film despite the desperate situation she was in.as for the movie in general, other than megan, it was pretty much what i expected. it had excellent gore scenes, by micro-budget standards. the plot maybe took a quick thought, hardly any contemplation. it's basically just a dark humorist senseless slasher film, which the name implies. i love the sadism of the doctor. he kept ripping megan's shirt off, not just for the cause of sleaze (though largely so), but also to torment her, before he kills her. the chainsaw hick was hilarious. for slasher film lovers, he was probably the best character.i give this film 4 out of 10. it had a good setting, almost no plot, and a mix of good and terrible acting. i would recommend it for a cheap thrill, but hardly a diamond in the rough that is micro-budget horror.

a typical lanza flick that had limited audience appeal with a weak story line that was put together simply to justify lanza's mgm contract at the time.as reported by member lastliberal (above) grayson could not stand lanza because of his obscene advances towards her off (and sometimes on) camera. in addition, his gutter mannerism and the continual smell of alcohol in her face during scenes they did together were intolerable. after doing their second (and last) film together, "toast of new orleans", the normally quiet grayson stormed into louie b. mayer's office and told him in no uncertain words that she would never work with lanza again – period. mayer felt that grayson was much more valuable to mgm then lanza, so grayson's statement stuck. grayson went on to star in a number of widely received (and far more profitable) musicals with howard keel and others. later in life when asked to compare lanza and keel her reply was that there was no comparison between them, and that keel was great to work with and had much more appeal to the "real people" in the audiences.

i really didn't expect much from this film seeing as it has people from parkersburg wv, which is were i live, acting in it. this town is dull and so is this film. there were a few decent scened in the movie but i was distracted by all the crappy landmarks they made a point to show. this movie may have been good if there was actual acting in it but there wasn't any. unless you are from parkersburg and are interested in seeing what you see everyday, then stay away from this movie. the dialog will put you to sleep, the acting will bore you to tears and steven soderberg should lose some credibility after shooting crap like this. its a predictable movie with no surprises. what you see is what you get and that is a 73 minute tour of parkersburg west virginia and belpre ohio without a narrator.

this film was recommended to me by a friend who lives in california. she thought it was wonderful because it was so real, "just the way people in the ohio valley are!" i'm from the area and i experienced the film as "just the way people in california think we are!" i've lived in marietta and parkersburg and worked minimum wage jobs there. we laughed a lot, we bonded with and took breaks with people our own age; the young people went out together at night. the older people had little free time after work because they were taking care of their families. the area is beautiful in the summer and no gloomier in the winter rain than anywhere else.aside from the "if you live in a manufactured home you must be depressed" condescension, the story lacked any elements of charm, mystery or even a sense of dread.martha's character was the worst drawn. it's doubtful that anyone so repressed would have belonged to a church, but if she had, she probably would have made friends there. i've read reviews that seem to assume martha was jealous of rose because rose was "younger, prettier and thinner" but if this is the case it isn't shown. all we actually see is martha learning to dislike rose for reasons that would apply just as much if the three friends had been the same age and gender. we see martha feeling left out during smoking sessions, left out of the loop when social plans are made, used but not appreciated, and finally disrespected and hurt.just one more thing: are we supposed to suspect kyle of murder because he had once had a few panic attacks? please. this takes stigma against mental illness to a new level.

when thinking of the revelation that the main character in "bubble" comes to at films end, i am reminded of last years "machinist" with christian bale. the only difference between the two films is the literal physical weight of the characters.an understated, yet entirely realistic portrayal of small town life. the title is cause for contemplation. perhaps, we, the audience are the ones in the "bubble" as we are given no payoffs in the films slim 90 minute running time. audience reactions were often smug and judgmental, clearly indicating how detached people can be from seeing any thread of humanity in characters so foreign to themselves. these characters are the ones people refer to as those that put george w. back in office for a second term.it's sobering to consider how reality television has spoiled our sense of reality when watching an audience jump to their feet for the exit as soon as the credits role. this film has it's merits, and is deserving of consideration for the things it doesn't say outright.

i just saw this at the venice film festival, and can't quite decide about it. we were never allowed to get close enough to any of the characters to care about them. maybe that was the point, that we are all in a "bubble" of our own, but these people didn't compel me to be concerned about them or shocked at their various fates. at a running time of just over an hour, the characters weren't very well developed. lots of time was devoted to shots of factory equipment (forklifts, conveyor belts, shovels); and the slightly-creepy-looking baby dolls with surprisingly lifelike eyes, that most of the characters made for a living, were somehow more interesting than the live people. an interesting experiment, but somehow it never quite came together.

san francisco is a big city with great acting credits. in this one, the filmmakers made no attempt to use the city. they didn't even manage the most basic of realistic details. so i would not recommend it to anyone on the basis of being a san francisco movie. you will not be thinking "oh, i've been there," you will be thinking "how did a two story firetrap/stinky armpit turn into a quiet hotel lobby?" some of the leads used east coast speech styles and affectations. it detracts, but the acting was always competent.the stories seemed to be shot in three distinct styles, at least in the beginning. the chinatown story was the most effective and interesting. the plot is weak, ripped scene for scene from classy hong kong action movies. the originals had a lot more tension and emotional resonance, they were framed and paced better. but the acting is fun and we get to see james hong and other luminaries.the white boy intro was pointless. i think the filmmakers didn't know what to do with it, so they left it loosely structured and cut it down. the father is an odd attempt at a berkeley liberal - really, folks, everyone knows it's not "groovy" to live in the ghetto - but his segments are the most humorous. they threw away some good opportunities. educated and embittered on the west coast, a yuppie jerk here is a different kind of yuppie jerk than they make in new york. they are equally intolerable but always distinguishable. that would have been interesting; this was not.the hunter's point intro was the most disappointing. it was the most derivative of the three, and stylistically the most distant from san francisco. you've seen it done before and you've seen it done better. even the video game was better! despite the generic non-locality and aimless script, these characters have potential, the actors have talent, and something interesting starts to force its way around the clumsy direction... about ten minutes before the ending. good concept placed in the wrong hands.ps, there is a missing minority here, see if you can guess which one.

if he wanted to be accurate, he should have chosen some frisco natives and not a bunch of ny actors who know nothing about the sucka free (not sucker free). i've lived in sf my entire life, and folks here do not talk or act the way these actors did. everything was over-dramatized, and the only cat i saw from the bay was jt the bigga figga with his little cameo as a rapper. no shock that he was the only one in the film who really dressed like cats out here (ie his warriors jersey). not once did i notice anyone wearing any giants or 9ers gear; instead he fitted them in some cheesy made-up sf or oakland jerseys that aren't even sold around here. hp has no bowling alleys, black and asian gangbangers do not wear head or wristbands with the colors of africa or china's olympic team, nor does every chinese gangster wear a yao ming jersey and try and sound black while shooting hoops. further, while there now is a significant yuppie community that has invaded the mission, all that was shown was some white dude and a self-proclaimed "100% west coast boriqua." this is not new york! puerto ricans here are few and far between, and the latinos in the mission are very, very different from the one that was shown here, who was without a doubt from ny. also, hp is not the only black neighborhood in the city. an accurate depiction would have shown the drama between hp sets in their own hood as well as vs. fillmore, sunnydale, lakeview, etc. this film could've been much better if lee had done some more homework and had a better storyline to work with.

this tv movie goes to show that bad films do exist. the only reason i saw this was it was covered on a ktma mst3k. it's super bowl at the superdome in new orleans. however, no football is played whatsoever and we see the behind the scenes look at basically nothing. with the many stars in this film, it made no difference. i really don't know why i watched this.

superdome is one of those movies that makes you wonder why it was made. the whole plot concerns someone trying to sabotage the superbowl, and all the attempts made to stop them. how tom selleck and donna mills' careers managed to survive this is beyond me. however, the most frustrating thing about it was there was no football in it at all! avoid this one if possible.

it's 1978, and yes obviously there are too many black players on the teams as well! fans will be upset and certainly the 75,000 seats will be full, only less happy there are so many black players on the field! this made for tv super bowl movie is watchable. it's not much more, but it's really surprising the cast of talented actors that make an appearance (for the time), probably most notably tom selleck. unfortunately any goodness selleck brings to the screen, is quickly trumped by "actors" like dick butkus.it's a silly story about super bowl betting. pj jackson is charged by "new york" (read mafia) for ensuring the game ends for their favor, in this case a $10,000,000 bet. pj is innocent enough, and seems to have a loose grasp by buying off a few people here and there. but things seem to fall apart for him. another person, the unsuspected lainie, takes charge. for a while, the mystery of murders isn't known for certain, but is revealed rather plainly at the final murder that lainie is the new antagonist.it's a bad movie, but is watchable. the acting is decent, and the filming is ok. at least there weren't any silly typical 70s car chases (they have their place just not here). just keep an open mind about past stereotyping and the cocaine era and you'll survive.2/10 (maybe a 2.5)

the championship game is only a couple of days away, but things in new orleans aren't as they should be. from players with marital problems to drug overdoses to gambling problems to a killer on the loose, life is getting in the way of what should be a memorable, wonderful time. can things be put back into order and a killer stopped before the big game is ruined? despite what you might think when you first read about superdome, this is not a football movie. in fact football is nothing more than a plot device and an after thought. instead, superdome is another of those lousy soap opera-ish 70s made-for-tv movies populated with hollywood has beens and those that never will be. the cast sleepwalks its way through the thing with no one really looking good. the best (or worst) example is van johnson in a very small role looking generally lost as to why he's there. the plot is dull, uninteresting, and unbelievable. donna mills as a hit"man"? yeah, right! it's about as believable as the affair she has with the liquor soaked david jansen. the movie also lacks any pace. trying to get all four or five story lines into the film zaps whatever flow superdome might have had. with no drama or suspense in sight, superdome ends up being a very poor example of a 70s made-for-tv movie. the lone highlight for me was the voice-over work from the late charlie jones - a sportscaster i miss listening to. the eloquent way he overstates the intrigue and over-hypes the atmosphere in new orleans is pure cheese at its finest.like most others who have seen superdome, i also did so courtesy of mystery science theater 3000. it may be one of the ktma public access episodes, but it's one of the best examples of the shows early start. so even though i've only rated superdome a 2/10, i'll give this episode a generous 3/5 on my mst3k rating scale.

couldn't go to sleep the other night. so i got up, flipped on the tube & this movie was on.film makers bit off more than they could chew. just as ambitious in scope as "forrest gump" was. but gump read like an fairy-tale where an extraordinarily lucky man guides us through the era. tgmb just relies on tired clichés to tell the story. almost like a broadway musical where actors have to ham it up. every character's purpose was to fill a silly 60's archetype.take how we're introduced to finnegan: hugging his black maid & receiving a framed picture of mlk. criminey, talk about heavy-handed. why not just give him a t-shirt saying "i heart black people"?sunshine: "isn't free love groovay, man? oh no, i didn't have my period." mary beth: "i want to go to berkeley, not square ucla." uh, excuse me? there was nothing square about la in the 60s. rather than take the time to demonstrate what made berkeley unique, we just hear this brat whine about not going there.can't even remember the black kid's name. he was just a prop used to show how racially tolerant the other kids are.thing is, period pieces don't have to be this cheesy. take "dazed & confused." look how we're introduced to the football hero, randall floyd. we don't first see him on the football field. in fact, we never see him play football. we're introduced to him in class, inviting his nerdish poker buddies to a party.in "dazed" feminism isn't a casual by-product of some chick getting knocked up. it's much more organic, more serious than that. it's refined in the ladies' room over a flip discussion about gilligan's island. serious ideas can grow in the most mundane settings. but real life is like that.some of the warm comments here note that the themes in this movie are still relevant. i agree! which is why i feel so disappointed by this piece of baby-boomer pornostalgia.

major league: back to the minors (1998) ½* starring: scott bakula, eric bruskotter, corbin bernsen, dennis haysbert, jensen daggett, written and directed by john warren 100 minutes rated pg-13 (for language and some violence) by blake french: 	believe it or not, in the new john warren comedy "major league: back to the minors" there is one funny scene. it consists of a sequence where an infuriated coach throws a baseball hard into the wall behind him only to have it hit the cement and bounce back and smash him in the face. it's not much, but with the exception of a few one-liners, it's all this film has to offer...enough said. this movie is not only structurally impaired, characteristically undeveloped, predictable and badly written, but also just plain bad. even non-critical audience members will hate this movie with all that they got. it is so familiar it just isn't funny. how many times does the same movie about sports have to be made? last years we saw this same material in "air bud: golden receiver," and as bad as that film was, this is even worse. at least "air bud" was family oriented. "major league back to the minors" is too vulgar for a wholesome family to view together on a sunday afternoon. it is too childish for adults. so who is this film for? teenagers? elderly? people who are so desperate for entertainment they would rent something like this?	the film, like many others like this, has one basic point it tries to make: teamwork conquers all. yes it does, and what a great moral to try to prove. too bad we have already seen and excepted it so many times over and over have such little talent and intelligence that their cheerleaders are men in a ballerina costumes. where the silly announcers form their own "buddy comedy routine" muttering one liners to themselves like "they suck," "this kids fast ball is timed with an hour glass," "this guy dropped out of ball for a while to find something he lost--maybe it was his mind," "somebody needs a nap," and "ever see a sunset as beautiful as that play." where the characters have such little significance to each other that we never know them by name. and where the only heartfelt lecture scene about teamwork is so unknowledgeable that it is almost funny.	"major league back to the minors" is so bad; it stalls its trite ending right in the middle of a good closing sequence. the good baseball team is on a comeback, they are about to win and--the power goes out. i was thinking for a minute that this piece of trash had come to a conclusion, but in reality, its false final scene exists only to add minutes to the running time. the movie basically consists of a series of unrelated sketches that throw in so many putrid jokes it is are not funny. there is another kind-of-funny line of dialogue that has a coach and a player talking to each other about why a long time outfielder is not wanted in that position any longer. the coach's answer: "you're too old, too slow, and too fat." the player's reaction is to die for. but that scene certainly does not make this movie noteworthy of you time, and certainly is not worth a cent of your money. so here is another dreadful entrée into this genre of film, another that is doomed with its own script, which is failed before seen, and another which is so familiar it seems like deja vu all over again.

this is by far one of the worst movies i have ever seen, the poor special effects along with the poor acting are just a few of the things wrong with this film. i am fan of the first two major leagues but this one is lame!

how did i ever appreciate this dud of a sequel? all it does is throw balls! worst of all, it doesn't compare to even the first installment of the series! the comedy suffers from not being funny. where did all the unintentional laughter go? enough slapstick on-the-field action goes on too long. bob uecker literally saved this one from a complete nine-inning shutout. what's next, major league 4: return to the little league? ehh, could be! leave this one on the shelf and plan a trip to the all-star game. this one's had three strikes too many.

this movie is a disgrace to the major league franchise. i live in minnesota and even i can't believe they dumped cleveland. (yes i realize at the time the real indians were pretty good, and the twins had taken over their spot at the bottom of the american league, but still be consistent.) anyway i loved the first major league, liked the second, and always looked forward to the third, when the indians would finally go all the way to the series. you can't tell me this wasn't the plan after the second film was completed. what happened? anyways if your a true fan of the original major league do yourself a favor and don't watch this junk.

as a poker enthusiast i was looking forward to seeing this movie - especially as it had scotty nyugen in it.basically, scotty nyugens short spots in this film are all it has going for it.the characters are unlikeable and annoying, the soundtrack is awful and the plot, well, there isn't one.i honestly got a headache and found myself reading the barcode number on the dvd box after twenty minutes i was that bored. its actually ashame that nyugen was in this movie as otherwise i wouldn't have wasted $16 buying it off ebay.take it from me - avoid like 7 2 offsuit!!! dire. :(

totally ridiculous. if you know anything about poker, you will find it absolutely appalling but also entertaining because it is so clueless. the nerd who made this movie is obviously very religious and knows slightly about the game of poker, but i doubt he's ever played above 3-6. (i think he also knows nothing of golf.) where to start. i've seen better productions in the intro to film class i took freshmen year of film school. the actors to watch in this movie are queen momma, scotty nguyen, and the loser who can never win at poker. everyone else is as wooden as they come, like bad porn actors.*spoiler* the man the movie starts with in the opening sequence is the only reason the film got made. he is a railbird who doesn't play poker and never has a line of dialogue, but the actor is the man who obviously paid for the movie. i can't think of a more useless waste of money than this man shelling out for this pointless production. it's fitting that he had such a useless role.there's very little poker in this movie. most of the time is spent on useless side characters whose plots aren't resolved in the slightest. queen momma does have a show-stealing scene where she throws her loser boyfriend through a window and tries to shoot his brains out. also the nameless arabs in the convenience store also give brilliant performances when they debate whether to beat up or kill an older lady who robs them. their subtle performances are easily among the film's highlights. it makes you wonder why they bothered getting all these white people to play the leads.in conclusion, complete nonsense. plan 9 from outer space has slightly more coherency. if you play poker though you might want to have a laugh. also if you're christian you might enjoy some of the heavy-handed religious conversation that pepper the movie like pointless pepper. i hate movies made by religious people. especially ones who think they know something about things they know nothing about. it's sad that jennifer harman and scotty nguyen got involved in this travesty as i can't help but think less of them. they must be envious of johnny chan for getting in rounders.

when i first saw this film it was not an impressive one. now that i have seen it again with some friends on dvd ( they had not viewed it on the silver screen ), my opinion remains the same. the subject matter is puerile and the performances are weak.

so, i'm wondering while watching this film, did the producers of this movie get to save money on sandra bullock's wardrobe by dragging out her "before" clothes from miss congeniality? did ms. bullock also get to sleepwalk through the role by channeling the "before" gracie hart? as many reviewers have noted before, the film is very formulaic. add to that the deja vu viewer experiences with the character of cassie maywether as a somewhat darker gracie hart with more back story and it rapidly become a snooze fest.the two bad boy serial killers have been done before (and better) in other films. as has the "good guy partner trying to protect his partner despite the evidence" character been seen before. in fact none of the characters in the film ever get beyond two dimensions or try to be anything but trite stereotypes.one last peeve - using the term serial killer is false advertising. murdering one person - even if it's a premeditated murder - does not make you a serial killer. you may have the potential to become a serial killer but you are not a serial killer or even a spree killer.

from director barbet schroder (reversal of fortune), i think i saw a bit of this in my media studies class, and i recognised the leading actress, so i tried it, despite the rating by the critics. basically cool kid richard haywood (half nelson's ryan gosling) and justin pendleton (bully's michael pitt) team up to murder a random girl to challenge themselves and see if they can get away with it without the police finding them. investigating the murder is homicide detective cassie 'the hyena' mayweather (sandra bullock) with new partner sam kennedy (ben chaplin), who are pretty baffled by the evidence found on the scene, e.g. non-relating hairs. the plan doesn't seem to be completely going well because cassie and sam do quite quickly have richard or justin as suspects, it is just a question of if they can sway them away. also starring agnes bruckner as lisa mills, chris penn as ray feathers, r.d. call as captain rod cody and tom verica as asst. d.a. al swanson. i can see now the same concept as sir alfred hitchcock's rope with the murdering for a challenge thing, but this film does it in a very silly way, and not even a reasonably good bullock can save it from being dull and predictable. adequate!

alfred hitchcock invented any kind of thriller you could think of:he set the standards so high that any director who makes a suspense movie will be fatally compared to him.the main subject of this bullock vehicle ,all the ideas,almost everything was already in hitchcock's classic " rope":the two students who commit a gratuitous crime, nietsche's philosophy,and the clues that the boys disseminate ,the master was the first to transfer them to the screen.and with an eighty-minute movie which was a technical riveting tour de force."murder by numbers " does not take place in a single room,like "the rope" ,mind you.and ,what a supreme originality,it pits two cops against the evil youngsters;and ,you would never guess it,these two cops are very different:actually,bullock plays the part of woman living like a man ,and her partner (chaplin) is as shy as a clueless girlie.the two boys' performances are not really mind-boggling ,not as good ,as ,say ,that of edward norton in "primal fear" .well,you know ," rope" was so good ....

there's something frustrating about watching a movie like 'murder by numers' because somewhere inside that hollywood formula is a good movie trying to pop out. however, by the time the credits roll, there's no saving it. the whole thing is pretty much blown by the "cop side" of the story, where sandra bullock and ben chaplin's homicide detective characters muddle through an awkward sexual affair that becomes more and more trivialized the longer the movie goes on. although bullock is strong in her role, it's not enough to save the lackluster script and lazy pacing. ben chaplin's talents are wasted in a forgettable role (he did much better earlier in the year in the underrated 'birthday girl') as well as chris penn, who has a role so thanklessly small you feel sorry for a talent like him. anyway, the plot really isn't even a factor in this movie at all. the two teen killers played by ryan gosling and michael pitt are the only real reasons to see this movie. their talent and chemistry work pretty good and they play off of each other quite well. it's too bad they weren't in a much better all-around film. barbet schroeder is treading way too safe ground here for such a seasoned filmmaker. bottom line: it's worth a rent if you're a genre fan, but everyone else will live a fulfilled life without ever seeing it, except maybe on network tv with convenient commercial breaks.

having been pleasantly surprised by sandra bullock's performance in miss congeniality, i decided to give murder by numbers a shot. while decent in plucky, self-effacing roles, ms. bullock's performance in "serious" roles (see hope floats, speed 2, 28 days) leave much to be desired. her character is at the same time omniscient, confused, and sexually maladjusted (the sub-plot of sandra's past comes across as needless filler that does little to develop her already shallow character). the two teenage boys gave decent performances, although their forensics expertise and catch-me-if-can attitude is belied by stupid errors that scream "we did it!" chris penn as the all-too-obvious suspect is wasted here, as is ben chaplin's token partner/love interest character.***spoilers ahead*** mediocre acting aside, the biggest flaws can be traced to a tv-of-the-week plot that never has you totally buying into the murder motives in the first place, and as mentioned, the stupid errors (vomiting up a rare food on the murder scene, an all too convenient and framing of the school janitor, the two boys hanging out together in public, a convenient love interest to cause friction, etc. etc) cause the view to go from being intrigues to being bored and disappointed by the murderers. the ending was strictly "by the numbers" and was probably the most disappointing aspect of the movie. using the now-cliched tactic of almost showing the climactic scene at the beginning of the film, and then filling the audience in how we arrived at that moment, the final scenes surprise no one and lacked any of the so-called intelligence the film purported to arrive at it's conclusion. a somewhat promising concept, but poorly executed and weak in nearly every way. * out of ****.

hard to believe that director barbet schroeder once did the majestic and very funny maitresse (1976), and now only seems to do "by the numbers" hollywood thrillers.this is very lightweight john grisham material, crossed with the plot of a tv movie. bullock is cass mayweather, a feisty and independent crime investigator specialising in serial killers. ben chaplin is her reserved police partner sam kennedy, and together they make an uncomfortable duo. not good, when two unbalanced college maladriots (gosling and pitt) decide to send them on a wild goose chase - by planting very clever and misleading forensic evidence at a crime scene.fair enough, but while bullock and chaplin fail to create any sparks, we also have to endure a several dull overly-melodramatic flashbacks illustrating an important event in cass's history. then of course there are the frequent shots of a cliff-side log cabin where there's absolutely no doubt the ott ending will be set. oooh... the atmosphere.watch any episode of csi instead. it's to the point and far more exciting.

except for acknowledging some nice cinematography, i can hardly say anything positive about this movie. the single real issue is the protagonist's dilemma whether to remain with his childhood friends in the world of misery or to leave them and take up his own life. abundant "emotionally powerful" scenes do not go with this plot and, because of bad acting, they also fail to create the intended atmosphere. the director only manages to introduce anthony's dilemma and eventually brings an easy solution. the characters do not seem to evolve, although it is difficult to speak of any characters... perhaps except for sonny. beside him, actors do not get to play much and when some of them have to, they come off as self-indulging amateurs. i wonder what ruined the movie more: the superficial script, throwing away all the potential of the plot, or the bad acting, disturbing any appeal that might be left.

they must issue this plot outline to all wannabe filmmakers arriving at the hollywood bus station. they then fill in the blanks and set their story in whatever hick town or urban ghetto from which they just arrived. you know exactly what this movie is about from the opening shot, four young boys playing in grainy slow motion, accompanied by voice over narration. next stop after the bus station must be to buy stock footage of four young boys playing in grainy slow motion. once they're grown, it's easy to spot the writer/director among the four. he's the quiet, contemplative, long-haired one who is never seen without his composition book tucked in his pants. this means that his superb writing talent will be his ticket from hickville to hollywood. only there's no writing, or directing talent on display here. and if you still can't figure out which one he is, here's a hint: the auteur and his character have the same middle name. it took over an hour to figure out that these twenty-something men were supposed to still be in high school. what looked like a prison was apparently a high school, the warden turned out to be the principal. once more, the poor, misunderstood rebel can pound everyone in the movie into the pavement, murder and pillage, but is powerless to stand up to his alcoholic father. how about hitting back, kid, like you do everyone else? numerous fist fight scenes for no apparent purpose. howlingly bad dialogue. many scenes badly out of focus. cartoon characters keep popping up as bit players and extras, drawing unintentional laughs from the premiere audience. overacting in the extreme. and if you don't quite get the self-important speeches, or the slow-motion scenes, just listen to the overbearing music. it will clue you in and what you're supposed to feel. poor marisa ryan must be racking up lots of frequent flier mileage as she travels around the country working in these amateur regional films. the biggest sin is that the audience is supposed to feel sympathy for kids who gun down old ladies, run over puppies chained to a tree, rob and steal, all the while complaining about their sad, sorry lives. but if only we could get out of this hick town and go to college. yeah, that's the ticket. why is it that every twenty-something filmmaker believes that his life so far is so important, so interesting, that the world can't wait to see it onscreen? if this movie is as autobiographical as it seems, then the auteur better be looking over his shoulder for policemen bearing fugitive warrants.

a lot of people seemed to have liked the film, so i feel somewhat bad giving it a bad review. but after sitting through 96 minutes of it, i feel i have to do so. where the heck is the plot in this film?! i must have missed it, i was waiting for the storyline to unfold and nothing happened. sure the ending was "somewhat shocking" but they didn't build up to it. i forgot who was who half of the time, so they didn't really develop the characters. the acting was so-so, most of the time it was believable, but i was able to see through it most of the time. so... without giving anything away, i must say that unless you like the actors in the film, there is no real reason to watch this movie. i could be mistaken, but i just didn't understand why there was so little, or too much of the film. i can't decide which one that would be, so i say judge for yourselves. i don't even know if renting it would be a good idea, the cost and all... plot: 0/10 characters: 1/10 acting: 2/10 overall: 3/10 i feel like that's too high really, i am staying with my vote up at the top.

dick foran and peggy moran, who were so good together in the mummy's hand, return for this very minor universal horror offering. but this time, instead of having wallace ford as the comedic sidekick "babe," we get fuzzy knight substituting as a silly buddy named "stuff". but the results are nowhere near as charming, and the scare level is virtually nil.dick is a businessman who gets the idea of spearheading a treasure hunt on a remote island inside a spooky old castle. peggy is one of the gang who comes along for the ride. but there is a tall and skinny john carradine lookalike in a black cape and big hat known as "the phantom" who crashes the party in pursuit of the buried fortune himself.this "phantom" is not very mysterious, and no effort is made to even try and keep his rather average guy face in the shadows to create any tension or spookiness. it's always nice to see perky moran, but otherwise you can chalk this up as one of universal's instantly forgettable misfires.

a horribly pointless and, worse, boring film. stranger than fiction has nothing new to say about anything, no characters beyond the most unimaginative stereotypes, and relies on a clunky central concept that is neither particularly original nor dealt with in a vaguely innovative way. will ferrell is totally wasted in what he presumably hoped to be his answer to jim carey's truman show, and substitutes his usual shouting routine (admittedly very funny if you discount talledega nights) for, well, pretty much nothing. emma thompson is no more than mildly irritating (that some reviews i've read here are talking her up for an oscar nomination is laughable) whilst maggie gyllenhaal does a passable job with a very weak script that allows nothing beyond establishing her character as a former law student who dropped out of harvard to become a baker because she liked making people happy. please. that she ended up falling for ferrell's 'character' is utterly ludicrous.marc forster's attempts to jazz up the film using computer graphics only serve to highlight the uninspired the material he has to work with.i had the choice of either going to watch the prestige for the third time or seeing this. i wish i'd opted for the prestige.

stranger than fiction angered me so much, i signed up on imdb just to write this review. stranger than fiction is a surprisingly complex, touching and thought-provoking movie until the very end. once you suspend multiple lapses of logic (why didn't will ferrell hear emma thompson's voice 10 years ago when she fist started writing her book? "the phone rang. the phone rang again." how could she not know it's him calling? etc.), the movie challenges one's thoughts about mortality, fate, and sacrifice.the brief history of literary themes provided by dustin hoffman should especially entertain former english majors. and maggie gyllenhaal is always a pleasure, even though will ferrell might just as easily be an ax murderer as a bumbling soul. her quick trust of him is a mighty big leap of faith.ah, but the ending. until the very end, i would have given 9 out of 10 stars to this movie. the movie as a metaphor for life's journey, as a tribute to the notion of 'writing true,' as a reminder that great literature is either comedy or tragedy, but not both, is outstanding. the entire movie leads the viewer to understand and accept the moment of will ferrell's fate. and no matter how endearing a character he may have become, we know full well why we will accept the ending. the last act occurs, the screen goes white, the credits roll. a profound and powerful end to an almost perfect film. an end that would have been debated for weeks.no!!!!!!!!!! no credits rolled. say it isn't so. say hollywood didn't tack on another 10 minutes of crap that completely undermined the integrity and heart of the movie. dustin hoffman got it right when he said, "it's no longer a masterpiece; it's ok." an apt review of the movie. except to me, it wasn't even ok. i was so offended about the betrayal of 'writing true,' about the decision to pander the film that i actually burst into angry tears explaining this on the ride home from the movie. i don't often cry. i could care less about most movies, but i am still angry about this one.my questions for zack helm, the writer, are this: did the original movie end when the screen went white? and were you forced by the vapid movie powers-that-be to tack on an ending unfaithful to the core of the movie? or did you tack that maudlin ending on yourself? i've read you're brilliant. i hope your original script ended the movie the first time.i know zack helm will never see this review, and i've been unable to find a contact for him to ask myself. but, please, movie-goers, am i the only one who feels this way about stranger than fiction? one good thing came from me seeing this movie: i doubly admire lost in translation now.

a badly-acted two-character comedy-drama abruptly transmogrifies into a weren't-we-awful-to-the-indians polemic, with lousy special effects, exploitative use of nudity, and ugly violence. it's as sincere as a politician's handshake, as obvious as a car salesman's pitch, one of the worst movies in the history of the universe. absolute and utter dreck.

this show is a perfect example of how the cbc should stick to either news, sports, or satirical sketch comedy. as a developer of situation comedy, cbc has shown it can combine the pizazz of "king of kensington" with the belly laughs of "the beachcombers". it is an embarrassment to great shows like "kids in the hall" and "second city" that they have to share their comedic roots with this lame production.i have to admit, that i didn't give this show much of a chance right from when i first heard of its concept. to start, half of the concept is a direct attempt to rip-off one of the few sitcom successes in english-canadian history, "corner gas". the rest of the concept--the cultural clash--is far from being original and is too often used as a crutch for screen writing laziness. the selection of the muslim religion as the basis for the "fish out of water" characters seems to be a desperate attempt to be "edgy" and "topical", but comes off as forced. some of the jokes that are based around the local's reaction to the newcomers are cringe inducing and thoroughly insulting to the intelligence of everyone involved, especially the audience.this show is a perfect example of how cbc just doesn't "get it" when it comes to creating canadian content, especially when presenting canada as a multicultural environment. cultural diversity in canada does not have to be presented in such a heavy-handed and forced way. it would be a refreshing change to see cbc introduce diversity into a television show without making the show all about said diversity. i doubt that cbc has sufficient sitcom talent to pull off something so subtle. a comparison could be made to the way diversity is depicted in corner gas--i.e. the aboriginal characters are not set apart by their ethnicity nor is their heritage used to generate story lines. more realistically, their lives and the other characters lives intertwine in a way that makes ethnicity no more significant than any of their other personal characteristics.that being said, even as a formulaic fish-out-of-water comedy this show fails. the acting is weak, the comic pacing all over the map, and the story premises that i saw were too far beyond the suspension of belief, even for a comedy. the only saving grace is the talented derek mcgrath, who is horribly wasted here. i doubt that even the addition of guest stars (colin mochrie, for example, as an anglican archbishop) can save this dog. i decided to give the show a chance once the cbc's 'hype' had died down; but two episodes were all i could stand--i could almost feel my braincells shutting themselves down with each failed punchline. the time-slot would be better served by airing more coronation street, air farce re-runs, or dr. who. even an infomercial would be an improvement.

i think the show had a pretty good concept to work with. but the execution was poor. the script is poor and acting is bad. there were many issues that could have been portrayed in a better way, like the protest against gay marriage or finding the graveyard. the show can't be properly termed as comedy show as it lacks humor miserably. i should say this show was barely successful in putting the life of muslim community to some extent.till now second season is worse than the first one. i had my hopes high regarding this show, but i was kind of disappointed. still i appreciate cbc for putting up such concept in front of the viewers. anyway i wish best of luck for the future.

i'm trying to picture the pitch for dark angel. "i'm thinking matrix, i'm thinking bladerunner, i'm thinking that chick that plays faith in angel, wearing shiny black leather - or some chick just like her, leave that one with us. only - get this! - we'll do it without any plot, dialogue, character, decent action or budget, just some loud bangs and a hot chick in shiny black leather straddling a big throbbing bike. fanboys dig loud bangs and hot chicks in shiny black leather straddling big throbbing bikes, right?"flashy, shallow, dreary, formulaic, passionless, tedious, dull, dumb, humourless, desultory, barely competent. live action anime without any action, or indeed any life. sf just the way joe fanboy likes it, in fact. :(

wow, here it finally is; the action "movie" without action. in a real low-budget setting (don't miss the hilarious flying saucers flying by a few times) of a future seattle we find a no-brain hardbody seeking to avenge her childhood.there is nothing even remotely original or interesting about the plot and the actors' performance is only rivalled in stupidity by the attempts to steal from other movies, mainly "matrix" without having the money to do it right. yes, we do get to see some running on walls and slow motion shoot-outs (45 secs approx.) but these scenes are about as cool as the stupid hardbody's attempts at making jokes about male incompetence now and then.and, yes, we are also served a number of leads that lead absolutely nowhere, as if the script was thought-out by the previously unseen cast while shooting the scenes.believe me, it is as bad as it possibly can get. in fact, it doesn't deserve to be taken seriously, but perhaps i can make some of you not rent it and save your money.

god, i was bored out of my head as i watched this pilot. i had been expecting a lot from it, as i'm a huge fan of james cameron (and not just since "titanic", i might add), and his name in the credits i thought would be a guarantee of quality (then again, he also wrote the leaden strange days..). but the thing failed miserably at grabbing my attention at any point of its almost two hours of duration. in all that time, it barely went beyond its two line synopsis, and i would be very hard pressed to try to figure out any kind of coherent plot out of all the mess of strands that went nowhere. on top of that, i don't think the acrobatics outdid even those of any regular "a-team" episode. as for alba, yes, she is gorgeous, of course, but the fact that she only displays one single facial expression the entire movie (pouty and surly), makes me also get bored of her "gal wit an attitude" schtick pretty soon. you can count me out of this one, mr. cameron!

i hate this movie. it is a horrid movie. sean young's character is completely unsympathetic. her performance is wooden at best. the storyline is completely predictable, and completely uninteresting. i would never recommend this film to anyone. it is one of the worst movies i have ever had the misfortune to see.

well, they say nymphomania leaves you unsatisfied. i don't know if stella james (sean young) qualifies as a clinical nymphomaniac, but she certainly is in to sexual relations with men. she's still exploring, trying to find "more data" so she can see what she wants from life and the men in it, though it seems like at her age she should have a pretty good idea by now. (i can't agree, however, with anyone who says young is too old for the role. if she is, we should all age so nicely.) for the most part this film left me cold, though it's by no means the worst of its type you'll ever see. and unlike the recent 'eyes wide shut,' at least something happens in this one.

did anyone else feel as betrayed as i did? the first hour or so was pretty solid but the last. oh my god. it seemed like it was predictable and cheesy. not grandiose and epic like the entire run of the show has been. most reviews have read have been glowing but i really can't understand why. i had seriously predicted that general ending way earlier on but then retracted it because i thought "no, they would never do that, that's far too lame." i can hardly stand it. i feel so unsatisfied. i think i'm about to walk out the door to go sell every season i own. someone please. change my mind. i want to love this. so bad. someone tell me why i'm wrong. great show. terrible ending.

the first half was ok, but the last half really, really disappointed. it's funny the producers even admitted they didn't have a clue for the ending, and it really showed. whats really sad is i have to write ten lines of comment minimum to be able to post this. i really didn't want to include spoilers to qualify my remarks since the show isn't really worth that effort. when battlestar galatica first came out i was really excited with the prospect of a better remake, it didn't happen that first season border on being space porn. they eventually cleaned it up a bit and actually had some pretty fair drama, so i started watching again. but to end the series with kara being a cyclon god angel, same with baltar and six was pretty dumb.

there are many good things about the new bsg: there's the multiple cylon roles for model 8 and 6, for example, which the two actresses played superbly. there's the old school feel of industrial design aboard galactica ("my ship will not be networked, over my dead body!") also, all the space battles, the special effects (even though the seasoned sci-fi watcher will acknowledge the cartoonishness of it all) the darkness of the characters, their essentially flawed nature.that makes it all the more bitter that the ending was so childish.yes, the first part, the scenes in space, the raid on the cylons and all that was very good. but the mushy ending? i always watch films and shows these days with the timer hidden, so i never know how much time is left until the end. so for me it was a special kind of torture, to see the end happen over and over again. every time i thought, oh this is the final scene, the final shot, i got one more. every frakking character got its complete ending! that wasn't really necessary.what really highlighted the schoolboy amateurishness of it all: the young roslin scenes. why is important for us to know that: {a} she lost her sisters and father in a horrible accident and {b} that she has a one night stand with a former pupil/student? what does that bring to the story? where was the linkage? now, i'm all for a more european-ish style approach, and a random acts of whateverness in films and shows, and all that, but this was just ridiculous. this didn't bring anything meaningful to the story.also, i've seen the "last frakkin special" and in it ron revealed his own cluelessness about the plot: he couldn't come up with a good ending for the story, so .... he just didn't! it's never as much about the characters as they made the last episode to be. the whole "this was thousands of years in the past" idea, the mitochondrial eve thing, was also used in the hitchhikers guide to the galaxy, and believe you me, there are a lot of bsg watchers who know that particular h2g2 storyline. and speaking of hera, now there's a storyline that was not worked out well, at all. instead we get roslin is doing her former pupil who's 20 years younger. don't get me wrong, i'm all for older women with younger men. the more power to them. but this ... just made no sense.all in all, (the writing in) this series is as flawed as they intended its characters would be. that goes even moreso for the last episode. i hope lost and 24 do better, with their series finales.

i loved the first season. the quality went down a little bit in the second season, which however had a great middle (pegasus!). third season was fairly novel and original and was ok. fourth season started going downhill fast, because they never even began giving us any explanations, when by now we were really starting to need them. what the hell was the cylon plan? why were there two cylon factions? what was the point of angel-kara leading the fleet to a devastated earth-1? what kind of a past did the last five cylons have, and how did they survive, or were they reincarnations? questions everywhere, answers nowhere.and then comes the end. earth-2 (our earth) in the past. well, okay. but destroying the fleet?! giving up technology and giving up any kind of urban life, and spreading a few thousand people paper-thinly across the planet?! that's not only anti-science, it's anti-reason and anti-life. and the philosophy of the show then seems to be that humanity is forever trapped in a cycle going from nature romanticism to a decadent capitalist society inventing destructive a.i. that ruins everything. it is without vision, without hope for a grander future for humanity, and it is antithetical to proper science fiction. and don't even get me started on the angels! religious claptrap of the worst kind! the ultimate disappointment!!the whole "all this has happened before and will happen again" thing should have related to the previous incarnation of the series, not just to earth as we know it. making the new show somehow consistent with the old would have been the definitive stroke of genius. frakkin shame.1 out of 10.

horrible ending - and i can't believe moore spent a year coming up with it. smacks of l. ron hubbard and dianetitcs, which hubbard claimed to pen in just three weeks. this was actually disappointing enough for me to toss my discs from the first 3.5 years. now, the first 1.5 hours were action packed, though absurd in the premise, and then it deteriorated into a slow, painful, sophomoric dissolution of the series. unbelievable how slow and drawn out that last hour was. were we to think more deeply? if i wanted a lesson in a-materialism, i would reread daniel quinn's ishmael. absurd to think 38k people would give up everything for a "fresh start". absurd to throw in a disappearing kara, and a reappearing baltar and six. absurd to throw in the mitochondrial eve. just absurd.

the fight scenes were great. loved the old and newer cylons and how they painted the ones on their side. it was the ending that i hated. i was disappointed that it was earth but 150k years back. but to travel all that way just to start over? are you kidding me? 38k people that fought for their very existence and once they get to paradise, they abandon technology? no way. sure they were eating paper and rationing food, but that is over. they can live like humans again. they only have one good doctor. what are they going to do when someone has a tooth ache never mind giving birth... yea right. no one would have made that choice.

did i step in something or is that bad smell coming from daybreak 1 + 2? god was behind everything? what has god got to do with sci-fi? god is only the answer when you can't think up a sensible explanation for something. in fact, this is exactly the problem with the series finale - they obviously couldn't think up sensible explanations for the multitude of big questions that were raised throughout the series such as how kara thrace come back from the dead in a brand new viper, how her old viper and charred body ended up on earth 2, why baltar has an imaginary 6 in his head, why 6 has an imaginary baltar in her head, etc. so they explain it with "angels" or just don't explain it at all.the plot of the last 2 episodes had holes big enough to fly a basestar through. for example, why does galactica and its crew go on a suicide mission to rescue one girl (hera), particularly after adama said there was no way he'd attempt a rescue? because they found out the location of the cylon base? that's not a good reason to sacrifice the crew's lives. and how did anders know the location? and what was the point of the flashbacks to the major characters' lives before the war? it's like they forgot to do it earlier so they threw something in at the last moment.the people who wrote the last two episodes could not have been the same writers who created what has been so far a sensational series. feels like the script writing was take over by evangelical christians on a mission to spread 'the word'. forget trying to tie up the loose ends in the plot, the important message the writers wanted to get across is: don't put your faith in technology as it will lead to your destruction; god is your ultimate salvation (tough luck if you have an illness that needs medical treatment).imagine in the final movie of the star wars series they tell you there is no "force"... instead, a jedi actually gets his power from jesus. then they fly their spaceships into the nearest star and go live in the forest with the ewoks. would this be a good ending? no it frakken' wouldn't.

with these people faking so many shots, using old footage, and gassing animals to get them out, not to mention that some of the scenes were filmed on a created set with actors, what's to believe? old film of countries is nice, but the animal abuse and degradation of natives is painful to watch in these films. i know, racism is ok in these old films, but there is more to that to make this couple lose credibility. portrayed as fliers, they never flew their planes, martin johnson was an ex-vaudevillian, used friends like jack london for financial gain while stiffing them of royalties, denying his wife's apparent depression, using her as a cute prop, all this makes these films unbearable. they were by no means the first to travel to these lands, or the first to write about them. he was ok as a filmmaker and photographer, but that's about it.

the 1930s saw a vogue for documentary films about remote corners of the world, with an emphasis on wild animals, exotic terrain and primitive people with unusual cultures. despite the logistics of transporting a film crew to a distant and dangerous place, and then bringing 'em back alive (with the film footage), such films were often much cheaper to make than were conventional hollywood features ... because there were no expensive sets, costumes, or high-priced movie stars.the most successful makers of such films (artistically and financially) were the team of martin e. johnson and his wife osa, who made several documentaries (sometimes with blatantly staged events) in africa and asia. the johnsons' safari films were extremely popular, inspiring several parodies ... most notably wheeler & woolsey's "so this is africa", in which the very sexy esther muir plays a character named mrs. johnson-martini (instead of martin e. johnson, geddit?). although several other filmmakers were producing safari documentaries at this time, the johnsons' films were the most popular in this genre because they relied heavily on humour. viewed from our own more enlightened (i hope) standpoint, this is a serious flaw in the johnsons' documentaries: there are too many scenes in which the funny little brown or yellow people are made to look complete idiots who are easily outsmarted by the clever white bwana johnson and his wife.one definite asset of these movies is the presence of osa johnson. ten years younger than her husband, she manages to seem young enough to be his daughter. while certainly not as attractive as the shapely blond esther muir, osa johnson was a pert brunette who gave ingratiating performances in front of the camera in all the films she co-produced with her husband.'congorilla' is probably the best of the johnsons' films. the shots of the congo are interesting and have some historical value as evidence of what this environment looked like in 1930. the shots of the pygmies and other natives are also interesting, although these suffer from the johnsons' penchant to stage events in a manner that makes the natives look 'wild' and alien.the best (and funniest) scene in 'congorilla' is an improvised sequence in which osa johnson attempts to teach a jazz dance to some pygmy women. (the dance is the black bottom, no less ... the same dance which bob hope famously taught to daisy and violet hilton, the conjoined twins.) wearing jodhpurs, riding boots, and a pith helmet, osa johnson starts scat-singing while she does high steps and slaps her knees in her attempt to teach this dance to the african women. meanwhile, they just stand there staring at her, apparently wondering what this crazy white woman is trying to accomplish. it's a very funny scene, but it has unpleasant undertones. osa johnson is doing a dance that was invented by black americans: the implication seems to be that black africans should instinctively be able to perform this dance after a brief demonstration (using natural rhythm, i guess) because it's in their blood, or something.i'll rate 'congorilla' 4 points out of 10. this film says a little bit about african life in the 1930s and rather more about american cultural perceptions in that same decade.

admirably odd, though mean-spirited comedy-drama about a strange young man who hopes to fly like a bird through the houston astrodome. robert altman-directed quasi-comedy with eccentric characters is so overloaded with weirdos that it starts to creak early on from the weight. some of the cinematography is evocative, shelley duvall is a stitch in her debut as a tour guide, and sally kellerman looks every inch the glamourpuss as bud cort's vision of a "mother bird" (imagine altman and producer lou adler explaining that role to her!). in the lead, bud cort is--once again, after "harold & maude"--a true original; not off-putting like, say, michael j. pollard, cort manages to be geeky, wacky and inoffensive, a tough act to pull off. unfortunately, this is one of altman's misfires. he can put together a cast and a showpiece like no one else, but let him get fired up with some misguided inspiration and he spirals downward. ** from ****

the movie sucked, it wasn't funny, it wasn't exciting. they tried to make it so bad that it would be good, but failed. and thinking it's cool to like this movie, next to the hype, are the only reasons that this movie is a success...the fact that at this moment 50% voted a 10 out of 10 for this movie seems pretty concerning to me, either the movie going public is going insane or this vote is unrealistic which can have numerous causes, and should be dealt with. anyway it is a less than average movie which bloomed through mouth to mouth advertising. it's success can only be described as a marketing marvel.

i'd like to think myself as a fairly open minded guy and it takes a lot(!) for me to dislike a movie but this one is without a doubt one of the suckiest, crappiest movie i've ever seen!i have no idea what's wrong with the people who gave it such a good rating here (imdb is usually pretty reliable when it comes to ratings)... the only thing i can imagine is that people must've voted during one or more conditions:1. while being shitfaced / stoned out of their minds 2. they've received hard cash for the votes 3. under gunpointi can't believe i wasted a good 1 h 45 min of my life for this pathetic excuse for a movie.

unless you are between the ages of 10 and 14 (except for the r rating), there are very few things to like here. one or two lines from kenan thompson, david koechner (we really should see him more) and sam jackson are humorous and julianna margulies is as good as she can be considering her surroundings, but sadly, that's it. poor plot. poor acting. worse writing and delivery. the special effects are dismal. as much as the entire situation is an odd and awful joke, the significant individual embedded situations are all equally terrible. if we consider the action portions, well there are unbelievable action sequences in some films that make you giddy and there are some that make you groan. this movie only contains the latter kind. this leaves little left. i'm so glad i did not pay for this.despite any hype, i can read and think, so as i sat down to watch, i did not expect anything good. i had no expectations, but was somewhat worried going in. yet, like a train wreck, one cannot merely look away. and even with no expectations, i was let down. bad. not even 'so bad, it's good' material. i'm _very_ tolerant of bad movies, but this makes "six string samurai" (which i liked) oscar worthy.no, this piece of over cgi'd rubbish is in the same company as battlefield earth, little man and gigli. how this is currently rated a 7.2 completely mystifies me. brainwashing or somehow stacking the voting system is all that i can think of as answers.i could go on and on but suffice to say that tonight, i witnessed a train wreck. i need to go wash my eyes. 1 of 10

i stopped watching this pos as soon as the snakes started "taking over" the plane.at first i thought maybe it should get a "one" for the comic relief. but then i realized i could just watch the three stooges for free and laugh more! whatever respect i might have had for samuel jackson has been irreversibly destroyed. and hollywood demonstrates once again how removed from reality they really are. when i was a kid we used to catch snakes for fun. the only thing snakes would do is huddle at the bottom of the cargo bay. and no amount of hollywood cartoon snakes can change that.this movie isn't worth a trip to blockbuster. be warned: if you pay for it, the only "victim" is your dumb ass.if you want to be really scared, i suggest the descent. if you want humor, go to your local stand up comedy club. their worst performer will be a million times better than this trash.

all internet buzz aside, this movie was god awful. i expected the movie to be more of a farce than anything. instead the film makers tried to make a serious thriller/horror movie, and they completely missed. there were only a few good parts, and a couple good lines by samuel jackson. other than that, it was a bunch of gore and some poorly animated snakes. all of the internet joking was miles better than the actual movie. now that the movie has actually come out, hopefully this joke will die. don't waste your time or money on this piece of over hyped trash. if you're looking for something that's funny and entertaining, then just go to snakes on a blog.

i saw an early screening of this film in new york and i, along with my friends and pretty much the entire audience, were vastly disappointed. the movie wasn't even so bad it was good; it was as lifeless as a snake-bite victim. samual l. jackson looked surprisingly tired through most of it and the snake effects were lame. it reminded me of one of those cheesy scifi movies, except the cheesiness of this movie was not funny or even campy. it all seemed worn, flat, and overtly formulaic. i'm shocked to say i actually think anaconda was more fun. it's easy to understand that soap realizes it's a piece of s*it and plays along with it, but what the film fails to embark on is a script that has any scares of suspense. it's the worst kind of lame movie: it's joyless.

the only thing great about the movie is its title. in this case, "snake on a plane" is example of not judging the book by its cover, the title says nothing about the movie. when i went to the theater, i wasn't expecting citizen kane, i was expecting independence day, a movie that's pure popcorn fun, but instead, i got that horrible roy liotta movie called " turbulence" yes, this is how bad soap is. the only thing make soap better is its title. and it's not even the apporiate title for the movie, the wasn't even a glimpse of "snake" or "plane" 40 minutes into the movie! what a false advertising! if it wasn't for its title, soap would be just another unforgettable cheap b-grade summer movie. and the r rating? it has to be the most undeserved r rated movie of all time! the makers of the movie only add a few f word to make this a r, all of the violence are kept pg-13 level. you know what's really r rated? the r rated superstar edge! see him at summerslam instead of waste your money on a snake!

this must be one of the worst movies i've ever seen, the graphics are ridiculous, and the script pathetic and the biggest question is how this rather low brow script got trough the selection process.i like all sorts of movies from deep dramas to the more male oriented kill everything you see type of movie, so i can't say i'm picky. i have been struggling to find something to compare it to, but i just can't think of anything that matches this, maybe starship troopers 2. witch in my opinion makes the movie gods cry and me thinking about throwing out my dvd player, but compared to this its effects are great. the acting superb and the script should be awarded. you know when a movie is bad in a funny way, well folks this isn't one of those this kills your soul minute by minute.

b movie at best. sound effects are pretty good. lame concept, decent execution. i suppose it's a rental."you put some olive oil in your mouth to save you from de poison, den you cut de bite and suck out de poisen. you gonna be ok tommy.""you stay by the airphone, when agent harris calls you get me!" "give me a fire extinguisher.""weapons - we need weapons. where's the silverware? all we have is this. sporks!?"dr price is the snake expert.local ers can handle the occasional snakebite. alert every er in the tri-city area.

i chose to see this movie because it got a good score here on imdb. but a lot of people either have really poor taste or someone's been fixing the score.either way it was a real disappointment. the movie is exactly as stupid and far fetched as the title would suggest. there really is no reason to give a summary of the plot - but here goes: it felt like someone had been thinking: "wouldn't it be cool to make a movie where there were snakes on a plane? and then the snakes for some reason would go crazy and start biting and stuff?!?" and that's about it! the plot is thin and unoriginal. the snakes are bad cgi (but it makes sense to cut corners on a movie that no one in their right mind will recommend to anyone!). the acting is poor, and all people are unbelievable stereo types.to sum it up: it's one of the worst movies i've ever seen - stay away!

oh dear lord, how on earth was any part of this film ever approved by anyone? it reeks of cheese from start to finish, but it's not even good cheese. it's the scummiest, moldiest, most tasteless cheese there is, and i cannot believe there is anyone out there who actually, truly enjoyed it. yes, if you saw it with a load of drunk/stoned buddies then some bits might be funny in a sad kind of way, but for the rest of the audience the only entertaining parts are when said group of buddies are throwing popcorn and abusive insults at each other and the screen. i watched it with an up-for-a-few-laughs guy, having had a few beers in preparation to chuckle away at the film's expected crapness. we got the crapness (plenty of it), but not the chuckles. it doesn't even qualify as a so-bad-it's-good movie. it's just plain bad. very, very bad. here's why (look away if you're spoilerphobic): the movie starts out with a guy beating another guy to death. ok, i was a few minutes late in so not sure why this was, but i think i grasped the 'this guy is a bit of a badass who you don't want to mess with' message behind the ingenious scene. oh, and a guy witnesses it. so, we already have our ultra-evil bad guy, and wussy but cute (apparently) good guy. cue hero. big sam steps on the scene in the usual fashion, saving good guy in the usual inane way that only poor action films can accomplish, i.e. hero is immune to bullets, everyone else falls over rather clumsily. cue first plot hole. how the bloody hell did sammy know where this guy was, or that he'd watched the murder. perhaps this, and the answers to all my plot-hole related questions, was explained in the 2 minutes before i got into the cinema, but i doubt it. in fact, i'm going to stop poking holes in the plot right here, lest i turn the movie into something resembling swiss cheese (which we all know is good cheese). so, the 'plot' (a very generous word to use). good guy must get to la, evil guy would rather he didn't, hero sam stands between the two. cue scenery for the next vomit-inducing hour - the passenger plane. as i said, no more poking at plot holes, i'll just leave it there. passenger plane. next, the vital ingredient up until now missing from this gem of a movie, and what makes it everything it is - snakes. yay! oh, pause. first we have the introduction to all the obligatory characters that a lame movie must have. hot, horny couple (see if you can guess how they die), dead-before-any-snakes-even-appear british guy (those pesky brits, eh?), cute kids, and jo brand. for all you americans that's an english comic famous for her size and unattractiveness. now that we've met the cast, let's watch all of them die (except of course the cute kids). don't expect anything original, it's just snake bites on various and ever-increasingly hilarious (really not) parts of the body. use your imagination, since the film-makers obviously didn't use theirs.so, that's most of the film wrapped up, so now for the best bit, the ending. as expected, everything is just so happy as the plane lands that everyone in sight starts sucking face. yep, ice-cool sammy included. but wait, we're not all off the plane yet! the last guy to get off is good guy, but just as he does he gets bitten by a (you guessed it) snake (of all things). clearly this one had been hiding in mr. jackson's hair the whole time, since it somehow managed to resist the air pressure trick that the good old hero had employed a few minutes earlier, despite the 200ft constrictor (the one that ate that pesky british bugger) being unable to. so, sam shoots him and the snake in one fell swoop. at this point i prayed that the movie was about to make a much-needed u-turn and reveal that all along the hero was actually a traitor of some sort. but no. in a kind of icing on the cake way (but with stale cheese, remember), it is revealed that the climax of the film was involving a bullet proof vest. how anyone can think that an audience 10 years ago, let alone in 2006 would be impressed by their ingenuity is beyond me, but it did well in summing up the film.actually, we're not quite done yet. after everyone has sucked face (uncle sam with leading actress, good guy with tiffany, token black guy with token white girl, and the hot couple in a heart warming bout of necrophilia), it's time for good guy and hero to get it on....in bali!!! nope, it wasn't at all exciting, the exclamation marks were just there to represent my utter joy at seeing the credits roll. yes, the final shot of the film is a celebratory surfing trip to convey the message that a bit of male bonding has occurred, and a chance for any morons that actually enjoyed the movie to whoop a few times. that's it. this is the first time i've ever posted a movie review, but i felt so strongly that somebody must speak out against this scourge of cinematography. if you like planes, snakes, samuel l.jackson, air hostesses, bad guys, surfing, dogs in bags or english people, then please, please don't see this movie. it will pollute your opinion of all of the above so far that you'll never want to come into contact with any of them ever again. go see united 93 instead. that was good.

this is not a film you can really analyse separately from it's production. the audience became the film-makers to an extent unprecedented in the history of the american film industry; we felt so involved that viewing it becomes like watching the work of a friend. how is it possible to be objective? this is our movie, isn't it? or is it? there may be nothing more disingenuous than a film-maker who promotes himself as the audience's friend, giving them all the naughty treats that the nannyish critics would deny them. just look at that prime self-publicist eli roth, promising gore-hounds all the viscera missing from literally gutless mainstream horror films, only to churn out a watered down and technically incompetent piece of work like 'hostel'.david r. ellis may not have spawned the monster that was the internet response to his film, but he was, quite understandably, quick to engage with it. he took the carnival-huckster school of film-making to a new level, getting the fans to build what they would eventually buy. so many have enthused over this interactive, democratic approach to film-making that they seem to have missed the point - that this is the most cynical form of film-as-marketing. nothing is included that the film-makers know the fans won't buy, and any old suggestion that will get bums on seats is incorporated. the fact that the pitch became the title tells you all you need to know.isn't this just the evolution of the focus group approach? individual creativity, talent, craft, ideas, all are sacrificed before the inane chatter of the masses. it's a critical commonplace that focus groups and test screenings don't make for good movies - why should the preemptive intervention of internet enthusiasts be any different? because we happen to be film fans? well, thank god for us, because otherwise i might not have seen a topless woman get her nipple bitten by a snake.so, yes, i had fun at the movie - a midnight showing, fresh from the pub and with a bucket of ice-cream - but it actually had relatively little to do with the film, and quite a lot to do with the atmosphere. like christmas, everyone seemed determined that they would have fun, no matter what. there was laughter, but i don't know if it was with the film, or at the film. with a film as calculated as this one, is that even a meaningful distinction? there are some genuinely good aspects to the film. samuel l. jackson gives a well-judged performance, pure self-parody but with a real sense of pleasure. rachel blanchard and lin shaye are decent in limited roles, and there are one or two inspired moments - the fate of the lap dog is genuinely funny black comedy that the rest of the film fails to emulate.the stock characters are to be expected, but the total lack of suspense isn't. what's the point of a film that combines two great phobias if there's no creeping menace? there are several snake-jumps-out moments, but they're incredibly badly staged. only the annoying british man gets a decent pulpy death scene - the other killings are oddly flat. the demise of the honeymoon couple, for instance, is shamefully botched. most of the actors fail to make an impression; it's a shame that a charismatic actress like julianna margulies should seem so tired (when she tells two kids to close their eyes and pretend the turbulent flight is a roller-coaster, she could be talking to the audience - the film falls far short).there are worse movies, but there are many, many better; another reviewer on this site compared this film with 'lake placid', and it's as apt a contrast as any i can think of. that film worked so magnificently because the performances were excellent, the jokes were funny, the suspense sequences were scary, and it wasn't devised by committee. that the characters had a little depth and shading was an unexpected bonus. i don't need a post-pub midnight showing to have a good time with that film.this film will, in time, fade to become a mere footnote in film history. if it sets a precedent, however, i'm genuinely worried about what might be crossing our screens in a couple of years time. in all probability, nothing much will come of it. perennial popcorn favourites - 'raiders of the lost ark', 'alien', 'halloween' and of course, 'star wars' - just aren't produced by group-think.in the mean time, i'll tell you what - i haven't half got a craving for some ingmar bergman.

this movie was the worst movie i have seen since "date movie." i was laughing through out the whole movie instead of being scared. it was funny how the snakes would search for particular section of the passengers body to attack for example, the eye, the tongue, the butt, the breast. if we have seen national geographic channel we know snakes wont stay clinched on the body once they bite. for each particular scene the snakes would bite the passengers and would stay on the body biting the person. i believe the producer did not study his information on snakes and their behavior. i cant believe i wasted my money on this movie.so i don't recommend this movie trust just wait until it is at the dollar theatre or rent it.

i am sick and tired of all these little weenies going on about how this movie "rocked". it is pure cg over-acted crap! don't send an assassin, it's much more sensible to smuggle hundreds of brightly colored, aggressive, venomous snakes on a plane! the only reason people like this movie because they feel they have to. it is not "so bad it's good" it's so bad i'd rather be poked in the eye with a sharp stick then be subjected to this again. i honestly thought was going to be a comedy like airplane! a spoof! was i wrong. it's that whole "it sucks, get it!" or samuel a. jackson yells "snakes on the plane! thing. well i'm sorry, i don't get it. it looks like a bunch of wimps gave the movie industry more money to make more movies like triple x and die hard. if you what spend money to watch a movie in the company of the same people who bought william hung's cd, still live in their mommies basement, and stink of plastic chair sweat from days on the computer playing online games and looking at porn, then rush to the theater and ask for one (since i doubt you have a girlfriend) ticket for snakes on a stupid-butt plane. to hell with movies like full metal jacket, pulp fiction, true romance, 12 monkeys, clerks, etc. there's no irony in watching good movies. the true decline of the western civilization. calling this a cult film is an insult to true cult classics like repo man, or even orgazmo. i've said enough here.

i saw the 10p.m. showing and i must say that this movie was nothing special. although i did not leave the theater wanting my time back (as i don't actually pay for movies anymore) i didn't really find any redeeming qualities.there were a few lines and such that made me chuckle, but mostly the film seemed to consist of rampant fan service to the younger (in mind more than age as this film is rated r) male audience. the fan service seemed out of place and rather distracting as well. i know you all want to hear samuel l. say his infamous line, but let's be honest, it's a whole lot of hype for very little pay off. the only truly horrible part of the film was the cg, which looked very digitized and did not mesh well with the live action on the screen.now i am a reasonable man, i knew going into the theater that i wasn't going to be seeing "casablanka," and i am at least thankful that this film is an original (albiet inane) idea and not some re-make or franchise spin off. however to be honest, if you are not a part of the cult following you are probably better off spending your money elsewhere and seeing the film either in a second run theater in a few weeks or renting it in a few months.

this movie deserves more than a 1. but i'm giving it a one because so many fricken fan boys have given it a 10 resulting in it getting a rating that'll take it into the top 100 list. seriously it's not that great its not that bad. its a stupid cult classic with so many fricken fan boys it's ridiculous. these are the types who probably still laugh at chuck norris jokes and still say "i'm rick james b!tch" no matter how old or annoying it gets. i dread having to hear "i'm tired of mfn snakes on this mfn plane" months from now from idiots trying to be funny. its crappy plot crap acting etc. its okay to love a bad movie, but you still gotta admit its a bad movie.wait for the marine starring john cena if you wanna see a real movie

when discussing a movie titled 'snakes on a plane', we should point out early that the snakes are pretty darn important to the plot.what we have here are very bad cgi snakes that neither look nor move like real snakes. snakes are scary because they appear to be slimy, they crawl they slither. these snakes do nothing of the sort. they glide along like they would in a video game. they are cartoon snakes. i would go as far to say that even someone that had a major phobia against real snakes would not find these ones scarywhy on earth then would you want to include extreme close ups of these cgi failures? why not rely on suspense.. the whole 'less is more' ethic. or better still, why not just make them look good in the first place? and then maybe still use them sparinglytake one look at john carpenters 'the thing'. here we have real slime, and gore of eerie proportions. 20 years go by and we get this pile of stinking sfx crap 'snakes on a plane'. when are these people going to wake up and smell the coffee? special effects are going backwards!sure you could say.. but the movie is a joke, get it? sure i'm with that idea, but do it well! in addition to the above, this movie has crap dialogue. and the music and sound effects are not creepy or memorable in any way.i could handle every other actor being part of this movie, except for jackson. what was he doing there? the man who starred in pulp fiction 10 years ago. is this career progression? are you offering people value for money? no. i'd like to know what tarantino thought when he was half way through this stinker of a moviethe current generation seem to have very low expectations. and hollywood seems to be offering them just what they want. on leaving the cinema i saw a number of advertisements for some truly horrendous looking future releases including... doa: dead or alive, (another) cgi animal film called 'flushed away', and another crap looking comedy named 'click'. in addition to that i saw some awful trailers, including one for (another) crap british horror/comedy. i've truly not seen the movie industry in a mess like this for a long timeexpect to see this movie for sale in the dvd bargain section for £1 in 6 months time. and if you're expecting to see a black comedy with tonnes of great looking snakes, and some bad ass cool dialogue coming from samuel l jacksons lips. forget it.

$25,000 pyramid clues: deep blue sea. tremors. slither. eight legged freaks.pyramid category: movies that were funnier and more thrilling than snakes on a plane.hell, with that definition i'd have to include the relatively harrowing journey of ted and elaine in airplane! as superior to snakes in both laughs and thrills.the sad truth is that this isn't even close to the mother of all unintentionally intentional funny snake movies: anaconda! besides the never to be seen again casting of jlo-cube-o.wilson-stoltz-wuhrer in the same flick, you had jon voight pulling off the all-time cinematic heist. his final scene alone represents everything soap tried and failed to do as a "so-ludicrous-it's-fun" movie.in the end, snakes on a plane is definitive proof that studio execs and fanboys make the worst collaborators possible. every big scene had been discussed and dissected so much the last year, all that was left to amuse by opening night was the amount of fanboy flop-sweat that had to be mopped up at my theater. i heard more forced laughs here than at a studio taping for "according to jim".

i truly wish i was not writing this review. i'm a christian, so i waited anxiously to see this movie. it seemed great -- a christian movie with some fairly famous stars and a plot that seemed intriguing (not that i buy the bible code itself -- you can make it say anything you want. i do, however believe everything inside the bible). so i'm sitting on the edge of my seat enjoying the previews, when the movie comes on and manages to destroy my mood in a matter of minutes. i had to bite my lip to stop from commenting on the terrible writing and acting while i was in the theater (i would have been torn to pieces by the people cheering at the rather clumsy but basically uplifting scenes and gasping at the insanely obvious and predictable tension scenes, i'm sure). once the final credits began to roll, however, i could reflect. there were many parts of the movie i liked -- some mostly unexpected plot twists, some effects that were indeed special (i'm not counting the visions. those were poorly done), and some interesting technical work -- fades, sets, that type of thing. unfortunately, i got the distinct impression that if i read the book of revelation to a monkey and set the monkey in front of a typewriter for an hour, i could've gotten a better script. and the music was beyond cheesy (even for a bond fan who likes kinda cheesy music in scenes of action and intrigue). so i wish i could be like everyone else in the theater -- like the people who came out crying and breathless because of how incredible it was -- but i'm not someone who can be appeased by a writer who throws some words over a biblical shell and slaps a christian stamp on it. i need a good plot and believable dialogue before i can enjoy most movies, and this just didn't have either. i'm sorry, but i wouldn't recommend this film to anyone. and that's the tragedy. when will we see some intelligent christian fiction? it has to be out there somewhere...

the more i analyze this film, the worse it becomes. first of all, why a motivational speaker? that part was just stupid. i mean, why would a megalomaniac trying to control the world rely on a motivational speaker? is alexander stone really that disorganized? first he can't decide what he wants to do to control the world, so he looks to the bible for ideas. many of these ideas, i might add, really have no reliability(for example, the part of the "the houses of ishmael and isaac shall scream out in terror" could have already happened. it could have been have been the synagogues burned during krystalnacht and the mosques could very well have been the mosques blown up in baghdad or something.) and gillen lane's family! they had no part except to provide a family values platfrom and dab their eyes with water! i might add that since casper van dien/gillen lane is only in his twenties(or that's the impression that i had)and has a ten year child, he had his child during high school. yeah, there goes tbn's family values. also, why did this film have to be so damn propaganda-like? i'll repeat what an earlier reviewer said. the indiana jones flicks use christian mythology as a plot dvice and manipulate it well so that we are intoxicated. this film doesn't do that. the beginnig starts off well, with michael ironsides playing a priest who murders a scholar off some sort and steals the dead guy's omega code. then when confronted by two men who he is obviously afraid of, the two prophets tell him "tell your master that we are here!". dominic(ironsides) replies "he already knows" and points to a small surveillance camera. that part sent chills up my spine. had only it gone on like that one scene i would have loved this film. i'll give michael york credit: he does a fine job of acting out his character, as does michael ironsides. but the good guys are horrible. i've already went on about lane's family. now that i'm over the acting, i'll get on to plot. this is obviously a baptist film, since our beloved pope of the vatican is portrayed as an oaf. the world domination plot i liked and found plausible and subtle, as were the action sequences were also thrilling and well-done. also another diatribe against the vatican, their leaders are seen as dogmatically minded, since gillen explains to the pope that it's not the end of the world, but the beginning of a new one also, the vatican (or israelis)says their going to secede from the world union aince they used the omega code to control the world. whoever it was, they wouldn't just secede, they'd send over commandoes and kill them. this is the equivalent of america knowing about the kgb going to kill the president and simply saying "we're not going to talk to you any more!". come on! i did enjoy the scenes where we see bombers headed towards israel and see them again on the monitor. mediocre in short.

booted out of heaven, a gang of horny naked female angels (with big plastic fangs) have taken up residence in a spooky forest where they feed upon any hapless souls who should wander by. it's not long before a group of friends on a road trip are falling victim to the bloodthirsty babes… an independent low budget horror made in the uk, forest of the damned takes an interesting premise and flushes it down the pan with some of the worst acting, effects and direction i have seen in a long time.director johannes roberts shows some occasional flair behind the camera – the scenes in the delapidated house are fairly tense and there are some deftly handled 'shock' moments - but for the most part the film is technically amateurish. throw in some truly awful performances from horror icons tom savini and shaun hutson, and you have one real bad movie on your hands.some fun may be derived from the film's sheer shoddiness, and there is loads of female nudity for the guys to savour, but most will find this a chore to sit through.

oh god where to begin......bad acting....characters you just don't care about... are they american or british... they seem to think they are in america, because where else is this enormous forest in the midlands...one big fault... they are driving all night through these woods... unless they are going around and around they'd have been in scotland come the morning.. when the whiny one knocks the poor wandering woman over....and they're mobiles don't work.. so what do they do... split up of course, make it easier to be picked off... so three go looking for a house that might be there in the middle of nowhere and two stay behind to 'care' for the unconscious woman... so what do they do, rather than make her comfortable, cushion her head, cover her up or even move her off the blooming road they just leave her lying on the hard road while they go and make a fire 100 yrds away....and all the time they have a camper van they could put her in...and onto the horny angels that are supposed to have desired human kind so much that they were ejected from heaven to live amongst us...so what do they do? embark on sexual relations with any men they encounter?.........no they bite huge chunks out of them and rip their heads off... i think they are missing the point...these are not gorgeous sexually deprived former angels they are cannabalistic vampires... and as for tom savini saying how breath takingly beautiful they are....well those gals have good bodies but nothing special in the face dept. the lead role was far more pretty than these so called irresistible sirens...rubbish film waste of £2.30 from my local library...

note to horror fans: the only horror here is when you realized you just wasted 95 minutes of your life on a movie that's so worthless it's insulting.i watched this because:the premise sounded slightly promising: it's not. it's just an excuse to use the same lame set pieces from other low-budget slasher films that weren't good either. the promise of naked forest nymphs sounded nice even if the movie turned out to be awful: it's not. it's so not. the amateur cinematography makes sure the "fallen angels" are about as sexy as the average homeless person.the name tom savini has a long history in the horror genre: he's the king of low-budget special effects and lower-budget acting. come to think of it, savini should have been a reason not to watch this movie. it's not that he's bad, but he's almost always in bad movies. his only good role was in from dusk till dawn, and he's been milking that at horror conventions ever since.but let's focus on the positive: forest of the damned is a great example of how not to make a movie. everything else is a negative. obviously the writer is allergic to originality. the script is terrible. that's all a given after the first 10 minutes. but the clueless pacing; the way the director treats "plot" and "characterization" as a nuisance he thinks no one cares about anyway; and the excruciatingly long and boring driving, walking, and nature sequences (no doubt added to increase the running time to make the film qualify for distribution) show a complete lack of aptitude for film and storytelling in general.this is another good example of the number-one way you can tell if a movie is going to be bad: if it's written and directed by the same person, expect garbage.

i rented this flick for one reason tom savini, i respect his work but this was a real let down, i had horrible clichés, half of the film was naked women so called "fallen angels" running around trying to act scary, oh and then there was the occasional "blair witch" black and white motion sicken camera scenes. tom's character was really awful, horrible script. and you got to love these lines they use. "is anyone there, who is out there, this isn't funny" no but your acting was. i wish i could give this flick a 0! oh the names of the characters. judd, molly, ally, emilio, but they did leave out anthony, the breakfast club reunite in the forest of unforgivable acting.

this movie was pretty much a waste of an hour and a half of my time. i generally like the cheap horror monster type movies, but this movie was a disappointment. the main flaw being the lack of explaining the creatures. when they entered the house and found the man he could have at lease explained them. he doesn't really say anything about them other than that they killed his parents, and unless i missed something the didn't say how he managed to escape either... not to mention the fact that it gives no clue or reason why the only survivor stays and essentially feeds the creatures after her own near death experience. it would have seemed that she would have had the opportunity to leave after the "cross incident".

the plot was very thin, although the idea of naked, sexy, man eating sirens is a good one.the film just seemed to meander from one meaningless scene to another with far too few nuddie/splatter/lesbian mouth licking shots in between.the characters were wooden and one dimensional.the ending made no sense.considering it had tom savini and shaun hutson in it, you would have expected a decent plot and decent special effects. some of the effects were quite good but there were just too few of them.brownie points go for occasional flashes of tits and bush, naturally, and of course the lesbian moments. i also thought that the scene with the sirens bathing in the pool under the waterfall could be viewed as an innovative take on the 'shower scene'the film had many of the elements that go into making a first rate horror film but they were poorly executed or used too sparsely.if i had been watching this alone and aged 15, i would have really enjoyed it for about 10 minutes (with 1 hand of the remote control), then lost interest suddenly and needed a pizza...

well this is a typical "straight to the toilet" slasher film.long story short, a bunch of teenagers/young adults becoming stranded in the middle of creepy woods and get hacked down by naked nymphomaniac demons.this movie has all the basics for this slasher fromage:-naked women, -teens or young adults being marooned in someplace spooky, -gory death scenes, -the last survivor being a well built young woman who will always show off her midriff, but never bra less, -a creepy, crazy man who knows about the evil, -lesbian kiss scene, -sex being a killer, -no ploteven then for a cheesy slasher film, it was really terrible. the atmosphere is totally dead. nothing, not even the sexually explicit scenes and nudity, was enough to keep the male and lesbian female audience interested. watching it felt like it was being watched with a nasty head congestion or a nasty head cold.give the demonic ..... 0/10.

forest of the damned starts out as five young friends, brother & sister emilio (richard cambridge) & ally (sophie holland) along with judd (daniel maclagan), molly (nicole petty) & andrew (david hood), set off on a week long holiday 'in the middle of nowhere', their words not mine. anyway, before they know it they're deep in a forest & emilio clumsily runs over a woman (frances da costa), along with a badly injured person to add to their problems the van they're travelling in won't start & they can't get any signals on their mobile phones. they need to find help quickly so molly & judd wander off in the hope of finding a house, as time goes by & darkness begins to fall it becomes clear that they are not alone & that there is something nasty lurking in the woods...this english production was written & directed by johannes roberts & having looked over several other comments & reviews both here on the imdb & across the internet forest of the damned seems to divide opinion with some liking it & other's not, personally it didn't do much for at all. the script is credited on screen to roberts but here on the imdb it lists joseph london with 'additional screenplay material' whatever that means, the film is your basic backwoods slasher type thing like the texas chainsaw massacre (1974) with your basic stranded faceless teenage victims being bumped off but uses the interesting concept of fallen angels who roam the forest & kill people for reason that are never explained to any great deal of satisfaction. then there's stephen, played by the ever fantastic tom savini, who is never given any sort of justification for what he does. is he there to get victims for the angels? if so why did he kill andrew by bashing his head in? the story is very loose, it never felt like a proper film. the character's are poor, the dialogue not much better & the lack of any significant story makes it hard to get into it or care about anything that's going on. having said that it moves along at a reasonable pace & there are a couple of decent scenes here.director johannes doesn't do anything special, it's not a particularly stylish or flash film to look at. there's a few decent horror scenes & the tom savini character is great whenever he's on screen (although why didn't he hear judd breaking the door down with an axe while escaping with molly?) & it's a shame when he gets killed off. there are a couple of decent gore scenes here, someone has their head bashed in, there's a decapitation, someone gets shotgun blasted, someone throat is bitten out, someones lips are bitten off & someone is ripped in half. there is also a fair amount of full frontal female nudity, not that it helps much.technically forest of the damned is ok, it's reasonably well made but nothing overly special or eye-catching. this was shot in england & wales & it's quite odd to see an english setting for a very american themed backwards horror. the acting is generally pretty poor save for savini who deserves to be in better than this. horror author shaun hutson has an embarrassing cameo at the end & proves he should stick to writing rather than acting.forest of the damned was a pretty poor horror film, it seems to have fans out there so maybe i'm missing something but it's not a film i have much fondness for. apart from one or two decent moments there's not much here to recommend.

from the start this film was awful! why was it that bad?? if it isn't the naked women, not only in need of a decent plastic surgeon but also the expertise of a dentist followed by a free hand out of colgate whitening!! then it's the 'crazy' old guy at the gas station, who isn't so much crazy, but more "i'm not sure how to act a great deal so i will stare straight ahead and look as stupid as i can while pretending to shout in robotic tones about something in the woods"!! then back to these naked nymphs in need of a cure for gingivitis.... apparently, without touching you...and this is according to the opening scene.... they can cause a nasty looking red rash on your neck, which i assumed to be a chunk of flesh missing but just looks as though it could do with some tcp to clear it right up. then you have sophie holland who plays ally, i have never seen such baaaaaad acting, she is more of a "me me me, if i'm not having fun no-one else is, and i don't wanna do this so i won't, and i'm the meanest cow on the planet, i'm sarcastic, petty and if i don't get things my way i will sulk!", kind of person.... reminds me more of a 6 yr old girl's attitude. i don't think it's even worth mentioning the dire camera angles that remind me of blair witch, or how low-budget the film actually was that when judd was hacking at the 'locked' door it was in fact open before he reached to unlock it from the other side!! this film is completely laughable! if it were a spoof then it would have been successful...only just though, but, as a horror film is was just plain wrong!!! i can't even being to describe everything that went t!ts up in this movie i would run out of room! although it was funny to watch andrew drip raspberry juice in his ear every time he opened his mouth while tom savini's character was completely blind to the two hiding under the table directly in his line of vision!! it was even funnier when these two thought they could escape on a god damn tractor, which as we all know is thee number one hated vehicle to get stuck behind since its so god damn slow! so is it any wonder they don't get away with it?? and how many people do you know that can slice open their wrist and then run around for hours as if nothing ever happened! no pain, no weakening from blood loss, nothing!? but the silliest part is when all of a sudden (and i mean that literally) it's one year later and molly is still wandering the woods after having escaped the nymphs, and then lo and behold, shaun hutson picks her up...of course not without a line to promote his books!! (altho admittedly he is one of my fav authors) but suddenly, and with absolutely no hint of an xplanation as to how and why... she's evil herself and lures hutson to his death, then we cut to the crazy dude from the beginning suddenly wandering round the woods with a petrol can, even after his 'dazzling' performance on why no-one should ever venture there for whatever reason...cue the nymphs stupidly slappin each other around a bit for fun while crazy pours petrol everywhere....and here endeth the film....finally! my conclusion....if you hadn't already guessed by now....absolute rubbish! there was no proper thought went into it at all, whoever was aiming the camera needed firing...and come to think of it so did 99% of the cast! if the right director, actors, and budget got behind this it could have been decent. but, once again, low-budget english horror films but the rest of the genre, the country, and the english film-making industry to shame!! (and i'm english so i'm allowed to say that)! in fact the only decent and exciting part of the movie is in the first 15-20 mins when we watch it turn from night to day over a field type area. all i kept thinking throughout this was "jesus christ in heaven why oh why did you allow someone to make this, its absolute cow's testicles!!" but i can't turn a film off after i've started watching it unfortunately. i had to watch from dusk til dawn afterwards just to remind myself that tom savini does have it in him to act well! if there was an option for 0/10 then believe me i woulda chose that, cuz this film isn't even worth the one point i did give it! but this is just my opinion, watch it and decide for yourself.

oh boy, where do i go with this one? herendous acting, weak plot, stupid deaths, pointless nudity...this isn't entertainment...this is hell.hell.don't waste your money, time, or life on this pit of evil.it's just...god damn is this movie awful! tom savini, why?! why would you waste your life on this crap? this movie not worth it. i'd rather snort crack and smash my head up against a wall than watch this...this sinful act again!please take my advice and stay the f#@k away from this elephant turd of a film. no, you know what? i shouldn't even have to call this thing a film! just stay away!

i've seen a lot of movies and rarely would i ever rate a movie "1" but this movie was beyond terrible.the acting was terrible, the plot was ridiculous, the effects were unrealistic and the characters were annoying. usually when i watch scary movies i think it's dumb when the characters hears a noise in house/forest/school/etc and then yells out "hello is anyone there?" - but at least they're believable when they do it.. this movie couldn't even get that right.this is a movie that'll make other b-horror movies like venom and the fog look like academy award winning masterpieces.i always have an open mind while watching movies and i can only say that this movie was a complete waste of time and i write this comment so that anyone else who's thinking of watching this movie will think again. it's awful!

angels who got a little icky were banned from heaven and now reside in a british forest where they seduce and chop up teens. talk about high concept. on the plus side this little mother gives us tom savini, but since his acting range is limited to two minutes screen-time, his five minute presence seems a tad long. the angels run around the forest naked for the most part of the movie, but though they might have the body of an angel, their faces sure look like joan rivers on a bad day. mediocre acting and amateurish gore-effects don't help and the night scenes fatally recall paris hilton's most famous movie. so bad that it is really bad.

this movie is a terrible waste of time. although it is only an hour and a half long it feels somewhere close to 4. i have never seen a movie move so slowly and so without a purpose. this is also a "horror" film that takes place a lot of the time during daylight. my friend and i laughed an insane amount of times when we were probably supposed to be scared.the only thing we want to know is why such a terrible movie was released in so many countries. it cannot be that high in demand. the supermodel nicole petty should stick to modeling because although she is beautiful she lost her accent so many times in this movie, half of the time she is british and half the time she is american.

this film actually works from a fairly original idea - i've never seen nymphs that were thrown out of heaven in a horror movie before anyway. however, the way that it executes this idea isn't original in the slightest; we follow a bunch of kids that, for some reason decide to go on a trip into the forest. the fact that the forest is inhabited by these nymphs make it more interesting than merely another forest filled by rednecks/nutcases/zombies etc; but really, the monsters are just a variation on the common horror in the woods theme. many films of this ilk don't have a single good idea - and it would seem that this one has worn its brain cells out with just that one. the only real asset that the monsters bring to the table is the fact that they're beautiful women that the characters lust for, rather than being hideous grotesques that they want to run away from. this is good up until a point; but it soon gets boring, and the almost complete lack of any back-story surrounding the central monsters ensures that the film is never going get itself out of the 'horror trash' category.it's been years since the evil dead made the woodlands a prime horror location, and in spite of films like the blair witch project; it still makes for an excellent horror setting. this is one of the film's major assets, as the forest presents a good impression of the unknown - the only problem is that forest of the damned doesn't ever seem to have much up its sleeve. the death sequences show a distinct lack of imagination, and the fact that all the characters are clichéd in the extreme doesn't help, as you're more likely to be looking forward to seeing them get killed rather than hoping they can get away. the cast is made up of kids mainly, but there is a role here for tom savini; who unfortunately doesn't get to have fun in the special effects department. the only real highlight the film has where personnel are concerned comes from the nymphs themselves. the naked ladies tend to look great, and if it wasn't for them, this film would get very boring very quickly. there's nothing to recommend this film for really; but if you want a daft little horror film that harks back to the style of eighties woodland flicks, you might find some enjoyment here.

for the first forty minutes, empire really shapes itself up: it appears to be a strong, confident, and relatively unknown gangster flick. at the time i didn't know why, i thought it was good- but now i do. one of the main problems with this film is that it is purely and utterly distasteful. i don't mind films with psychos and things, to prove a point- take jackie brown, for example- but they're all so terribly shallow in this, but that is obviously thrown in for entertainment. you literally feel a knot pull in your stomach. another major problem is the protagonist. he is smug, arrogant, yet- ironically enough- not that bad. he doesn't seem tight enough to be a drug-dealing woman killer. the fact is, at the end of the day, this film is completely pretentious. not slick, not clever, just dull, and meaningless- this colossal mess should be avoided at all costs. * out of ***** (1 out of 5)

i actually intended to see this movie in the theatre. it was actually sold out. i actually went to see solaris instead, which actually was the worst movie to be released in 2002.victor rosa (john leguizamo), a tough, streetwise 'street pharmacist', freaks out when he sees a kid get shot, so he decides to go clean and invest all of his money with jack (peter sarsgaard). things seem to be going pretty well until jack skips town with his girlfriend trish (denise richards). this happened very late in the movie, so had they not revealed this in the preview, it might have been an interesting twist. but they did, so it's not.in fact, there's not a single interesting thing about this movie; everything is given away in the preview. if you saw even one preview, you saw the whole movie, so you might just want to think really hard to fill in the gaps. go to the website, download the preview, save yourself $3.99. there is not a single surprise or twist in the entire film, other than how terrible the soundtrack is.i hope that whoever was in charge of writing the soundtrack was fired. twice. most of it is what music would be like if the only songs allowed to be released were ricky martin and gloria estefan duets, and (i may shatter the fabric of the space-time continuum with a concept as mind-numbing as this) they both had less talent and musical ability.the acting is at best poor, the script is at best a crime against humanity, and denise richards is at best 67% styrofoam and 33% ziploc bag. you know things are bad when john leguizamo (he was in the pest!) upstages the rest of the cast with his acting abilities.

the plot was predictable, and fighting with guns gets old, but this is a definate movie to look at if you have a low iq and don't really care about real movies. i would endulge in true art movies, like 'clerks', 'something about mary', 'el mariachi', or 'la taqueria'.

tedious girls-at-reform-school flick, which plays somewhat like a prison movie. chris (linda blair) is stuck in there after running away from her abusive father. once in the de facto jail, she is gang raped by her fellow female "inmates".overlong (even at 98 minutes), with an utterly pointless ending which makes the entire film seem pointless.15 year old linda blair does her best to avoid showing her body when unclothed, but lets a nipple shot slip during a shower scene.*1/2 out of ****

i discovered this movie with a retailer selling oop's. and this one surely is an oop. one year after the exorcist she's back in business with this movie but what we all new was that the career of blair never broke out, she never became a mega star. that's one of the reason's many of her films are oop. she gives a good performance in this movie. it's about a reject not recognized by her parents and doesn't have any friends. played at an age of 15 playing a girl of 14, that's funny. the movie is also known for the rape scene in the showers were they stick a broomstick up her virginity. in most editions it's cut out, why, i don't know, no blood is involved, okay, blair is butt naked but nothing is shown, no t&a so nothing to offend people. but the movie is slow, extremely slow. it doesn't happy normally to me but i almost felt asleep. it's just about that 14 year old becoming a rebel against society but no blood flows, no gore no nothing. why this is categorized in horror is still a wonder to me. if you're a fan of blair, buy it if you can find it otherwise leave it as it is.

i picked this one up because the music was done by hans zimmer, a customer of metasonix modular synths (made by someone dear to me). the jacket art says "the 2003 version".i give it one point for a strong female, one point for cheezy dialog and one last point for meg foster's light blue eyes, of which there are plenty of shots of.it was fun seeing david maccullum casually swimming (the pool has a plexiglass viewing window!), while his lady love was being chased by a psycho in greece. the sets were marginally impressive-that is, rich people's houses in l.a. and mendanassos (sp?), where the castle was. i found myself wondering how they were able to keep up the cleaning with all the dust blowing around. the wind wasn't fierce enough to be believable to me. i kept thinking that the animal pelts on the furniture must be nasty...etc. and realized that the film must be pretty boring if i am wondering these things when the supposed plot was unfolding. i stumbled over things like why did she light a fire, blow out the match, then throw the match into the fire?! dumb stuff like that. it was clunky at best. oh well. robert morely got to have a bit of fun with his kooky geezer character and a nice vacation out of it.

1st watched 12/6/2009 - 4 out of 10 (dir-walter lang): disappointing musical from a character development standpoint, in my opinion, from this much-heralded rodgers and hammerstein piece. there a couple of good songs and a decent comical portrayal, at times, of the king of siam by yul brynner -- but the movie doesn't really do a good job of presenting the situation and the settings. i can only blame the screenplay and possibly some of the acting as to why we don't fully understand the character's and their situations. i know it might be a little too much to ask of a musical meant for the enjoyment of the songs and the dancing, but even this part didn't stand out a lot for me. the basic storyline is about an english woman coming to siam to teach the children about upscale european things. we find out later that the king is actually the biggest pupil. there is a side forbidden romance between the king's newest wife, played by rita moreno(a latino as an arab--come on!!) and a former lover that causes some complications but nothing really mesmerizing added though. deborah kerr, as the main female character annie -- is ok but not that convincing either. the king learns some things because of her presence and then the movie fades away as he does. this is really a miniscule story with some songs and dancing but not that great of an experience for a viewer really.

disappointing musical version of margaret landon's "anna and the king of siam", itself filmed in 1946 with irene dunne and rex harrison, has deborah kerr cast as a widowed schoolteacher and mother who travels from england to siam in 1862 to accept job as tutor to the king's many children--and perhaps teach the royal one a thing or two in the process! stagy picture begins well, but quickly loses energy and focus. yul brynner, reprising his stage triumph as the king, is a commanding presence, but is used--per the concocted story--as a buffoon. kerr keeps her cool dignity and fares better, despite having to lip-synch to marni nixon's vocals. perhaps having already played this part to death, brynner looks like he had nothing leftover for the screen translation except bombast. second-half, with anna and the moppets staging a musical version of "uncle tom's cabin" is quite ridiculous, and the rodgers and hammerstein songs are mostly lumbering. brynner won a best actor oscar, but it is feisty kerr who keeps this bauble above water. overlong, heavy, and 'old-fashioned' in the worst sense of the term. ** from ****

a lot of other reviewers here, including many whose opinions i respect, hold this slice of european sleaze horror in high regard. personally, i didn't like it at all. its an incoherent attempt at a atmospheric period cross between sex and violence. jess franco at his best makes these kinds of films very well. unfortunately, the infamous exploitation filmmaker joe d'amato does not. d'amato's most well known films are infamous for their high gross-out quotient. this, an early film by him, doesn't have the constant disgusting scenes that his more notorious "anthropophagous" and "beyond the darkness" did. ultimately, its an incoherent film that doesn't manage to involve the viewer in any way. without the sleaze factor either, it becomes very boring. as i said, others have enjoyed this film, but i just found it to be a perfect example of incredibly lazy writing.there are a few pluses for the film. ewa aulin (from "candy") is in it, and she looks pretty hot and is often naked. however, cult film icon klaus kinski is completely wasted in a subplot with no connection to the main film. he seems bored with the role and doesn't have the manic intensity he does at his finest. the music score is nice and there are some brief moments of unintentionally funny gore. still, this is a pretentious and pointless film that manages to be incredibly boring. (3/10)

i saw this movie in its own time period, when having a baby out of wedlock not only ruined your life, but stamped your child as a bastard. in these days of 'single mothers' that may seem very far-fetched, but it was very true. and i'm not crazy about laughing at someone who is stammering, either. between these two problems i had difficulty finding this movie funny. at that time i didn't know who had directed it or what a marvelous reputation he had. i did know who betty hutton was, and she just made me nervous because she was so frenetic. i loved "bringing up baby", but i find this movie just embarrassing. i'm sure the punch at some church functions probably was spiked, but i was the one needing a drink after watching this again. the idea the girl would have to be drunk in order to 'get married' and get pregnant just added to the misery. an entire town could turn on you under these circumstances, so the outcome of this movie is really the funny part. of course, shoot me, i don't like "it's a wonderful life" either.

this very low budget comedy caper movie succeeds only in being low budget. dialog is dumbfoundingly stupid, chase scenes are uniformly boring, and most of the on-screen money seems to have been saved for a series of crashes and explosions in a parking lot during the film's last five minutes (a briefly glimpsed port-a-potty early in that scene is certain to wrecked and spew crap on the film's chief villain--no prop is here without a purpose). the whole film is depressingly reminiscent of those that occasionally came out of rodger corman's studio when he'd give a first time director a few bucks and a camera--but without the discipline corman would impose.

time spent watching this film was time wasted. i do not dislike science fiction. i do not reject any genre per se, since good work can be done in any genre. this film, however is not good work. i cannot fault the visuals (when not involving alien makeups), and the special effects are impressive. the story was not out-and-out bad, for a trekkish comic book. but the fx visuals were obviously where all the makers' interest/attention/money went. the direction alternated between sluggish and confusing (one was not at all sure exactly who was doing what and with what and to whom at at least one crucial juncture). the "acting" was mostly very bad indeed. there was no basis to most of the line readings besides a hint of "it was that way on the page and the director told me i was supposed to be mad/sad/scared/whatever. okay, so it was a sf series pilot. since when is that an excuse for correctable shoddiness in areas when should be regarded as essential to a dramatic medium. i'm astonished the pilot sold the series. or is the money also in the hands of technerds?

the real shame of "the gathering" is not in the bad acting, nor is it in the despicably shallow plot. the real shame is that it was far worse than the series it begun, even though it did have one main attraction: takashima. i would love to see laurel takashima in a room with susan ivanova, even for just five minutes. she has that sarcasm, that wit, that double-edged personality that is at once volatile and lovable. sadly, though, the "babylon 5" pilot movie has an incredibly dull story involving assassination. patricia tallman-- who never seriously returned to the series until much later-- fortunately got much better with age as lyta alexander, who here is little more than a whiny, tiresome telepath. i shall leave you with one final thought-- why is it that delenn looks like some sort of outer-space frog man (even though she is a woman)? thank heavens for the way the minbari looked later in the show.

you can give jms and the boys a pass on this one because they were at the beginning of their series and on a small budget, but the movie is still sub-par. dont get me wrong, b5 the series is by far the best tv series ever, but if i was an exec seeing this movie, i wouldnt have ordered the series. i dont like o'hare as an actor, the costumes are silly, and there are tons of cliches. the same can be said for most of the first season (with the exception of babylon squared and survivors); bruce immediately put a fire into the series and it went on to be an amazing spectacle. if you are a b5 fan and havent seen this movie, see it. if you arent a b5 fan, dont...you wont want to watch the series.

while i count myself as a fan of the babylon 5 television series, the original movie that introduced the series was a weak start. although many of the elements that would later mature and become much more compelling in the series are there, the pace of the gathering is slow, the makeup somewhat inadequate, and the plot confusing. worse, the characterization in the premiere episode is poor. although the ratings chart shows that many fans are willing to overlook these problems, i remember the gathering almost turned me off off what soon grew into a spectacular series.

i thought this movie seemed like a case study in how not to make a movie for the most part. since i am a filmmaker, i give it a 2 for consistency.the problems remain from beginning to end with the plot being extremely predictable using bits and pieces of most, if not all, previous successful war stories. the computer generated graphics were too much like viewing a video game at points and there seemed to be no attempt by the director to add some realistic quality to the story. i was interested in the budget to get an idea of what he had to work with, but did not find that information.it seemed like this project pushed the limits of a low budget movie too far resulting in a production that drags the viewer along with the story without their imagination being engaged. the actors weren't bad, but the plot needs more innovation.

wow. i have seen some really bad movies in my time, but this one truly takes the cake. it's the worst movie i've seen in the past decade - no exaggeration.as a us army veteran of the war in afghanistan, i found it nearly impossible to even finish watching this ridiculous film, not because it brought back memories - far from it - but because there was absolutely no attempt at "authenticity" to be found anywhere in the film. not so much as the tiniest little shred. it seemed like it had been written by an 8 year-old child who got all his notions of war (and soldierly behavior) straight out of comic books. the film was made in honduras, which should have been a clue, but even that can't fully explain the atrocious production values of this cliché-ridden piece of trash.i could try to list all the endless technical flaws, but it would take virtually forever. from the ancient unit shoulder patches which have not been seen or worn since wwii, and the character's name tags, like "colcollins" (worn by the character "colonel collins"), which was actually spelled using the reversed, mirror-image "n" of the russian alphabet (not the us alphabet) the list just goes on and on. the uniforms, the equipment, the plot, and most especially the behavior of the characters themselves -- every single scene was just chock-full of ridiculous flaws, inaccuracies and utterly mindless clichés.neither the storyline itself nor the characters were the least bit credible or believable. it was all laughably childish, in the extreme. this was obviously a movie that was meant to appeal strictly to pre-pubescent boys, and i have little doubt that even they would find this film utterly absurd.in short, this film has absolutely no redeeming qualities at all. it's a total waste of time. i'd strongly advise anybody reading this to pass this garbage by; it's truly not worth wasting a single moment of your time for.

i tried to watch this movie in a military camp during an overseas mission, and let me tell you, you'll watch anything under those circumstances. not this piece of sh*t though.the first five minutes set the tone by weak porn-movie quality acting, weird out-of-the-blue plot twists and unbelievable situations and behavior. it gets worse after that. this movie does not have one single saving grace, and yet it is not bad in a way that would make it funny to watch. it's just horrible. i've seen quite many movies in my life and i'm not one of those snobby know-all critics, i mean i'll enjoy most movies to some extent even if they're bad. this one... man.steer _well_ clear of this one, my friend.

dont let the mpaa fool you with their "rated r for extreme violence" there is definatly no extreme violence in this boring peice of s*t. i expected some cheap rambo 3 type action that the trailer promised, however its just boring boring nonsense with tons of lame slow mo flashbacks that make no sense. avoid!

my wife is a fanatic as regards this show. that being the case i bought her seasons one through three and season four is on order. i personally think the show is one big farce the cast is equally bad. alyssa milano should have stuck to the other trash movies she made such as poison ivy, embrace of the vampire to name a few, the other female supporting cast members are equally inept in their portrayals. i've seen better special effects in the old republic pictures serials i saw as a child. i can understand why the male leads remained on the show for such short periods of time even though i don't know if it was their own choosing or not. please. please don't renew for another season as enough is enough, bob

***slight spoilers***a hunchback 15-year-old boy kisses a very cute 15-year-old girl and eventually he has sex for the first time. after the act, he lays in the bed with her not touching her. the next day he concludes that he does not like sex much and does not want to try it again for at least a few years.this is seemingly a fine opening for a teleplay about a boy discovering his homosexuality, or perhaps a medical drama about a post-pubescent teen with a severe hormone deficiency.however, as the plot develops what emerges is a story of a 15-year-old father who is supported and encouraged by his overbearing mother.at one point, his mother preaches to her co-workers who are not as understanding as they might be, "every step of the way in this, my son has been amazing... i have never been more proud of him..."the young father's older sister, who otherwise is cold towards her brother, begins to show pride in her sibling, "you have been cool about this," as she gives him an encouraging warm hug.the 15-year-old father wants to be a father. he wants to be a parent.why not? we see the "new" baby a few minutes after birth -- it appears to be a healthy, happy 4-month-old infant. just as babies were born on tv in the 1960's and 1970's.once the young father is a parent, he has found happiness. he insists he will be the one to change the dirty diaper. we see the 15-year-old father sincerely happy holding his baby while the teen's busy=body mother is peaking over his shoulder. fade to black.

i had been subjected to this movie for a relationship class in my school. as figured it was nothing captivating and nothing new. though it tries to be original by focusing on the teen father instead of the mother showing the problems that the dad would go through. it had an interesting side to it but it just doesn't live up to its originality due to the fact nothing else in this movie was original. we have the main character who has the older sister who like in every other movie like this has a thing against him, we have the stay at home mother who expects too much and when he gives more she feels offended and leaves him in the dust, then we have the father who is always gone. then the girls side we have the parents who want everything and expect her to be perfect at all she does. on to the story like i said it was interesting but the lack of good acting from the entire cast and the lack of any good writing or storytelling. everything about this fell into cliché the little nerd kid in school starts studying with girl, they get together, have sex and then boom we have a little kid. perhaps it could've been better had the writing been well better and had the acting been improved i've seriously gotten more emotion out of leatherface and his chainsaw than i did out of any actor in this film and that's pretty bad seeing as the leatherface movies are crap and horridly acted. so far the only interesting teen pregnancy movie i've seen was juno. so far the comical side of this serious situation has proved more entertaining while still giving the same message. like i said the idea was original most of these films focus on the teen mother but this one chose not to instead it focuses on the drama of the father but again the originality does not save this movie from mediocrity. i really hope someone decides to either re-make this movie with a better cast and a better writer or just make another similar film because this one was wasted potential.

with the exception of family, this new season is worse than season one. i can't imagine what they are thinking. as a fan of horror, can tolerate a lot of gore and mindless mayhem, but this series gets worse with each outing. i can't imagine how disheartening it must be for the actors and crew to go to work each day, toiling to churn out such crap. story! is that too much to ask for? character! how can we give damn about the fate of anyone in these stories? if we are not engaged, who cares if they get carved up or whatever? almost every episode ends with mindless blood letting, going for gross out shock without any sense of revelation or conclusion or reason why we have been subjected to an hour of bloodletting. even dante's effort this season had some disturbing sexist violence and wandered off to a pointless conclusion. ironically, the production values and performances tend to be up to speed, while the content is utter crap. i have great hopes for exec producer's garris's valarie under the stairs, but we shall see.

honestly,the concept behind "masters of horror" had something going for it. big-time horror directors that are now left aside by the industry being given a chance to direct horror again, i was all for it from the start. that is, until i watched some episodes... oh boy, it's really bad tv. not only does it seem like the directors are being given very little budgets to direct their skits, but there seems to be guidelines as well, like shooting in hd for example. to make a long story short, it's bad both for artistic and reasons financial reasons. i cannot help but compare to the "tales from the crypt", and the m.o.h. episodes really don't stand the comparison. tftc was good, moh is bad; according to me here are a few keys to explain it: tftc was shorter (around 25 minutes for each episode) than moh (50 minutes per episode), i believe it allowed denser screenplays, with good ideas reoccurring more often, better overview of an episode, less chances to let the plot be confusing or boring. duration might have been also the reason why the budget was better spent on tftc: directors got to have real film music composers (composers on moh are if inexistent, very bad), real actors (whereas on moh it's nothing but unknown actor after unknown actor!), real directors of photography and, it can help sometimes, real film cameras (while moh is shot on hd cameras with very wrongly chosen lens-pieces), the result of which being that the episodes of tftc looked and felt "cinematographic" in the sense that there was real actors being casted, ranging from michael j. fox to tim roth to kyle mclachlan to kirk douglas, but there were also film composers behind it, of the range of alan silvestri, great directors of photography like dean cundey, high-end screenplay writers, and in that sense each "tale" was a little movie of its own true kind. compared to tftc, the "masters of horrors" is quite a lame approach to tv horror. it's very hard to stand looking at it if your standards regarding cinematography are just a little above average, because it looks the same as any ugly tv serial, if not worse. it gets boring and even annoying incredibly fast, within the first 10 minutes usually. the actors are never-heard before wannabes (except for fairuza balk, robert englund, angela bettis and a few, but even there, they are the only famous actors of their episodes). the director base for moh was good in the beginning, but it's getting worst and worst with every episode: now if even the directors are unknown to the world, what remains? nothing! and it's funny how they are starting to have complete unknown directors while they haven't even had, say, stan winston, dick maas, william lustig, sam raimi, eric red, robert harmon, william friedkin, jim muro, stuart gordon, russell mulcahy... if even "masters of horror" cannot bring dead directors back to life, who will? maybe a rerun of tales from the crypt will.

i was very excited when this series premiered in 2005. the premise was very simple and appealing: each episode would be a one-hour mini movie directed by a famous, noteworthy horror director. then, when i finally watched them it was a bit of a letdown. some good episodes emerged from that first season, but all in all it was a mixed bag. i attributed it to the learning curve, and figured that season 2 would be a whole lot better.boy, was i in for a shock. at least season one had a few good stories here and there. season 2 (with the exception of "the black cat" starring the excellent jeffrey combs) was a complete and total loss to me. the episode "sounds like" may very well be the worst thing i have watched on tv in the last 10 years, and most of the other episodes aren't much better. i really hope that season 3 turns this around next year, but i'm not holding my breath.

some of the filmmakers who are participating in this series have made some really great films but they sure as heck are not showing much skill with this series. particularly the writing. ok, the first season was somewhat better but these new episodes they are creating just stink. i'm a huge fan of horror and in my opinion the vast majority of these episodes are total garbage. nothing new or genuinely interesting. few of them are visually creative. it's just typical fabricated hollywood crap, uninteresting, childish, poorly conceived and in some cases, flat out laughable. much like tales from the crypt the only good thing this series has been offering is great nudity! other then that this series blows hard. i get the impression sometimes that they hired a bunch of eighth-graders to write the episodes. maybe they did.

horror fans (i'm speaking to the over 12's, although if you're under 12 i apologise for what you might deem an insult): in short, if you appreciate having your imagination disturbed by well written, original storytelling, punctuated by unpredictable well planted scares, and delivered via convincing performances, then i can heartily recommend - avoiding these steamers - made by directors who have apparently long since past their sell by date. it's no accident that almost every episode feels as if it were made in the 1980's. not to put blame squarely on the shoulders of some of these old boys (or indeed the 80's) because where would we be without certain movies from the likes of argento, carpenter, landis, dante and barker (actually clive, wtf are you doing in there?! glad to see romero had the good sense to give it a miss as i'm sure he was asked to partake...). more perhaps we should point the finger at creator mick garris whose credentials include the logic defying and depressingly ill-advised tv remake of stanley kubrick's masterpiece 'the shining'.perhaps it is an indication of the state of television today. are we so starved of good tv horror that we applaud any old sloppy schlock that the networks excrete onto our sets? sadly, maybe so.normally i wouldn't see the point of adding a comment that doesn't argue the faults and merits of a production, i'd just rate it accordingly. however, as this series is woefully lacking in any merit (with perhaps the sole exception of the theme tune) i write this as more of a warning than a review: don't waste your time and money. if you disagree with me then it's more than likely that you haven't seen enough decent horror. perhaps the earlier films of some of these directors would be a much better place to start, but if these 'masters' of horror were being assessed on these works alone, they'd never have been allowed to graduate with even their bachelor's degree. unless of course they were studying for a degree from the university of s**t.

according to imdb takashi miike's master of horror-segment, imprint, was banned in the us. so i figured i'd translate the swedish review i just wrote for it...it was hard to not have any sort of expectations from ichi the killer-director takashi miike's episode in the masters of horror series. and the dvd-cover of imprint did in deed look very promising.the story mostly takes place in a remote japanese bordello, some time during the 19th century, and it tells the tale of a journalist searching for komomo, the woman he left behind and whom he promised to return for. tired and dejected he arrives at the bordello, hoping that this will be the end of his very long journey. it turns out that one of the prostitutes, a deformed and quiet girl, know about komomo, and the desperate man makes her tell him where she is and what has happened to her since he left. the story she tells him is as deplorable as it is hard to swallow...the first thing that hit me about the episode was how unnatural it seemed that the japanese cast for the most part spoke fluent american-english. but i will leave it at that, it's not that big a deal. what is a big deal however is how miserable the rest of it was. miike's tale moves at such a slow pace that i couldn't help looking at my watch several times during the 63 minutes. the extended torure-scene, that takes place somewhere in the middle of the movie, felt so unmotivated - and pornographically intrusive - that not even that scene became interesting. i felt like it was violent just for the sake of violence itself - with no sense of style or purpose. the only scenes that provoked any kind of emotion out of me were the images of bloody fetuses rolling along the bottom of the swiftly flowing water...and, in all honesty, the only emotions they provoked were feelings of disgust.the journalist seeking the love he left behind is played by billy drago, for me most memorable as frank nitti - al capones whiteclad assassin in brian de palmas the untouchables (1987). i've always found dragos portrayal of nitti to be very icy (and i mean that in a good way), and that is probably why i was almost annoyed when i found him to be so terrible (not in a good way) in this one. his acting seems to flow between no feelings or empathy whatsoever to displays of some really bad overacting. when his character is supposed to react to the awful things komomo has been subjected to i was sitting in the sofa, twisting and turning in an attempt to escape the horrible actingjob put forth by drago. i'm grateful that most of the story is told by yuoki kudoh (memoirs of a geisha, 2005), who plays the deformed prostitute.the finale is probably supposed to be chocking, maybe even revolting and horrid, but i just found it to be kind of...you know... "blah" (and i looked at my watch again, for the umptieth time, just wishing the crappy episode would end). maybe the finale caused me to smile just a bit, but that's only because i couldn't help thinking of an episode of red dwarf, and the upside-down chins of craig charles and danny john-jules, with eyes glued on them to make them look like aliens... lucky you, if you've seen that episode and now decide to see imprint, i will forever have ruined the visuals of the ending for you.my first thought, when imprint finally ended, was that the only thing that made the pain of watching it worth it, was hearing the main title theme by edward shearmur (the same music i believe is used in every episode of this series), and that - if anything - is a big friggin warning, don't you think?one might point to the costume design, by michiko kitamura, and say that there, at least, is something not lacking in style and refinement...but there are so many other films and tv-shows that is so much better at showing off the japanese "geisha-fashion". this is nothing but inferior and i am disappointed. takashi miike's masters of horror-episode is boring, uninspiring and pointless. in other words; it's really, really bad!

i saw this last week after picking up the dvd cheap. i had wanted to see it for ages, finding the plot outline very intriguing. so my disappointment was great, to say the least. i thought the lead actor was very flat. this kind of part required a performance like johny depp's in the ninth gate (of which this is almost a complete rip-off), but i guess tv budgets don't always stretch to this kind of acting ability.i also the thought the direction was confused and dull, serving only to remind me that carpenter hasn't done a decent movie since in the mouth of madness. as for the story - well, i was disappointed there as well! there was no way it could meet my expectation i guess, but i thought the payoff and explanation was poor, and the way he finally got the film anti-climactic to say the least.this was written by one of the main contributors to aicn, and you can tell he does love his cinema, but i would have liked a better result from such a good initial premise.i took the dvd back to the store the same day!

there was not one original idea in this story. themes were pulled from various sources; a few being the ninth gate, in the mouth of madness (another carpenter film), and the ring. it even went as far as featuring the same damn glowing circle from the ring and using it as the film's namesake. the soundtrack by cody carpenter was all but lifted from suspiria. hopefully no one will oppose this comment by spewing the word homage around. yes, i saw that the theater was playing argento's deep red. claiming an homage would be a bullshit cop-out. this was bottom-of-the-barrel. throwing gore and "disturbing" imagery into the pot does not make a good horror film. carpenter used to know that. he should fade into obscurity or acquire a time machine.

at first i was convinced that this was a made-for-tv movie that wasn't worthy of primetime. but after a few minutes of dumb-struck awe, i realized that there was at least comic value in the over-the-top stunts and c-movie acting. this movie would have gotten a 1 if my wife and i hadn't laughed so hard as we watched it in wonder that the actors could keep a straight face. it was like a less-funny spy version of the big hit (i laughed so much i actually bought the big hit dvd) with even-worse acting. we were disappointed that nick chose to marry elena, and not jim, after all of the hugging and high-fives. a few rum and cokes will definitely help it go down easier.

i'm sorry to say this, but the acting in this film is horrible. the dialogue sounds as if they are reading their lines for the first time ever. perhaps i got the "dress rehearsal" version by mistake. the director over-uses slow motion during special effects perhaps as an attempt to compensate for the poor performance of the actors themselves. the story is pretty well written, and the fight sequences are actually better than i have seen in many action films. the fights seem pretty real. but all of this happens while to two leading actors time and time again miraculously survive incredible amounts of point-blank automatic weapon fire, grenades, morter rounds, and bazookas. the enemy soldiers are definitely some of the worst shots i have ever seen, especially when they have the escaping truck in their sights from about 30 yards, and every bazooka shot is wide by at least 50 feet. those bazookas need serious site calibration.

the only redeeming quality of this movie is that it was bad enough to be comedic. everyone in this movie looks like a porn industry drop out. i have actually seen better acting in low budget porn. i though i had actually rented some kind of gay porn after this classic scene: jim: watch your ass nick: you watch yours (together): i wont leave you behind!the first action sequence shows how awful the production is, but its really kind of funny: good guys have transformer weapons! in one scene, they all have fake hk mp5 sub-machine guns. next scene, ak-47 replicas! and then, to top it all off, they do some weapon swapping between scenes with a couple of m-16s!! i think they had a budget shortage for guns, not enough to go around between the good guys and bad guys. fight scenes are poorly coordinated and fake as all hell. you have to remove the pin/spoon from a grenade for it to explode on its own. you can't fire a shoulder launched missile of any kind while riding inside a helicopter. weapons that you throw away don't suddenly re-appear. when a gun is out of bullets, throwing it away is still pretty stupid. unless you have no idea how to reload them.. big slow trucks driving around in first gear make for awkward action scenes. i really cant believe movies like this are actually produced. this movie would be hilarious on nitrous oxide or maybe just drunk.

early, heavy, war-time propaganda short urging people to be careful with their spending practices, in effort to prevent any runaway inflation.using scare, guilt and patriotic jingoistic rhetoric, which was normal for the time, the government was concern that the sudden war-time production and therefore wage increase and subsequent spending practices if not checked could cause serious problems during and after the war.it truly is a window into the past, historically and culturally.

i won't add to the plot reviews, it's not very good.very improbable orphanage on bala.cushing and lee at their height.some nice scenery.good for face spotting, and i quote, "look at the mouth, that is cassie from fools and horses".otherwise, a poor example of the british film industry.fulton mackay was far better in fraggle rock, keith barron was better in anything else and diana dors did what she did best.redeeming feature? it was free to watch on the horror channel prior to its going over to subscription. i won't be subscribing on this effort.

i actually have a fondness for christopher lee, but this just wasn't up to his other performances... and he was one of the better actors.the film does not live up to its premise. it's not that scary, it's overly melodramatic, and it draaaaaags. every time i thought, "oh, here comes the good part" the good part never quite arrived.the evil ones aren't at all convincing. most of the other characters were also lacking in depth.perhaps if i'd been in the proper frame of mind, i might have enjoyed some mstie-fication at this film's expense, but.... naaahhh... didn't really seem to be worth the effort. it wasn't really very good, it wasn't really very bad, it was just mediocre.

"three daring daughters" is a sickly sweet, rose-colored look at divorce, remarriage, and single-parent living. obviously, social issues and economic difficulty have no place in the picture perfect life of a single parent mother who feels exhausted, takes a cruise, and then dates and marries a band conductor. even when the "its just a movie" phrase excuses the script from addressing real-life problems, 'daughters' suffers from too many incoherent high-note songs, children whose personalities are not based on real children and band leader hose iturbi playing himself. isn't it bizarre that any real person would star in a film in which their supposed real self gets married? admittedly, this movie was released in the nineteen forties. only a love for old style hollywood romance and comedy could make 'daughters' a tolerable film.

in an otherwise good review, loleralacartelort7890 says "the truth is that the americans use a secret aluminum-anti-radiation-alloy. it is not that well-known. and the exact specifications are a secret. and why is it a secret: well, why should they reveal it back then?? if they where in a space race with the russians, then it would be very dumb to reveal that they had new technology that could shield crew against radiation." this is completely incorrect. there is (and was) no "secret" to radiation protection in apollo. the design and construction of the apollo command module has long been publicly available. it uses a lightweight "honeycomb" of aluminum and stainless steel. the entire outer surface (except the windows of course) is covered with a heat shield made of a phenolic resin, thicker on the bottom that faces forward during re-entry. these materials are actually *better* at stopping the kind of radiation we have in space (charged particles) than lead, which is better suited to stopping ionizing photons like x-rays and gamma rays.space radiation is a definite problem for *long term* space flight because of the risk of big solar flares. but it simply wasn't a serious threat to the apollo astronauts. the command module gave them pretty good protection during their brief (1/2 hour or so) passage through the van allen belts. they all carried dosimeters so we know exactly how much radiation they each received: no more than 1.5 rem, and usually much less. of the 24 men who flew to the moon (12 of whom landed), 18 are still alive. only two have died from cancer: alan shepard (leukemia) and jack swigert (bone cancer). the rest died from heart attacks, pancreatitis (roosa), and a motorcycle accident (conrad). these are actually pretty good statistics for a group of men now in their late 70s (shepard would be 86).

i am a 11th grader at my high school. in my current world affairs class a kid in my class had this video and suggested we watch. so we did. i am firm believer that we went to the moon, being that my father works for nasa. even though i think this movie is the biggest piece of crap i have ever watched, the guy who created it has some serious balls. first of all did he have to show jfk getting shot? and how dare he use all those biblical quotes. the only good thing about this movie is it sparks debates, which is good b/c in my class we have weekly debates. this movie did nothing to change my mind. i think he and michael moore should be working together and make another movie. michael moore next movie could be called "a funny thing happened on spetember 11th" or "a funny thing happened on the way to the white house".

this documentary is founded on sponge cake as soon as you put any real evidence on it the integrity slowly sinks into a big pile of crap for example bart sibrel claims they must have had multiple lighting sources because the shadows appear to be crossing if this were the case wouldn't there be two or more shadows for each object when apollo 11 went through the van allan radiation belts they spent 30 min's there not the 90 min's claimed in the documentary and they received a dose of radiation more equivalent to that of an an x ray.seriously do some research learn what really happened don't let this pile of crap of a documentary mold your opinion of what really happened

i notice that most of the people who think this film speaks the truth were either not born before the moon landings (1969-1972), or not old enough to appreciate them. i think it is much easier to question an historic event if you did not live through it.i was a youngster at the time of apollo, but i was old enough to understand what was going on. the entire world followed the moon landings. our families gathered around the tv to watch the launch. newspaper headlines screamed the latest goings-on each day, from launch to landing, from moonwalks to moon liftoff, all the way to splashdown, in a multitude of languages. in school, some classes were cancelled so we could watch the main events on tv. during apollo 13 the world prayed and held its collective breath as the men limped home to an uncertain fate. you couldn't go anywhere without someone asking what the latest was. the world was truly one community. now with a buffer of 30-odd years after the fact, it is easy to claim fraud because worldwide enthusiasm and interest has died down. we are left with our history books, and anybody can claim that history is wrong and attempt to "prove" it with a bunch of lies and made-up facts while completely ignoring the preponderance of evidence showing otherwise--not to mention the proof that dwells in the souls and memories of those who lived through these wonderfully heady and fantastic days.

this so-called "documentary" tries to tell that usa faked the moon-landing. year right.all those who have actually studied the case knows different.first of all: there is definitely proof. when the astronauts was on the moon, they brought back many pounds of rock from the moon - for geological studies. these where spread around the world to hundreds of labs, who tested them. and they all concluded that they came from the same planet, not earth: because the inner isotopes of the basic elements are different from those found on earth, but similar to those calculated to be on the moon. i.e. the conspiracy theorists never studies anything: they only take the thing that fit into their theory and ignores the rest.another wrongful claim from them is that their was wind in the hangar where they shot the moon landing, i.e. the flag moves. there is a logical explanation: the astronaut moved it with his hand, so it moved. and what proves this: well, if the conspiracy theorists even studied the footage, they would see that the flag never moves after the astronaut have let it be, i.e. the conspiracy theorists are bad-scientists, they cant study a subject properly, or only studies it until they have what they came for, so that they can make a lie from that, and make a profit (i.e. this so-called "documentary").a claim says that it cant possible have been filmed on the moon because all the shadows come from different places, because there are different light-sources, the artificial lighting from the studio. once again the conspiracy theorists are wrong (as usual), the same would happen in an earth desert at night, with no light-sources. but i doubt that any conspiracy theorists have ever been outside their grandmothers basement for more than how many days a star treck-convention is held over.the conspiracy theorists are in denial, big time. they only see what they want to see. so they make up all these lies to seem important - that is a fact.

the only reason i didn't score this a one is that sibrel does show that he is adept at the technical aspects of making a film. it is a technically adept film.that having been said, this is a film based on lies and distortions that are quite easily disproven. most of the documentary is spent using propaganda techniques to bash the space program, rather than actual fact. and sibrel's "irrefutable proof" that the landings were faked is easily refuted if you know anything about orbital mechanics.i do not recommend watching this, but if you do, see it at google video for free. don't let bart sibrel profit from your curiosity.

when i was 16 i saw the documentary: "a funny thing happened on the way to the moon". i actually liked, and believed in it for a couple of years. but then i grew up, and began to think, and when i had sought more information. this is: more info from reel sources, and non-biased sources. when i started at university, not so long ago, i asked an assistant-professor in astronomy about these conspiracy theories. what he said shocked me: he said that all those theories where lies. that baffled me, i did not believe it first, but then he presented evidence for his claims. he quickly debunked most of the theories about the subject: "humans did not go to the moon". the most outrages claim was that the apollo-craft could not travel through the van-allen-radiation-belt, without the crew perishing from radiation. the truth is that the americans use a secret aluminum-anti-radiation-alloy. it is not that well-known. and the exact specifications are a secret. and why is it a secret: well, why should they reveal it back then?? if they where in a space race with the russians, then it would be very dumb to reveal that they had new technology that could shield crew against radiation.and then there is the biggest evidence of all: the moon stones. when the apollo-missions did go to the moon, they brought back many rocks from the moon, to give to geologists and similar scientists, who are documenting all things about the moon. these rocks and stones are in fact from the moon. because: the internal basic elements, which all matter consist of, are also made of special isotopes, that are different from quarry to quarry, land to land, and especially planet from planet. the isotopes of these rocks and stones have been proved, that they do not come from earth. the astronauts brought home hundreds of kilogram's of these rocks, all of them have been proved to have come from outside earth, and from the same planet. ergo: the moon-landings where not fake. nasa did go to another planet: the moon, though it is not a planet, but a satellite to a planet, a moon (duuh). these rocks have been distributed to laboratories and universities all around the world. it has been proved: humans did go to the moon - it is a fact, pronto.but i do not worry: most conspiracy-theorists are generally unemployed and uneducated, that is mostly why they do not know or lie about these facts. the fact remains: humans did walk on the moon.

the views of earth that are claimed in this film to have been faked by nasa have recently been compared with the historical weather data for the time of apollo 11, and show a good match between the cloud patterns in the video sequence and the actual rainfall records on the day.this would seem to undermine the entire argument put forward in the film that the "whole earth" picture is actually a small part of the planet framed by the spacecraft window.i am waiting for bart sibrel to now claim that the historical weather data has been faked by nasa, though that would no doubt involve them in also replacing every archived newspaper copy with a weather map, and the ones in private hands would still be a problem.ah, a response: "trying to discredit this movie by referring to nasa weather data i'd say is a charming, but weak and gullible argument. what about the rest of the footage and proofs in the movie? a certain wise man once said something about sifting mosquitoes and swallowing camels. do you in any way feel that maybe this could apply to what you are trying to do here? :-) this movie is just packed with irrefutable evidence against the claim once made by u.s. government that the moon-missions were a success, and that man now are true masters of the universe. things are nearly never quite what they seem.. just watch the movie, and i dear say you'll see things a bit different than before."first off, weather data doesn't come from nasa, it comes for met agencies around the world. second, the weather data undermines a major claim in the film. third, far from being "packed with irrefutable evidence", the remaining claims in the film have been thoroughly debunked. sibrel thought he had a previously secret piece of film, so he edited it and added his own interpretation. unfortunately for him, his source film is public domain, and the bits sibrel edited out contradict his claims.

there are so many incorrect statements in this so-called "documentary" that i found myself shouting at the television.bart sibrel might be able to produce a flashy looking dvd, but he is sadly lacking at looking at the science behind his claims.he relies on either being inaccurate, not telling the full story, or the old favourite "government always lies to us" innuendos, and people believing what is told to them and not checking on the accuracy or details behind the claims.what's more, his "exclusive" or "unreleased" footage is freely available over the internet from various sites.further reading about the circumstances regarding the filming of this production shows that he used false pretenses to gain interviews, and has used creative editing of the responses in order to promote his own opinions.all of the claims made by mr sibrel about "inaccuracies", "mistakes", or "whistleblowing" in the apollo programme have been thoroughly disproven.how do i get that 40-odd minutes of my life back?

i watched this video at a friend's house. i'm glad i did not waste money buying this one. the video cover has a scene from the 1975 movie capricorn one. the movie starts out with several clips of rocket blow-ups, most not related to manned flight. sibrel's smoking gun is a short video clip of the astronauts preparing a video broadcast. he edits in his own voice-over instead of letting us listen to what the crew had to say. the video curiously ends with a showing of the zapruder film. his claims about radiation, shielding, star photography, and others lead me to believe is he extremely ignorant or has some sort of ax to grind against nasa, the astronauts, or american in general. his science is bad, and so is this video.

writer/director bart sibrel bases his work here around a can of film that he says was mistakenly sent to him by nasa. he says it shows the astronauts faking the television footage of their trip to the moon by employing camera tricks. the astronauts were in low earth orbit all the time, and editors on the ground composed this raw footage into just a few seconds of finished film.unfortunately sibrel's research is so slipshod that he doesn't realize his "backstage" footage is really taken in large part from the 30-minute live telecast (also on that reel) that was seen by millions, not hidden away in nasa vaults as he implies. and we have to wonder why sibrel puts his own conspiratorial narration over the astronauts' audio in the footage, because hearing the astronauts in their own words clearly spells out that the astronauts were just testing the camera, not faking footage.finally, anyone can see the raw footage for themselves without having to buy sibrel's hacked-up version of it. (he shows you more of the zapruder film of jfk's assassination than of his "smoking gun".) sibrel thinks he's the only one who's seen it. what's more revealing is the clips from that raw footage that sibrel chose not to use, such as those clearly showing the appropriately distant earth being eclipsed by the window frames and so forth, destroying his claim that mattes and transparencies were placed in the spacecraft windows to create the illusion of a faraway earth.as with most films of this type, sibrel relies on innuendo, inexpert assumption, misleading commentary, and selective quotation to manipulate the viewer into accepting a conclusion for which there is not a shred of actual evidence.

this was one of the worst movies i have ever seen. branaugh seemed to have so much trouble remembering his accent that he couldn't deliver his lines. the plot was definitely not worthy of john grisham's name. no wonder it was never published as a book or released in theaters. i didn't even watch the whole thing. i decided i didn't care who done it, then realized there was no "whodunit" to care about!

have you ever heard the saying that people "telegraph their intentions?" well in this movie, the characters' actions do more than telegraph future plans -- they show up at your house drunk and buffet you about the head. this could be forgiven if the setting had been used better, or if the characters were more charismatic or nuanced. embeth davidtz's character is not mysterious, just wooden, and kenneth branagh doesn't succeed in conveying the brash charm his character probably was written to have.the bottom line: obvious plot, one-note performances, unlikeable characters, and grotesque "southern" accents employed by british actors.

divorced lawyer rick magruder (branagh) stumbles drunk out of a party hosted by his firm one night and has a chance meeting with a woman named mallory doss (davidtz), who was a waitress at the party and seems to have lost her car. rick drives the woman to her home and there they discover that her car has been already parked there, seemingly by her father, dixon doss (duvall). rick and mallory walk into the house arguing about the situation when mallory carelessly undresses in front of rick, and he then spends the night with her.rick wakes up in the morning and mallory encounters him later in the day, asking him to file suit against her father because of his dangerous behavior. rick, now obsessed with mallory and willing to do anything for her, is successful in having dixon put on trial and sent to prison, but when he is freed by his local friends, rick finds himself in a trouble, trying to protect himself and his children from the danger he has unknowingly brought to life.

i feel like i'm the only kid in town who was annoyed by branagh's performance. he is a fine actor by most accounts, but he simply could not pull off the southern accent. i mean, it was deplorable. it was as if he was trying too hard to be a yank. one of the previous reviewers questioned why u.s. actors were not cast in this film. i second that notion. it's wonderful when actors/actresses wish to expand their horizons, but it's another thing to try too hard so that a performance becomes strained. maybe it was altman, but he's a such a great director...well, i really don't want to bash branagh for his absolutely hideous accent too much. everybody deserves to screw up here and there. but it is hard to watch something so annoying that you'd rather choke on a chicken bone or eat a bucket full of crap than sit through the gingerbread man.

how a director of altman's experience could ever expect us to want to spend time with, or to care about what happens to, a lead character who is neurotic, a whiner, a jerk with no redeeming qualities -- that is the central puzzle about this profoundly confused piece of work. a monstrous piece of trash. in addition to this crippling flaw, the plot line requires serious concentration to follow. the setup that the branagh character walks into is so obviously a setup from the start that we are inclined to wonder whether the writer and director have totally lost respect for their audience. this latter issue is at the core of the film: it represents directorial self-indulgence with profound contempt for the taste, values, and intelligence of the viewer. very unusual for mr. altman.patrick watson

ok so after watching this invigorating movie and wasting an hour and so many minutes off my life here is the basic summary: genie comes out of ghetto boom box, gives this kid with shaggy hair 3 wishes, the kid wastes his wishes on i forget what, shaq sucks at rapping, and i guess thats it.so mainly i laughed, i cried......but mainly i laughed at the shear comedy that came from the wonderful acting skills of an nba player/rapper and boy with shaggy hair.i highly recommend this movie for college kids sitting around drinking some beers with their close friends and are in serious need of a good laugh.i'm going to give it a 3 out of 10 only b/c the movie is based off of 3 magical wishes.if i had 3 wishes one would be to erase this horrible movie and for everyone to pretend like hollywood didn't waste money on making this.

reviewing kazaam and saying it's a bad movie isn't hard at all--after all, critics at the time it came out fell all over themselves excoriating this film--saying it was among the worst films of the decade! so the fact that i say it's bad or anyone else says it's bad is certainly no surprise. it's like someone talking about wwii--practically no one says that was a good thing, right?! the question i have and no place on imdb can answer it is "why did they make this in the first place?!". after all, it's obvious to anyone who isn't severely brain injured that the film would be horrible. but, movies like ed (a baseball playing chimp), cool as ice (starring the ever-popular vanilla ice), troll 2 (which doesn't even have any trolls in it), baby geniuses (einstain-like superhero babies) and pinocchio in outer space (huh!?!) prove that any idea, no matter how dumb, can make it to the big screen! so, the idea of the best basketball player of the time starring as a genie to an obnoxious little brat seems downright 'normal'! the film starts with a kid who is pretty jerky keying the lockers in the hallway of the school. like the punk from free willy, this kid is somehow 'misunderstood' (in other words, a total brat) and you know that no matter how selfish and horrible he is, by the end of the film he'll have learned something and grown. just once, i want to see a punk kid like this end up in prison or or dead by the end of the film! eventually, while the neighborhood bullies are in the middle of pummeling him, the genie kazaam (shaquille o'neal)is accidentally released and insists on giving the brat three wishes. but, the kid doesn't believe him and the genie's magic seems a tad rusty.eventually the brat does realize that kazaam is for real. however, unlike most kids, he withholds making his wishes so, in the meantime, kazaam is forced to follow him around everywhere--like his own personal servant. and, according to the cliché, you know that by the end of the film, max and kazaam will have become lifelong buddies and a bunch of tears will be shed. oh, and max will have come to terms with his absent father and mom's fiancé (i'm gonna gag). apparently this genie is a bit of a social worker in addition to being a granter of wishes.as for kazaam, shaquille speaks in rhyme through much of the movie and even takes a break to rap...very poorly. i'm a middle-aged white guy and i think i could probably rap at least as well! he's an amazing basketball player and i've heard he's a nice guy--but a rapper...no way! as far as his acting goes, he wasn't great but had such a nice personality in the film that it's hard to hate him--even if they made him do a lot of very stupid things.so is the movie as excruciatingly awful as you've probably heard? through the first two-thirds of the movie, i would have said no. shaquille seemed to try his best with an unlikable kid and a bad script. however, later in the film, the bad becomes horrid--as kazaam seems too concerned with himself to help the kid when he's really needed. and, out of nowhere, the plot gets really, really weird--as the guy who wants to make kazaam a rap star(?!?!) turns out to be an evil mobster! and, oddly, this guy seems to accept that kazaam is a genie with no hesitation! in addition, the last portion of the film consists of people trying to kill max and his dad. i know that the kid was annoying, but this is supposed to be a kids' film!! what part of 'trying to kill the kid' didn't the writers not understand?!? then, in an ending that makes this perhaps the worst kids film ending in history, kazaam becomes god or something and it all was like a drug-induced hallucination! this ending was even dumber and weirder than the one in the black hole...and boy, did it make my brain hurt!! uggghh--the horrible dialog was just too much to bear!!!overall, it's a terrible film that is due mostly to writers who were certifiably insane. yes, folks, with a messed up message, bizarre non-kid friendly material and horrible characters, this is one wretched film. sadly, given the idea and actors, it's hard to imagine the final product turning out much worse!!by the way, if you want to see a genie in a modern world film that is good, try the british made for tv film "bernard and the genie"--a charming and exceptionally well-written film from start to finish.

the only reason i dvrd this movie was because 1. i live in cleveland and shaq plays basketball for us now and 2. i've always heard how awful it was. the movie did not disappoint. the best parts were shaq's outfits. the worst parts were, well, just about everything else. my 12 year old son and i just squirmed and couldn't look at the screen when shaq started rapping and we kept wondering why max didn't wish for kazzam to fix that front tooth of his! but for all it's terribleness we just couldn't stop watching it, the story sucked you in, like a black hole or quicksand or a tar pit, it was hypnotic. but it was worth it for the laughs and just to say that we actually watched "kazzam".

if you are a fan of really bad movies, and you think there funny, you will the great acting of shaq. first off putting pro players in movies hardly ever works. shaq had to of been the worst actor i have ever seen next to dennis rodman who also made a few bad movies. well any way this movie is also bad due to the hideous kid. i would give this a zero but that is impossible.

this movie has successfully proved what we all already know, that professional basket-ball players suck at everything besides playing basket-ball. especially rapping and acting. i can not even begin to describe how bad this movie truly is. first of all, is it just me, or is that the ugliest kid you have ever seen? i mean, his teeth could be used as a can-opener. secondly, why would a genie want to pursue a career in the music industry when, even though he has magical powers, he sucks horribly at making music? third, i have read the bible. in no way shape or form did it say that jesus made genies. fourth, what was the deal with all the crappy special effects? i assure you that any acne-addled nerdy teenager with a computer could make better effects than that. fifth, why did the ending suck so badly? and what the hell is a djin? and finally, whoever created the nightmare known as kazaam needs to be thrown off of a plane and onto the eiffel tower, because this movie take the word "suck" to an entirely new level.

i was given the book version of kazaam for my 8th birthday, and people always say the book versions are always better than the movie, but this time they were wrong. at least with the movie it's over soon.the acting in this is terrible, which i expected from a film with shaq who plays a magical rapping genie that comes out of an old ghetto blaster (which there was probably a good reason he was trapped in there). the kid in the film that plays max is whiny and a terrible actor. he's bullied by neighborhood kids, which i don't blame them because he's a little douche bag.the story is just plain stupid and extremely cliché. about a boy who's father is always working and never around who finds a new friend who makes his life better and eventually helps him reconnect with his father.even at 8 years old i thought this was a stupid idea. it's a surprise any of the people whom worked on this film had careers after wards because it's an embarrassment and should have never been made. i could ramble on even more about how this movie sucks, but you should already know just by reading the plot.

this is the worst film i have ever seen.i was watching this film with some friends and after 40 minutes we had enough. the plot was bad and there wasn't a single likeable character.i could get more entertainment watching static. i gave this movie a 1 only because the scale didn't go into negative numbers. avoid this movie at all costs.

there is not a single sympathetic character in this entire movie. is it the lawyer played by kenneth branagh that we're supposed to be pulling for? well, let's see -- we learn he's a sleazebag defense attorney who gets criminals off on technicalities. he treats his coworkers like cattle, gets them involved in his own personal crisis (in the process, getting one of them killed), jeopardizes the safety of his kids, threatens his ex-wife's new boyfriend, tries to strong-arm the police and school administrators -- and all this for what? because he was thinking with his little head! i was really pulling for the father and his gang to beat the stuffing out of the lawyer and drown him in the swamp...it would have made for a far more satisfying ending.

there's only one thing i need to say about this movie - the scene where shaq is in a musical number with francis capra's character about wanting to be a genie; never see this movie. the story is horrible, the acting is terrible (c'mon, it's shaq!) and i'd rather see capra in free willy (equally horrible) twice before ever seeing this movie.

this is one of the most god-awful movies ever. shaq better just stick to basketball. this movie took away apart of my life i will never have back. i will make fun of this movie until i die, and then some. it is so horrible it is not even funny. mst3000 would have a blast with this one.

i think i've seen all of the grisham movies now and generally they're all very poor, except for the rainmaker, but this one is so bad it's unbelievablewarning spoilerishit's one of those movies where the character does the stupid irrational things that no one would ever do. he's a lawyer for christ's sake. why when his children go missing does he not call the police. oh yes it's because all the police hate lawyers so they're just ignore him and let him be attacked.when he's arrested for murder they just let him go free, he would be locked up in a cell pending a bail hearing. why would you drag your kids halfway across the country when you could easily protect them at home.the police don't bother to try and find an escaped mental patient, they don't bother to interview his daughter.as for the ridiculous ending….in summary, silly, very unrealistic and a complete waste of time.0/10 – one of the worst films ever made.

this movie is like real life, by which i mean - not a lot happens in the available 2 hours or so, and not much game plan or plot is evidenced by the frequently invisible cast (their invisibility being due to the "experimental" lighting as mentioned by many reviewers). a big bore. no big surprise that altman helms this - he is a very variable performer (yes we all loved "gosford park", but "pret a porter" anyone? kansas city? dr t. and the women? aaargh), but the fact that the raw material is a john grisham tale, and the excellent cast that you will perceive through the gathering gloaming of your insistent slumber - makes this truly a masterpiece of bad film. and no, it is not "so bad it's good".it's just bad.

i rented this dvd for two reasons. a cast of great actors, and the director, even though robert altman can be hit or miss. in this case, it was a big miss. altman's attempt at creating suspense fell on its keester. after seeing kenneth branagh in a good film like "dead again", i didn't think he could possibly contribute to such a turkey, and i hope it didn't ruin his reputation. robert duvall seems to have fallen the way of most one-time oscar winners. on a downward spiral that includes acting in eating-money films such as this one. duvall was once a great actor in excellent films, even though his best performance was not "tender mercies", but "the great santini". this movie was truly a big waste of time. i give it a 2 out of 10.

did anyone who was making this movie, particularly the director, spare a thought for the logic of the story-line? these are not mere plot-holes, but plot graves, that become ever deeper as we lose any sympathy for the main character and his plight. that is, if you are kind enough a viewer to valiantly ignore the fact for most of the movie that the characters are either servants to the grave-hole plot, or boring and unlikeable. or, in the case of downey's & hannah's characters, apparently superfluous. in pondering the reason for existence of downey's character's significant screen-time in the movie, i decided that either the director had liked his character and unnecessarily increased his screen-time (unlikley, as the director didn't change anything else about the script he actually needed to) or that his character was going to be sacrificed on the altar of bad plotting. i'll leave you to guess which one it was to be.i had to keep checking the cover of the dvd to confirm that this really was made by credible talents. i cannot understand why robert altman would take this job. surely he has some power to pick and chose. actually, i can't understand why anyone would take this script on, except a first-time director looking for the experience.i suppose robert downey jr. needed the money for his habit. i suppose kenneth branagh wanted to try a southern accent. i suppose robert duvall was only given a few pages of the script and thought the role in isolation sounded intriguing. these are the only motivations i can see that would coerce good actors to take on roles in this movie. as for robert altman, plenty of effort has gone in on his part to making the movie look fantastic. i found myself noticing how he had framed such and such a scene, or used the bright orange float vests in another scene to draw the eye's movements, or imposed a beautiful filter to create a particular mood. i do not typically notice such things in movies, since most movies i bother to watch to the end actually engage me for reasons of good story-telling and interesting characters with understandable motives. i watched this to the end only because some ridiculous element of optimism in myself kept looking at that dvd cover and being convinced that, due to the talent involved, there had to be some redeeming factor in this movie.nice direction. but that's not why i watch movies.

cradle of fearthis isn't a movie where intricate delicate little narrative nuances occupy our attention. this is not a film where the special effects are supposed to leave us slack-jacked uttering that sense of whoa. what it is though is a slice of lo-fi goth horror which leaves little to the imagination, created in the eyes of the director, alex chandon, as "a throwback to sleazy '70s and '80s horror".this is a very visceral experience for 2 hours, where four plot lines are connected through lots of watery blood, reams of dismembered body parts and innards, tied by an intestinal thread of revenge. the purveyor of such horrific violence is dani filth, lead-singer of the metal band cradle of filth, executing a role he was destined to play. as other's have said, there is nothing new about wanting to carryout occultist revenge. in this particular context a convicted sexual predator and murderer, kemper, the father of our devilish avenging-angel, compels his son to exact retribution on those who are some how connected to convicting him to purgatory within an insane asylum.what this provides for the chandon, who should be congratulated on also penning and editing this piece, is the opportunity to let his sick mind run free. he seems to take delight in the idea of splattering blood into the orifices of those on screen, and into every nook and cranny that can be reached. we are also treated to close-ups of skull's being crushed, demonic rape, and other assorted imagery to engage those who relish getting up close and personal to their horror. and for some of those who closely follow these type of films, there is the odd sequence which may have you thinking, "did i just see what i thought i did", because of course pretty woman this 'aint. it reminds me of some of the gore-fests created out of italian horror some 20 to 30 years ago, and a number of other works where disgusting images have left their mark but not the context in which they were viewed.story 4 of the set is particularly intriguing where the idea of ones obsession can ultimately lead to death in the pursuit of internet violence through the "sick room", where the user is in control of how a life can be snuffed out. further acknowledgements should also go out to a pounding soundtrack that allows filth to exercise his daytime talent, and an effective use of drum and bass, often overlooked in film-making as a viable form of supporting visuals. using the city of london as a backdrop with real people as opposed to movie stand-ins also adds support to the commando feel of the film. ok, classic it may not be, but blood, guts, intestines, occult and demons in a slightly perverse unproblematic way it is.

this sure is one comedy i'm not likely to forget for a while.wouldn't normally bother to comment on this movie: it's so minor that no one would watch it anyway, but as it happens, it's kind of popular in p2p sharing networks such as kazaa, and so this saaad production needs to be exposed for what it is.so what is it then? well, of course it's not really a comedy; instead, it's intended as a horror flick -- "intended" very much being the key word here. the script is a totally incoherent and unbalanced mess, the special effects are only special in that they're especially pathetic, and as for the acting, well, let's just say that if this had been my graduating play at primary school, my teachers would have burst out crying at our talent.of course i realise that this is a very low budget film and that in those cases one should lower one's expectations, certainly as far as things like special effects are concerned. also, even though i'm a big fan of the horror genre, i'm aware that these movies are only rarely the places to look for interesting scripts and top notch acting.but still.b-movies often have some redeeming features to make up for the lack of funding, such as humour. the only laughs in cradle to fear lie in the ridiculous performances. if you can find the humour in that--and i could for the first 20 minutes or so, gradually dozing off after that--then that's going to be the only thing the movie has to offer. oh, that and two or three pairs of breasts.woohoo, how exciting.as for the story, it's not even that it doesn't try to convey anything: the victims either use drugs and/or are involved in serious crime. the lesson: watch out, naughty boys and girls, because one day you'll be made to pay for what you've done.i rest my case.so, all in all, a little bit of sex, a fair amount of drugs, but absolutely zero rock 'n roll.i rate this one 1 out of 10, but would go to 0 if i could. or perhaps i wouldn't: it deserves a 1 for spelling the actors' names correctly in the titles. i mean, that's something, innit?

now look, i won't lie to you, but i only got this movie for $3.99 from a friend because it had danni filth, the lead singer of the ever popular death metal band "cradle of filth" in it. i expected of course violence and gore at its finest, as that is what mr filth can be portrayed as, amongst a plot line.but dear god, i was oh so wrong. this movie seriously bites, big time. being a low budget film (haha, wait, make that zero budget), this obviously lacks the beautiful howard stern orchestra musical scores and the spielberg special effects. nope, it's all one camera, bad angles, and bad blood scenes.take for example when our star and violent fiend, mr filth, violently kills a mugger. a grab at the throat, and blood spits out, but oh my, it looks like there's a juice packet filled with fake blood in the man's shirt.to you cradle of filth fans: you'll hear two songs throughout the movie, but with the camera angles and shoddy filming, they drag the overall pleasure of the song down.my final comment: steer well away from it. it's blood, gore, breasts, and hey, even a shoddy story to go with it. so if you like appalling violence, near no voices (yes, there's hardly any words in this movie), then by all means, buy it. but if shoddy movies isn't your thing, then avoid it. don't waste your money.

in spite of its impressive cast and crew pedigree gingerbread man crumbles early and often. the plot is unrealistically convoluted, the actors sport bad accents and director robert altman's participation amounts to collecting a pay check. once again he has assembled an impressive cast (like woody allen, everyone wants to work with altman)that this time around to the letter is miscast. but that's only part of the problem.kenneth branagh is rick magruder a high powered georgia lawyer who in the film's heavy handed opening scenes manages to get himself preposterously seduced by a mysterious catering company waitress who convinces him she is in grave danger from an ex-husband and a loony dad. with red flags everywhere the astute lawyer plods on even managing to get his children in harms way. fights of gun and fist follow along with a requisite car chase and if that's not enough there's a hurricane thrown in for the ridiculous finale.branagh plays macgruder with a mealy and unconvincing southern accent. running around in a trench coat in all kinds of weather he's blind to the obvious in order to keep the story going. hipster bob downey jr. is every bit as bad as a p.i. but with a little more emphasis on the bad accent. robert duvall as the old man is boo radely all growed up en crazier than a bed bug serving some thick slices of ham but at least his twang is plausible. the female leads (embeth davidtz, darryl hannah, famkhee jansen)are lean leggy and unemotive. even the celebrity lawyers doing cameos (vernon jordan) are wooden with the few throw away lines they have.in addition to paying little attention to his actors, altman's mise en scene dripping with spanish moss is murky and shapeless, his action scenes comic book. it lacks his offbeat touches and observations (he does inform the viewer that the stars and bars still wave in georgia)that make a well done altman so unique. unfortunately, gingerbread man is altman at his worst, even if the pay is the same.

this is one of the worst movies i have ever seen. while featuring good actors the movie doesn't live up to the expectations. the most dramatic thing about this movie is the music, which pretty much sums up the movie: compensating for a bad and confusing storyline by having known-good actors, loud and dramatic music. it doesn't change the fact, that this is a very boring movie to watch. earned itself a score of 1.

rarely have i witnessed such a gratuitous waste of talent. there is almost nothing constructive to be said about this hopeless swamp of a film. what few interesting strands the film seems to promise initially turn out to be little more than red herrings. actors of stature - robert duvall, robert downey, jr. - are deployed in roles which go nowhere; a director of occasional genius produces a film which looks like it is filmed through a coffee-stained camera lens; a writer (john grisham) who has never produced anything of merit, discovers new depths of under-motivated incoherence. the film has a cheap, lecherous feel about it - but barely at the level of commentary - its really part of the aesthetic. normally, i come on to the imdb to write balanced, generally appreciative comments. this egregious disaster of a film just makes me want to produce an endless, bilious rant. i won't, but only because i no longer want to occupy my "mind" with this trash.

this film is absolutely horrific. one of the worst movies i've ever seen. the story does nearly not exist, the characters are full of stereotypes and the special-fx only make you laugh. the only remarkable thing about this movie is the guest appearance of the rapper coolio as some kind of police officer.if this film was supposed to be a comedy i didn't quite get the point. if you want to watch this movie: please get yourself drunk first and then prepare for some good laughs...especially when the first special-fx appear on the screen.but if you like trash movies made on the cheap: this film is a must-see for you.

worst movie i have seen since gingerale afternoon. i suppose that this is a horror/comedy. i pretty much predicted every scene in this movie. the special-effects were not so special. i believe that i could come up with as good of effects from what i have lying around the house. i wish i could have something good to say about this movie, but i am afraid that i don't. even coolio should be ashamed of appearing in such a turkey. i do, after a little thought, have one thing good to say about this movie - it ended.

what's up with robert "pretentious" altman? was he saving on lighting? everything was so dark in this boring movie that it was laughable. i mean, have you ever seen a lawyer's office where everyone works by candlelight?don't waste your time. in fact, don't waste your time with anything altman makes: it's all a pretentious waste of film.

i thought that this movie was pretty lame. if you're looking for cheesey, you may like this. i, myself, don't mind a fair amount of cheese, but this was ridiculous. the progression of the movie bored me and the storyline was very weak.the only thing entertaining about this movie was the day-glo zombies, but even that isn't reason enough to see this flick.

i saw the trailer to this film and it looked great, so i went out and bought it. what a mistake, the acting is a shambles, the special effects (if you could call them that), look like something that wouldn't be out of place at a school play. some of the characters are so stupid in this film you will cringe the minute they are on the screen, which unfortunately is all to often. as for a story, forget it. this is a warning, don't waste any money at all on this film it has to be one of the worst things i have ever seen. if, for some reason, you like this film watch troll 2, you will probably enjoy that as well.

this movie is awful! i don't even know where to begin, i'm speechless i can't even describe how awful this is. the blood is flourescent first of all, and the acting is awful! the only good part was the biker chick that saves the day. this movie was rediculous, i don't see how it could even get a vote of 1 its so bad. it looks like it was made by highschool students.

this is one of those movies that should have been way better than it turned out to be. i dread to think what the blockbuster-approved edit must have looked like, because the director's cut on dvd was a bore of the epic proportions. naturally, you don't expect it to be "the godfather", but an acting class or two might have come in handy.also, there were so many cute guys in this movie, but they were woefully under-exploited. i like watching a bevy of hotties writhe around in their bvds as much as the next guy, but even i have a right to expect a little more. it wasn't a total loss, though; at least we got a peek a drew fuller's (covered) junk and truly upsetting haircut. and there's huntley ritter looking even cuter than he did in "bring it on" (and acting about as well). there's always a silver lining, kids. you just have to look really hard for it. and occasionally, you have to make use of your pause button.

"voodoo academy" features an "academy" like no other, one that houses only six male students in one bedroom. these teenage guys are instructed in religion by a sinister young priest, who enjoys tormenting and comforting them simultaneously. the sole administrator of this "academy" is a young and seductive headmistress, and she retains her handsome charges on a short leash, so to speak.sexual overtones abound, and the director obviously has high regard for young male bodies. these young actors occasionally strip down to their designer underwear to sneak about the "academy," and their sexuality is the entire focus of the movie. if you're not interested in the male form -- stay away!burdened by weak and awkward dialogue, this low-budget exploitation piece just stumbles along with a few laughable special effects tossed in between the yawns. the mood is claustrophobic, with tediously long takes, a handful of cheap sets and few costume changes. these visual elements come interspersed with seemingly unending sequences of banal dialogue, intended as character and plot development. it gives one the feeling it was filmed in three days...

i have seen a lot of bad films. most of the time i can enjoy a crappy horror film for what it is. but this really takes badness to new extremes.it is bland, the plot for what it is never really goes anywhere and takes its time over it. there are no shocks, no horror, no suspense, just a load of guys rubbing themselves for an hour and a half and then a quick finish.a blight on the crappy horror genre, avoid at all costs.

i know you've read that before, on countless other films no doubt if you're reading the comments here, but voodoo academy still stands as the absolute worst film i've been able to track down. no doubt the really bad ones aren't even available to buy or watch on tv, but even so i feel it's fair to qualify that i'm not just some dumb renter who picked badly.i've seen two thirds of the bottom 100 ranked films here on the imdb, and i'm ticking of the remaining ones with every chance. most of those stand head and shoulders above this... excersize in absolute monotony.i like to rate truly bad films (as in ones with no humour even in how bad they are) by how many people you need to watch it with to make it all the way through. if you can watch it by yourself, it isn't that bad. if you can watch it with one single friend... it's bad but could be a lot worse.it took 5 of us to make it all the way through voodoo academy. and not even the usually fun moments of watching bad films (spotting the boom mic for example, 3 times in this one if i'm not mistaken) could take away the dry taste in my mouth. yes i'd watched it, but i'd also forced 4 of my friends to watch it with me to achieve that end.i hope and pray we saw the directors cut... to think that there could be a version with 20 more minutes of big eyebrowed lugs with baby oil glands rubbing their torsos just scares the hell out of me. so much of the film centers around this.i do applaud david decoteau for managing to lens this film in two days on a short budget, just as i applaud him for convincing people to pay him to make what is no doubt a celluloid version of some of his fetishes. but it isn't a good film. the original shop of horrors was shot in the same length of time for a comparitive amount of money (considering inflation) and was an utter gem. it's not an excuse for how bad this baby is.spoilers ahead...it's not even worth picking apart the plot holes or cliched know it all hero characters... the pacing of the film... is insane... nothing... is interesting for the length of time decoteau dedicates to the pectoral self massaging. no matter what your alignment or sex... rubbing just cannot sustain that kind of screen time.the acting is cheese... but not overly amatuer... i've seen a lot worse in better films... but somehow it's the semi competent delivery of some of the worst lines you'll ever hear in a film, that really grates.rent this if, like me, you have a fascination with the worst of the worst, and only if you're going to watch it with a group of people who are prepared to work to get through it. this is no ha ha ha the set wobbled affair. it's an endurance test you probably want to skip.i'm sure there is worse... but i wouldn't be surprised if it has decoteau's name on it.

this was probably the worst movie i have ever seen in my life!! it was stupid there was no plot and the special affects were ridiculous!! and i have never seen such bad acting in my life! the only good part about the movie were all the hot guys(especially drew fuller). i don't know what these people were thinking when they made this movie!! i didn't even want to finish the whole thing because you get to this point in the movie where the guys are all in bed touching themselves. i mean it was like some kind of sick and twisted kiddy porn! i would advise anyone who has heard of this movie and was interested in seeing it to just forget about it and find another movie to watch! i was very disappointed!! the whole movie was a complete waste of time in my opinion.

if you like to comment on films where the script arrive halfway the movie then this is the one. a setting and acting as in a porn movie but nothing is happening only some groping and touching of the third kind. which actually becomes very boring after 45 minutes of touchy feely but no action. a few of the actors i've seen in real x rated movies and there their acting then was a lot better. all the special effects are done by the great "rondo" whom performs all the magic whit his mind. a cult movie is written on the box. does that mean that this film is not to be watched at all???get drunk with some friends and watch this movie on new years eve ore thanks giving.

cheap and mind-blisteringly dull story and acting. not a single good line, not even a line bad enough to be good, and no memorable delivery. even the blooper reel included with the dvd showed how inept the actors were and how little fun any of them were having. the esoteric and occult basis was apathetically inauthentic, and the antagonists failed to be creepy or believable. the 'homoerotic' overtones were pointlessly tame and dissatisfying, and were limited to young boys caressing their chests while flaccid in their boxers. i'm not gay enough to appreciate it, but a little action might have at least kept me and my girlfriend awake.

this was the most pointless film i have ever seen as there was no plot and the actors did not seem to care. 90% of the film had absolutely no plot whatsoever, i laughed so much my ribs began to ache. the bit where the old men when to capture robert duvall was ludicrous. on a directorial level making a noir film does not involve lots of raining sequences and pointless closeups on the main character. this is a failed attempt to create a noir thriller and instead alienates the viewer with incoherent scenes. seeing as this was based on a 'manuscript' by john grisham i do not count this as one of his book to film adaptations as it displays none of the suspense and engaging storyline as films such as 'the firm' or 'the rainmaker'.

this is a very bad movie. i laughed once or twice, and the storyline sucks! there is maybe one funny joke, it is stupid and it is boring. through the whole short movie, i was falling asleep and wondering when it was going to end.no one acts human, and everyone acts stupid and ridiculous. rob schneider acting like an animal isn't something i would pay to see. it looked funny, but the bottom line: don't waste you're precious time on such a ridiculous and stupid movie.i was wondering when it was going to end, even though it is a short movie. in the beginning we thought it would get better; but it gets worse. stupid, all the way to the end. i walked out of the theater, and i would remember that movie as extremely bad forever.the writer and co-producer of this film is a simpsons tv writer, but this is nothing like the simpsons (this movie sucks!!!)

dreary. schlocky. just plain dreadful and awful. let's be honest, when you sit down to watch something called the double-d avenger you aren't expecting great art or even mild mainstream entertainment. you are probably expecting a cult film type and maybe get some good looks at some impressive busts. you don't get really either of these in the video. the story, as it consistent with most of these types, is inane: kitten natividad runs a local pub, finds out she has breast cancer, flies down to south america for a fruit that claims to be a panacea for any ills and a super-human abilities giver, returns and fights, dressed as the double-d avenger, a group from a local strip club wanting to edge out the competition. as stories go, i have seen a lot worse, but as another reviewer noted the execution is horrendous. the action sequences lack zip, drive, motivation, and are tissue thin. the acting isn't even properly campy and the dialog is the pits. nothing, and i mean nothing is funny from the wincing puns to the heavy-handed boob references. all could be forgiven if the girls could make up for it, but they all fall way short. kitten, haji, and raven de la croix are all quite older(still lovely in their own ways) yet expose nothing and become the antithesis of what they are trying to be: older, campy caricatures of their former selves. instead, they look so lame and desperate - more because of the vehicle they are "starring" in rather than their own abilities. there are some other lovely ladies, but you really do not see much of anything. pg -13 definitely could be an appropriate rating for this. the material, the actresses, and director are all tired, tiresome, and dated - and again - not funny! it was a brutal hour plus sitting through this, and that is a shame as i was expecting something campy and fun. the guy playing bubba by the way was the only real laugh for me. not that he was good at all mind you, but every time he opened his mouth i kept thinking how truly awful he was. the lone bright spot here at all is seeing mr. sci-fi himself, forrest j. ackerman, play the curator of a wax museum and chatting to his wax frankenstein affectionately called frankie. other than that this is a complete bust - now how is that for another tired, dreadful, trite pun!

i saw an interview with rob schneider (who plays the lead character, marvin mange, in this film.) he said in it that he wanted to emphasize physical comedy here so much that even if you had the volume turned off you'd be laughing at this movie. obviously that must be the secret. i had the volume turned up. i was actually listening to this thing and thought it was a disaster, and completely unfunny - a major disappointment after schneider's hilarious performance in "deuce bigalow, male gigolo."the story is stupid: mange is a major loser who dreams of being a cop who gets filled with a bunch of animal transplants after a car accident by a mad scientist type appropriately named dr. wilder (michael caton), and as a result starts to lose control of his "animal instincts." this makes him a "supercop." he can sniff out drugs hidden in body cavities and outrun horses. of course, he also has a nasty habit of eating people's cows and trying to seduce their goats, but surely that's a small price to pay? it just didn't do anything for me. the cast left much to be desired. is there a more irritating actor in all of hollywood than john mcginley? here, he plays sgt. sisk, mange's commander on the police force, as a repugnantly cartoonish character (much the same as his doctor character in the inexplicably popular tv series "scrubs.") i was anxious to get a look at colleen haskell's first "serious" acting job (can anything in this movie be called "serious?") she, of course, gained her fame as a contestant on the first "survivor" and she proves here what we knew from that: she's cute as a button. what she doesn't prove here is that she has any discernible talent as an actress. and what's with ed asner as police chief wilson. i mean, how old is this guy now? he's the size of some of the cows mange tried to eat, and he seemed out of breath the whole way through. i'm surprised he made it through the filming. there's a brief cameo at the end by adam sandler (who also served as executive producer of this.)anyway, i chuckled twice: mange playing with his squeaky toys in the police car, and the scene schneider has with haskell and the orangutan - the orangutan has more acting talent! so, for two chuckles - 2/10.

i hated this movie so much i remember it vividly. it is not even funny. any movie that relies on unfunny sex jokes and racism humor does not deserve the money it costs to make it. in the first half hour, rob schneider drinks a carton of rancid milk. all i could think was "he deserves it, for making such a bad movie". don't waste your time or money on this one.

i didn't really like this movie that much at all. it wasn't really funny and in some cases it was just downright stupid. rob schneider is definitely one enormously talented individual and while his acting was fine in this, it just seemed like a real waste for him to star in. i mean there were some parts that were okay and somewhat humorous in a cute kind of way but that's about it. the only thing that actually caught my attention during this whole ordeal of over the top jokes was that there were some very good looking females present and i'm not one to watch a movie solely because of that but in this case it was the only nook where even the slightest case of redemption could be found. all in all it was a couple notches below an average movie!final query:theaters: so glad i didn't squander too much money on this.dvd purchase: ummm, let me think....no!rental: if you have a prehistoric sense of humor then why not.

marvin(rob schneider)does not have the ingredients to be a cop which is his lifelong dream. but his luck changes when he has a car crush(a very bad one)and is found by a doctor. the doctor has to use animal organs to rebuild him. after this moment, he starts to have wild behaviours unconsciously and becomes a best cop one could ever be. by the time, he realises the changes and his animal instincts starts to take over his human side. in the mean time, he finds a lovely girl and try to be a perfect gentleman that means he has to control himself and behave civilised. i am not a big fun of rob schneider. in fact, this is the his first film i have seen. however, i can easily say that he is the best person to play the loser.(see his part in ally mcbeal, quite funny actually).there are some good parts in the movie such as his flirting with the goat. in such movies, the biggest problem is that the script is seems to make the viewer feel less intelligent. i am sure this movie is okay to watch as long as it is not taken too seriously. but very sad to see such films doing very good in the box office. the animal is not the worst film i have seen to date but fails to get more than *.

ain't it hilarious when an average schmo leading a pathetic life suddenly has something outrageously magical happen to him, turning his life upside down and causing him to learn a few valuable lessons along the way? that formula never gets old, does it? it's such a sure fire way to make a classic film! just look at major hits like liar liar and big!... this must have been rob schneider's line of thinking when he made semi-successful deuce bigalow: male gigolo and followed it with the animal. since i've already traced the plot through sarcasm, allow me to color it in more: schneider plays a loser cop who's suddenly involved in a tragic accident but is saved through surgery... by a loopy veterinarian who loads him up with animal parts, causing him to whinny like a horse at inappropriate times, run like a cheetah, etc. this movie is slightly more likable than other schneider-starring flicks (such as another lame same-plot follow-up the hot chick), but it almost feels like they want audiences to hate it by casting a reality tv star as the romantic lead (colleen haskell from "survivor") and inserting a cameo by norm macdonald. my favorite scene... just does not exist. sorry - nothing memorably good except the production value. i just want to end this review by saying that slight references to other movies in a movie can be okay, but when it comes to lines being delivered the exact same way ("you can do it!"), there's a word for that - "milking." actually, here's another word - "cheap."

i believe that war films should try to convey the terror of war, avoid idealism and respect some rudimentary military principles. zvezda barely does the first. zvezda being a russian war film, i was expecting patriotism, sentimentality, beautiful poetic pictures, a lush score, slavic cheekbones and cruel germans. what i didn't need was the naive love non-affair, the unrealistically silly war scenes and the abuse of the syrupy soundtrack in a film which avoided carefully all historical or political references (stalinism, nazism, holocaust) only to end on a passing but nonetheless insulting to our sense of history endnote about "liberating poland". a missed opportunity as a film but not as propaganda apparently.

for domestic audiences i can see how they would applaud this movie. for outsiders, with no vested interests, it did not make much sense. the germans were portrayed as incompetents and the russians as heroes. the supposedly romantic angle was superfluous and a distraction. how a young woman could 'love' the lieutenant from just glimpsing him was nonsense. how she could, as mentioned at the end of the movie, never marry just because of this infatuation was beyond me. i mentioned the germans were portrayed as idiots and that was exemplified in the chase into the marsh. several hundred german troops advanced, pushing the russians into the marsh. so the russians hid and the germans stopped at the edge of the marsh and just stood there listening. i suppose they did not want to get their boots wet, but i am sure an officer would have ordered 20 or 30 men into the water to search the marsh. but that would have ended the story. also, the germans entered the barn where the russians were hiding in the loft and did not bother to fire into the roof. at the worst some soldier would have tossed a grenade into the loft and not climbed a ladder to peer in.i did see some reviewers who said they cried at the end. i wonder why? you knew this small band would perish and they was nothing heart-tugging in that.

well, i suppose the good news concerning william winckler's 2001 opus, "the double-d avenger," is that it manages to unite three of russ meyer's mammarian marvels--kitten natividad, haji and raven de la croix--in one picture. (i can only assume that lorna maitland, tura satana and babette bardot were busy the week they shot this thing...or else managed to see a copy of the script in advance!) the bad news, though (and there's plenty of it), is that this film--if it can even be called that, having been shot straight to video--is a complete misfire, a total abortion, an out-and-out atrocity, an absolute abomination, and truly one of the worst pictures that i have ever seen. look no further for the lamest superhero movie ever made! the plot here, such as it is, deals with kitten gaining superpowers after fellating the rare cockazilla plant in south america to cure her breast cancer (oy), and later battling a trio of megalunged bikini dancers back in l.a. too bad that every lame boob joke trotted out falls completely (you should pardon the expression) flat, that there is zero actual nudity in the film at all (other than some old photos of kitten in her heyday), and that some shaving cream and a papier-mache boulder are the sum total of the special fx. the meyer gals here are a bit long in the tooth/saggy in the chest, to put it kindly, although sheri dawn thomas, as bikini girl ooga boobies (!), does manage to, uh, stand out nicely. so why have i given this juvenile, unfunny, failed embarrassment of a movie 2 stars instead of 1? to be succinct: joe bob briggs. his voice-over commentary in the special features of the dvd i just watched is absolutely hilarious, especially when he pulls out around 100 synonyms for the word "breast" from the 1,000+ on his web site's "canonical hooters list." the man is a national treasure, and he manages to upgrade this skeet of a disc to coaster status!

kitten natividad, of russ meyer film fame, plays chastity knott, a woman who has found she has breast cancer, so she goes to south america to get some special fruit (crockazilla?) that is supposed to have healing powers. after going down on some of this fruit (which appears to be plastic bananas on stalks) chastity is endowed with some mystical magical powers that makes her a super-hero, specifically, the double d avenger. note that she's also wearing a pair of panties as a mask. in writing, that all sounds pretty good. in execution, well, it leaves more than a little to be desired. it seems that chastity owns a pub and a local strip joint is upset because she's taking away their business so some of the strippers (including haji, also of russ meyer film fame) go after her to ruin her. of course, chastity fights back in the guise of the double d avenger. watch her do a "wonder woman" type spin to change into her outfit and also lose her balance due to excessive centrifugal force. bad jokes and lame double entendres fly like there was no tomorrow. with the inane theme song playing over and over this comes off like a twisted 70's "live action" kid's show with adult content, although while this is unrated it could probably get away with pg-13 at the worst. and it's probably a blessing that the faded stars kept well covered. this makes doris wishman's chesty morgan films look positively wonderful in comparison. special appearance by forest j. ackerman but so what. very stupid, and i'm never buying another film with joe bob briggs on the cover. 2 out of 10.

hard to describe this one -- if you were a fan of russ meyer films back in the day, you will surely be pleased to see that haji is still looking really hot, though forry ackerman has not fared so well (what is he doing still making these movies anyway? if i go up to him with a camera will he be in my movie?). it was a pretty fun premise -- a superhero whose giant mammaries are her secret weapon -- but sometimes it did not pan out for the whole length, and the jokes were on a level with your average joe e. brown comedy (or, abbott and costello if that's your thing) -- basically just bad puns. still, i found this movie fascinating to watch, and for more than 2 reasons. good job, but still a fundamentally flimsy production.

i watched this a few days ago, so details are getting hazy. the film is shot on hand-held cameras, and a lot was made of this at the time it was released originally, since we hadn't had many studio pictures made in this way. i can't help but feel this was more of a gimmick than anything, designed to make the audience think that what we are seeing on the screen hasn't had all the compromises that come with a big budget, and so was more "real". however what we have here isn't much more than a not-as-good rip off of the first half of full metal jacket, so anyone who has seen that, or any one of the other rip offs there of, will know what to expect.the main problem i had was the stereotyped characters, with the weedy soft kids out of their depth, close harmony singing, ebonics spouting black dudes, world weary sergeants, bitter and twisted psychos etc etc... all being put into the sorts of situations that would provide the most friction and tension at any given time. maybe this was intentional to highlight the stupidity and injustice of the situation, maybe it was laziness, or maybe it was just a committee trying to appeal to the biggest audience, all i know is it was annoying. one novel thing was the mixture of volunteers and draftees (where normally all the characters would have been forced into the situation,) although only the scenes between the two main characters really make much play of it. this seems to be the main pivot of the plot, with the volunteers coming to their senses and the draftees gaining a sense of duty and self worth, but its all done in a rather forced and unsubtle way. the other big bug i had was how all the characters (with the exception of the psychos and the real softies) would react to each inevitable conflict with at first aggression and threats of violence, faced with farrell's ubiquitous stoicism, immediately back down and be all reasonable and diplomatic.i guess if i had to find a plus it would be the acting from the two leads, which was strong and very convincing, tho considering the formulaic nature of the characters, this wasn't too hard.in my imagination, bozz grew up to be zeke off tour of duty, and for my money, 4 episodes of that would be more fun to watch.

while some scenes of training were realistic, too many of them depicted military instructors as ex-nazi types. obviously, the people who wrote the screen play were either anti-military types or writing a film for that audience.i am a viet nam vet and, even during this period, military instructors who behaved in the manner some of these did would probably still be serving time in military prison.and i really loved the scene where the "hero" and his buddy (both privates) are sitting down in the captain's office, smoking cigarettes and talking and cussing with the captain as if he were their buddy. this sort of thing never happened in training or in a formal situation, as was the purpose for the scene.at the end i asked myself, "what was this film about?" as it seemed to wander around all over the place with no focus except "i hate all authority." thank god i got it from the library and did not pay to rent it.

i realise that the us army was demoralised by 1971, but this film was unbelievable. it was supposed to be a training camp not the ss punishment battalion in a sven hassell novel. the writer must be a real army hater. the psycho sergeant who kept beating the crap of people belonged in a prison cell, and the useless black top sergeant should have been sacked as well. these men were going overseas, the receiving units would surely have wondered where all the unusable damaged recruits were coming from, and an investigation would have ensued. the scene that blew it completely was the electrocution one. farrell, the alleged barrack room lawyer, would have had the instructor over a barrel for issuing an illegal order ( to torture pows in contravention to the geneva convention ), actual assault on an enlisted man, sexual assault and conduct unbecoming an officer. intead he just walks away. after this, discipline brakes down into a madhouse level and the film becomes unwatchable. i don't know how it ended, i went to bed.

i got this movie in the $5 bin at walmart. i would not recommend watching this move. i might give it to one of my friends if i am angry at them and want them to suffer for 2 hours.i looked at the cover and skimmed through the summary and thought it was a war movie. i wish i would have known how boring this movie was going to be before turning it on. it was my mistake to think something was going to happen in this movie. it's just about a group of people going from one boot camp to another. the drill sargents treat the soldiers very badly and the main character tries to help people get out of fighting in vietnam.okay, here is my rant about this movie: to me, this movie is slow and hard to watch. it was just one of those movies that you put in and are stuck watching because you want to turn it off but your hanging on to a string of hope that it might pick up towards the end. it doesn't. after the movie was over i through it behind my t.v. because i was angry that i wasted almost 2 hours of my life watching it, and another 10 minutes writing this review to warn people about it.

i was shocked by the ridiculously unbelievable plot of tigerland. it was a liberal's fantasy of how the military should be. the dialogue was difficult to swallow along with the silly things colin farrell's character was allowed to get away with by his superior officers.i kept thinking, "hey, there's a reason why boot camp is tough. it's supposed to condition soldiers for battle and turn them into one cohesive unit. there's no room for cocky attitudes and men who won't follow orders." i was rooting for bozz to get his butt kicked because he was such a danger to his fellow soldiers. i would not want to fight alongside someone like him in war because he was more concerned with people's feelings than with doing what was necessary to protect his unit.--

if you look at corey large's information here on imdb, apparently there's a movie called "reload" in production (as of june '08) in which he's playing a character named sebastian cole.first of all, how does such a crappy movie ever earn a sequel ... and second, didn't sebastian get killed at the end of "loaded"?i watched this in the wee hours of the morning when i was battling insomnia, and so i was drifting in and out while it was on. i'm sure i missed some plot points, but overall, it seemed really weak. large's performance was (for me) one of the stronger parts of the film. i'm also a bit surprised at all the people commenting on the beautiful girls, since i thought the actress playing brooke was pretty, but not exceptional.

since most review's of this film are of screening's seen decade's ago i'd like to add a more recent one, the film open's with stock footage of b-17's bombing germany, the film cut's to oskar werner's hauptmann (captain) wust character and his aide running for cover while making their way to hitler's fuehrer bunker, once inside, they are debriefed by bunker staff personnel, the film then cut's to one of many conference scene's with albin skoda giving a decent impression of adolf hitler rallying his officer's to "ultimate victory" while werner's character is shown as slowly coming to realize the bunker denizen's are caught up in a fantasy world-some non-bunker event's are depicted, most notable being the flooding of the subway system to prevent a russian advance through them and a minor subplot involving a young member of the flak unit's and his family's difficulty in surviving-this film suffer's from a number of detail inaccuracies that a german film made only 10 year's after ww2 should not have included; the actor portraying goebbels (willy krause) wear's the same uniform as hitler, including arm eagle- goebbels wore a brown nazi party uniform with swastika armband-the "ss" soldier's wear german army camouflage, the well documented scene of hitler awarding the iron cross to boy's of the hitler youth is shown as having taken place inside the bunker (it was done outside in the courtyard) and lastly, hitler's suicide weapon is clearly shown as a belgian browning model 1922-most account's agree it was a walther ppk-some bit's of acting also seem wholly inaccurate with the drunken dance scene near the end of the film being notable, this bit is shown as a cabaret skit, with a intoxicated wounded soldier (his arm in a splint) maniacally goose-stepping to music while a nurse does a combination striptease/belly dance, all by candlelight... this is actually embarrassing to watch-the most incredible bit is when werner's captain wust gain's an audience alone with skoda's hitler, hitler is shown as slumped on a wall bench, drugged and delirious, when werner's character begin's to question him, hitler start's screaming which bring's in a ss guard who mortally wound's werner's character in the back with a gunshot-this fabricated scene is not based on any true historic account-werner's character is then hauled off to die in a anteroom while hitler prepare's his own ending, hitler's farewell to his staff is shown but the suicide is off-screen, the final second's of the movie show hitler's funeral pyre smoke slowly forming into a ghostly image of the face of the dead oskar werner/hauptmann wust-this film is more allegorical than historical and anyone interested in this period would do better to check out more recent film's such as the 1973 remake "hitler: the last 10 day's" or the german film "downfall" (der untergang) if they wish a more true accounting of this dramatic story, these last two film's are based on first person eyewitness account's, with "hitler: the last 10 day's" being compiled from gerhard boldt's autobiography as a staff officer in the fuehrer bunker and "downfall" being done from hitler's secretary's recollection's, the screen play for "der letzte akte" is taken from american nuremberg war crime's trial judge michael musmanno's book "ten day's to die", which is more a compilation of event's (many obviously fanciful) than eyewitness history-it is surprising that hugh trevor roper's account,"the last day's of hitler" was never made into a film.

this bogus journey never comes close to matching the wit and craziness of the excellent adventure these guys took in their first movie. this installment tries to veer away from its prequel to capture some new blood out of the joke, but it takes a wrong turn and journeys nowhere interesting or funny.there's almost a half-hour wasted on showing the guys doing a rock concert (and lots of people watching on "free tv"--since when does that happen?) surely the script writer could have done something more creative; look at how all the random elements of the first movie were neatly tied up together by a converging them at the science presentation. not in this film, which pretty much ended the bill & ted franchise. the joke was over.the grim reaper is tossed into the mix, for whatever reason. this infusion, like the whole plot, is done poorly and lacks sparks for comedy or audience involvement. there's a zz top impression, hammered in for no reason. there's lights, smoke, mirrors, noise. but nothing really creative or funny.skip this bogus thing.

first off, i must admit that both films i've seen by this director i saw without titles and so may have missed the points. my czech isn't bad but, having sat through two of his films, i wish i hadn't even tried to learn. samotari is too cool. way too cool. it's about ten different story lines that weave in and out together. that's not so deeply unusual in a town the size of prague (tiny, really.) the main characters are between 20 and 30. they've got jobs and only one studies. the best character is the young balkan girl. her sentiments are echoed by immigrants here every damn day. that's about it. the only great character. everyone else is making their own lives hell quite on their own. how can i sympathise with such obvious incompetence? perhaps there are interesting bits with japanese tourists but do i need another stereotype in film? if you like alright music, see this film. if you want to laugh at others' stupidity, see this film. if you like irony and dry humor, see an original jarmusch not an imitation. and under no circumstances see ondricek's film, septej (whisper.) that is unless you enjoy homophobic stereotypes.

as a young black/latina woman i am always searching for movies that represent the experiences and lives of people like me. of course when i saw this movie at the video store i thought i would enjoy it; unfortunately, i didn't. although the topics presented in the film are interesting and relevant, the story was simply not properly developed. the movie just kept dragging on and on and many of the characters that appear on screen just come and go without much to contribute to the overall film. had the director done a better job interconnecting the scenes, perhaps i would have enjoyed it a bit more. honestly, i would recommend a film like "raising victor" over this one any day. i just was not too impressed.

this is one of the worst-written movies i've ever had to sit through.the story's nothing new -- but it's a cartoon, so who cares, as long as it's pretty and fun? i'm not going to go as deep as the characterisations, or i'll be here all day (except to say that there aren't any; the characters change personality whenever it's convenient to the plot), but whoever wrote the script and visual direction should be forbidden access to so much as pencil and paper. thumbs down? i'd vote to cut their thumbs off."narrow in on an object/prop. cut back to character close-up. character gives a knowing look, which the audience will not even remotely understand. repeat that several times, with different objects/props.""make the characters pay no attention at all the huge lumps of rock are floating around, crashing into each other, generally raining destruction all over, and which could kill them all at any moment -- but make them stop and gasp in fear when they see a harmless-looking, almost pastoral green rock in the distance." the whole thing is a long succession of events, actions, and behaviour that are only there for the convenience of the writer, to save him having to think or make any effort at all to write the story properly.this is the plan 9 of cg cartoons, except that it doesn't have ed wood groan factor to make it fun to watch.do yourselves a favour: spend your cartoon budget on pixar movies.

oh my. how can they make movies of such beauty, but that are so terribly bad. i mean, even uwe boll doesn't make crap like this. there is not even a hint of a decent story, multi-layered characters, or attraction. it's just a random sequence of pointless chatter joined together to make a 'movie'. i suppose only children up to 3 years of age could enjoy it, given the world is so utterly dimensionless and the story so incoherent, that anyone older would be annoyed by it. but then again, it's far too scary for anyone under 6 years of age, that there's probably no one that should watch this movie at all.take my advice and stay far, far away from this movie. your little daughter can make a better storyline, and though she probably isn't able to draw pictures this pretty, her tales are much more worth listening to. and please, in the name of whoever you believe in, do not expose your children to this piece of ****. i'll give it 2 out of 10, and that's exclusively for the graphics, because the story and character development are so awful they'd deserve a negative rating.and if you decide to watch it anyways... remember that i warned you.

disappointing and undeniably dull true-crime movie that has poorly cast character actor jeremy renner languidly mumbling his way through the title role of jeffrey dahmer, who was easily one of the last century's most recognizable degenerates/serial killers. released straight-to-video back in early 2003, "dahmer" is an overtly talky, boring, badly acted and virtually bloodless snore-fest of a true-crime drama that never truly delves into the monstrous and demented psyche of the late mass murderer like it had the perfectly good potential to do! what it does, however, attempt to do for reasons unknown to me is evoke some sort of sympathy in the viewer for the man by portraying him out to be what is ultimately a lonely, nebbishy and severely socially inept homosexual loser who was simply lookin' for love in all the wrong places as opposed to the cold, calculating and depraved sicko and madman that he was! overall, 2003's "dahmer" is one that true-crime buffs everywhere might as well skip because i'm not kidding when i say that it's one of the worst serial-killer biopics ever done! it's even sorrier than other pathetic and exploitive straight-to-video trash like "gacy", "bundy", "ed gein" and "the night stalker"! (turkey-zero stars)

"dahmer" is an interesting film although i wouldn't use "horror" or "thriller" do describe it. it's more a minor character study that seems oddly sympathetic of the killer.jeremy renner portrays serial killer jeffrey dahmer, who drugged, murdered and dismembered his male victims. the film centers on the relationship between dahmer and "rodney", well-played by artel kayàru. rodney is almost the more interesting character: enamored of dahmer and having once escaped an attack, he returns to dahmer for sex and survives a second attack.i think the film is disjointed because it does little to portray dahmer's formative years, how events may have created the human monster we see on screen and offers no insight into dahmer's belief that he could create sexual zombies of his victims.the roles are well played but the story is thin.

it could have been a morbidly fascinating look at the life of one of america's most notorious serial killers, but sadly it doesn't even come close. terrible editing, direction, bad acting, you name it. this movie is literally about 10 minutes of plot stretched into 100. the only redeeming quality is bruce davidson as the father, but that's not nearly enough to save this stinker. a 1 out of 10.

curiosity led me to this "masterpiece". unfortunately, i didn't rent it, i bought it! the most disturbing thing about this film is that it's not so disturbing. for reasons known only to them, the makers of this film set out to show the human side of jeffry dahmer. are you kidding me? the man gave new meaning to the term "finger lickin' good"! and with all the flash-backs and flash-forwards i had trouble following the story. all in all jeremy renner's performance wasn't too bad. you can catch him in "s.w.a.t.", in which he plays a disgruntled ex-cop. anyway, i would rate this as a 1/10. it only got a 1 because of renner's so-so performance. there are plenty of books and tv documentaries out there that do a much better job of covering dahmer's crimes. avoid this one.

way to go ace! you just made a chilling, grossly intriguing story of a necrophiliac cannibal into a soft, mellow, drama. obviously a movie called dahmer would be one of two kinds: horror, or documentary right? this was neither. it wasn't close to any detailed facts, (in fact it barely had any substance at all) it wasn't really morbid or scary or didn't even try to be very disturbing.(as if you would've had to try!!) what the hell was this writer/director thinking?? here's one of the most real examples of sick serial killers ever and we get badly shot, poorly acted gay bar roofie rapes and lengthy droning flashbacks to alone time in his old parent's house. i think jacobson was actually trying to present (or invent) 'the soft side' of j.dahmer.

i do have the `guts' to inform you to please stay away from `dahmer', the biographical film based on the real-life story of the grotesque serial killer. `dahmer' strays more in relation to the mentality of its focused subject. jeffrey dahmer, who murdered over 15 young males and ate some of their body parts, was probably the most incongruous serial killer of our generation. however, the real sick individuals are the filmmakers of this awful spectacle who should have had their heads examined before deciding to greenlight this awful `dahm' project. this is not an easy film to digest, even though jeffrey would have easily digested it with some fiery `brainsadillas' appetizers or even some real-life `mr. potato skins'. * failure

well, it is hard to add comment after reading what is already here but i feel i must say something. i wasn't exactly looking for 'a splatterfest' as someone puts it or even 'blood and guts/gore'. i have some respect for the victims relatives although i really felt the filmaker didn't. -they were nameless, faceless and meaningless. just a vessel for dahmers sexual antics.i watched this film with the kind of morbid curiosity that makes me think 'what makes a guy be a serial killer?' as well as wondering the specifics about the dahmer story, of which i know very little. people here seem to think that the movie didn't have to cover the events of the dahmer story.. i.e. his history, what happened when he got caught, the aftermath, etc but it is important! you see, i assume if you are american you will know all of this. we do not all live in america. to tell this story about such a man as he obviously was, requires that at least some of the history and actual events are told/shown. this doesn't mean blood and guts, there are ways of showing horrific things in a movie by implication or clever filming without resorting to gore. without even touching upon some of what he did (i found out more about him reading the user comments on this site!), the movie felt like a void. a moment in time with very little substance. i would like to know if there is a film about the real dahmer because with its lack of direction, very slow pace that never changes, strange portrayal of homosexuality and the very unfortunate lack of any attempt at an ending, this movie is poor. i would not recommend to anyone that they waste the time it takes to watch it. a definite 1 out of 10 (for the acting!)

this movie had so much potential. anyone who followed the story of jeffrey knows that there are so many details overlooked in this movie it's ridiculous. too much time and effort was spent in the movie on dahmer's homosexual tendencies and his alcohol consumption. where was the character development? the origins of any villain are always interesting and dahmer was no exception. where in the movie does it address his adolescence when he began killing and mutilating small animals? instead we are giving a dizzying array of flashbacks that seek to explain the origin of the killer, but fail to address the major point in dahmer's development. also, the reason why the country became so intrigued with this story was the details - how he stored the bodies in his apartment and the lengths and measures he went to to accomplish this; his cannibalism and his desire for flesh, etc. i could go on, but to sum up, too many lagging points in the film, focused on his sexuality and not enough of the gore - the good stuff you would expect to see when the title of the movie is "dahmer."

this sorry excuse for a film reminded me a great deal of what i heard about "gigli", that ben and jen flop earlier this summer. "the order" was clearly edited to such an unconscionable degree that the scenes, rather than forming a cohesive and provoking film, appeared to be a collection of disconnected sequences that did little to forward any semblance of a unified plot. now, i'm a heath ledger fan ("10 things i hate about you", "a knight's tale" and particularly his supporting role in "monster's ball"), but my man needs to find himself a better agent. keep accepting scripts like "the order" and "four feathers" and he's going to be on the fast track to movie oblivion.here are the problems i had with the film. firstly, the director tried to make up for the inadequacies of his essential plot by introducing two other plot lines that seemingly had little if anything to do with, well, much of anything. plot skeins involving the american trying to take over the vatican and the dark pope, while mildly interesting, did nothing to reveal to the viewer anything about the main characters. the attempts to tie these threads together were pathetic at best. secondly, please don't insult the intelligence of the viewer by inserting into the film scenes that are clearly obligatory. we had manufactured angst, manufactured love and most idiotically manufactured sex that seemed like a page right out of "matrix reloaded" with skull-numbing techno music. rather than developing character, these elements seemed like the cheap devices they clearly were, a half-hearted attempt at putting popcorn-chewing adolescents in the seats. thirdly, and most importantly, this movie seemed to ha ve an intriguing concept. we have scandal, we have religion and we have supernatural forces at play. why then do we learn almost nothing about anyone's background? we learn a little about alex, but even he gives up the passion of the priesthood to sleep with a woman after two days, a woman who tried to kill him during an exorcism at some point in the past. and alex is the most developed, if you can call it that, character in the entire film.as the cliche goes nowadays, if you're going to see one movie this year, make sure it's not this one. there's about ten interesting minutes out of the intolerable 101 minute affair. the only thing that saved me was going with a girl who i'm rather fond of.1 out of 10. i'm disappointed. file this one firmly under -had potential but blew it on over editing and bad directing-. heath my man, go back to monster's ball-like cameos. they really suit you.

my friends and i walked out after 15 minutes, and we weren't the first. afterwards, we tried to get our money back. movie theater management wouldn't allow this, but they did agree to let us see another film. the only time that worked for us was to see dickie roberts: former child star. as you can tell, this wasn't a memorable night. probably one of my worst movie nights. close second has to be when i saw a double header of domestic disturbance and heist. in conclusion, for the sake of humanity, please don't see the order.

what was the worst movie of 2003? "cat in the hat?" "gigli?" mais non! i propose that it was this atrocious little film from earlier in the year. badly written, badly edited, and (if i may be so bold) badly acted, "the order" is the black hole of film - a movie so dense not even the slightest bit of entertainment could escape from its event horizon of suck. it isn't even accidentally funny, like (for example) "showgirls."you know that the producers are assuming that their audience isn't going to be very smart. they renamed the movie, originally titled "the sin eaters," because they figured americans were too stupid to understand what a sin eater was, even though they go to great lengths to explain what a sin eater is in the movie. instead, they figure an utterly generic title and a picture of heath ledger looking sullen are more than enough to get you in there.and, hey, what do you know, they were right! my ex-girlfriend saw the picture of heath and dragged me in. congratulations, producers, you've met your target market. she also liked "grease ii," so you're in good company.back on topic, heath plays a catholic monk from a specific (you guessed it) order that is trying to investigate the murder of his mentor. he has celibacy issues, possibly because nobody in their right mind would believe that he knew the slightest thing about religion, much less be a celibate monk. the only other member of this order is a funny alcoholic fat guy. as much as i've wanted to see the return of the funny alcoholic to the big screen, his attempts at humor reminded me of all the dorks in my high school who did imitations of monty python, thinking that if they just said the lines like the pythons did they would automatically be funny. you know the sort of people i'm talking about.if i utter any more, i would be in danger of generating spoilers. frankly, the thing that spoiled this movie for me was the fact that it was created.

i shouldn't even review this movie, since it's not actually a horror movie -- and thus not worthy of dr. cheese's attention. at least, it's not horror in the usual sense. it's certainly a horrifying proposition to waste your time watching this crap. that's why i turned it off after the first four hours. imagine my surprise, then, when the clock showed that only 45 minutes had passed. yep, that's right; in plain terms, this movie is b-o-r-i-n-g."the order" had lots of flaws, not all of them unique. in particular, it seems to me the main problem with the "religious" subgenre of horror films is hollywood's unwillingness to engage christianity on its own terms. it is quite possible to make truly creepy films that are also orthodox. just ask william peter blatty. in fact, without orthodoxy, films like this are just an anything-goes smorgasbord of the filmmakers' (usually dull and illogical) imaginations.think about it. if someone made a movie ostensibly about, say, physics, but not only got the basic laws of physics wrong, but based the entire plot on its wrong portrayals, you would soon get tired of the resulting pointless plot. the same goes for these sorts of movies.in other words, "the order"(and many similar movies before it) invent out of whole cloth stuff about the catholic church and about the christian faith and attempt to build a plot out of these inventions. unsurprisingly, the plot ends up being incoherent and stupid. this movie has the added charm of being as interesting to watch as your toenails growing.avoid this steaming pile.

the turgid pace of this movie numbs us to any shocks that it might provide. there was no real suspense. most of the characters were insipid. the chesty irish priest was as lame as the love interest. interest is misleading. the girl that they chose to provide the film's sensuality might be better. the central conflict of the main character was uninvolving. this film is entirely devoid of positives. it is like a tedious exercise by someone who didn't want to go to the gym that day but did anyway.

the good fellas at webster's dictionary define logophobia as the ‘fear of words'. i may just be logophobic. for no word combination scares me more than when at the beginning of a film, credits contain the words `produced, written and directed by:', and are followed by a single individual's name. think about it. there are carpenters, electricians and plumbers, but so few jack-of-all-trades. even the most seasoned of directors like speilberg and scorsese rarely take such control of their films. but there i was, all nestled in my theatre seat, popcorn in hand and about to watch the order when hurled at me like a nolan ryan fastball, were the words `produced, written and directed by brian helgeland'. whoa! being a film buff, i knew of brian helgeland. as a writer his filmograpghy over the past 10 years would be graphed like a dotcom company's stock price in 1998. there were as many theatrical unpleasantries (assassins, the postman, conspiracy theory) as there were critical and award winning successes (l.a. confidential, mystic river). they seemed to alternate – one good, one bad, so knowing that his last film, bloodwork was one of the most wasted efforts in clint eastwood's career, i took a breath and hoped for the best. in retrospect, i should not have exhaled. the order stars heath ledger (helgeland's a knights tale), as alex bernier, a priest in an order known as the carolingians, who is summoned to rome when a fellow priest is killed under circumstances that the arch bishop deems ‘curious'. meeting up with father thomas (also of the order and played wonderfully by still standings' mark addy), they set out to piece together the riddle left behind in the wake of the priest's untimely death.complicating matters is a sub plot involving mara sinclair (played by shannyn sossamon) who has escaped from an institution that was the result of her attempts to kill alex during an exorcism. alex has feelings towards mara and for some reason unbeknownst to the audience, they travel to rome together.nary a good nights sleep goes by and alex is confronted by william eden (benno fürmann) who claims to be a centuries old sin eater. a sin eater, as we are told, are those that eat the sins of a dying individual when the church does not, thus allowing entrance into heaven. william, as luck would have it, is tired of a life of healing and looks for alex to take over his role and free him from his worldly duties. alex is reluctant, but after the death of his new love mara, alex resorts to the ritual of the sin eater to save her and the transformation is complete. alex then searches for answers to his many queries while father thomas unveils the vatican plot behind the passing of authority to his fellow investigator. the order is not a terrible film, but it is terribly boring. there were ridiculous special effects and no connection with any of the characters. even in the most dramatic scene - that of alex walking in on the dying mara - is pale and bland and leaves us with no emotional response towards the couple's plight. everybody seems to talk so quietly and unemotionally that the film flat lines and smelling salts could have been administered to keep me from trying to grab a quick nap in the middle of the film.so, mr. helgeland, i plead with you not to try this again. share your vision with others and allow those more experienced to help direct you in directions that are not so narrow minded and self-serving. until then, there is nothing emanating that shows you are capable of anything more than a failing grade. two stars.

horrible waste of time - bad acting, plot, directing. this is the most boring movie ever! there are bad movies that are fun (freddy vs. jason), and there are bad movies that are horrible. this one fits into the latter. bottom line - don't waste your time.

in the bygone days of the catholic church, a sin-eater was an individual that, through ritual, would take the sins of a dying person upon themselves. often, these people were excommunicate or similar individuals who the church would not absolve, thereby denying them entrance into heaven. the sin-eaters were seen as blasphemous, circumventing the chruch's monopoly on redemption. sex this up a bit with some overt supernatural mojo, let the concept wander where it may, and you have "the order", a movie that combines "stigmata"'s religious anti-authoritarianism, "the x-files"' paranormal investigation, and "the thorn birds"' sexual spirituality into an odd melange that sometimes works.alex (heath ledger) is a rogue priest, one of the last members of the order of the carolingians, a semi-heretical order of knowledge-seeking, demon-fighting priests. when alex's mentor is found dead under bizarre circumstances, bishop driscoll (peter weller) sends alex to investigate. tagging along are fellow carolingian thomas (mark addy) and mara (shannyn sossman), who was subject to one of alex's exorcisms a year prior. the three go to rome to investigate and are drawn into a dark underworld of bizarre catholic heresy, ominous prophecies, demonic intrusions, and a man claiming to be the last surviving sin-eater (benno furmann).written and directed by brian helgeland (who worked with the same principals on the scattershot and half-hearted "a knight's tale"), the film is an odd one, and difficult to classify. it wants to be several things at once -- supernatural thriller, religious intrigue, dramatic television pilot -- and only sometimes succeeds at any of them. this isn't helped by the slow pace or the fact that most of the actors seem to be sleepwalking through their performances with occasional bursts of brilliance. ledger, in particular, has a particularly stunning scene of despair in an otherwise monochromatic performance. sossman, however, displayed the same disconnected performance that she's given in all of her films (most notably in "the rules of attraction").the plot itself meanders back and forth between several different story arcs, leading you to wonder which is the main one with each arc containing its share of red herrings. large gaps of narrative appear to be lost between scenes at times, which can be confusing for many, but this is also one of the film's saving graces. the structure of the film -- coupled by the fact that there is never a truly clear antagonist until the very end of the film -- forces the viewer to analyze and reason in a time when most films are blatantly obvious about everything (the exception to this is historical background on the carolingians and the practice of sin-eating, both of which are explained in dry exposition). even at the beginning of the film, character relationships and history are inferred instead of explained. combine this with the on-location shooting and judicious use of special effects, and you have a very old-world supernatural thriller, with even the opening credits reminiscent of something from the late 70's/early 80's.a brief mention here, as well, for the subtle and organic score by david torn, a combination of minimalist orchestration and lisa gerrard-style exotic vocals. a very nice score that is evocative without being bombastic and exists in a very deceptive simplicity.a confusing plot, a lack of purpose, and sometimes sleepy performances would often damn a movie, but for some reason, "the order" remains watchable. many people will be very turned off by the movie for its odd sensibilities, and some may even become angry that they are forced to engage the higher functions of their brain to understand it. still, the film's sheer intangibility will prevent it from being either a critical or commercial success until the dvd, which i'm sure will be stocked with copious amounts of deleted scenes. a recommended film only for people who like to think while they watch. 6 out of 10.

the screenwriter poorly attempted to re-create the "exorcist'. but put in some blah-blah love story that makes you sick instead of keeping you engaged. there is no substance whatsoever in this entire film. it had the potential of being something special but blows it by showing a bunch of people yack about things nobody cares about. extremely boring, i wanted to leave the theater when i saw this but the dumb movie tickets were expensive so i had to withstand the dreary torture which felt like it lasted forever. nothing on screen connected relevance back to whatever the characters were talking about.they use computer graphics in here that instead of wowing me (as it intended, i hate cgi) just ruined the movie even more. some people say this movie did horrible in the movie theaters because of how "thought-provoking" and "slow-paced-without-action-because it's an intelligent film" it was. what is so intelligent or thought provoking when the story is basically about pretty boy heath ledger as a priest who has a love interest and disobeys his religion? seems like an uninspired concept. oh and there's some mumbo jumbo about the "sin-eater" (movie was originally going to be titled "sin-eater"). lame concept but the movie took the "sin-eater" thing too seriously, making the movie become pathetic and delusional about how dark and intelligent it was. yeah, i know there were really sin-eaters in the medieval times but this movie just makes it sound cheesy.nothing in the movie was executed right and i forget why i even bothered to see this movie. if you want horror films that actually have depth, watch rosemary's baby, the tenant, naked blood, society, cannibal holocaust, pin, exorcist, omen, or any of the romero "dead trilogy" films. nonsense dialogue does not equate to intelligence people, mainstream movie fans think that though (same kind of people that think a ridiculous movie like hulk is a cinematic masterpiece). if you want mind-numbingly boring horror, watch the order. this movie makes church seem like a roller coaster ride.

::potential spoilers::man, this movie was awful. a catholic/superstitious/suspense thriller it goes over already well tread ground from previous movies.the doubting priest. sex and the priesthood. politics and religion. church hypocrisy. conspiracy involving the church. the dawn of a new evil age. all kinds of dark magic voodoo battles between good and evil.pretty stupid and lame with a weak storyline to suffice. the story revolves around two concepts: absolution, better known as the sacrament of anointing the sick - the last rights a person can ask for to cleanse one's sins while on the brink of death; and excommunication, the act of cutting a person off from the church. basically, an excommunicated person can't receive absolution. thus comes in the sin eater, and i'll leave it at that. throw in all the dopy things i already listed and you have "the order".i found the sex scene with the priest interlaced with shots of a picture of the virgin mary rather insulting to catholics. it also ends with heath ledger saying (i paraphrase) "i am the redeemer and damner of sins, i live on without love blah blah blah" /cue him walking in dark alley with long trench coat alla "the matrix".i gave this movie a 1 for not only being crappy and unoriginal but also because it managed to insult an entire faith in the process. if you want to see something better i suggest "the prophecy" with christopher walken.

lolita is a rebel and she's going to share to our wide open eyes some little sex stories, between sci-fi and fantasy... well, this surrender cinema production is not very good: very bad acting, horrifying music and a story line without any story and any line. but, the sex scenes are pretty well done, lot of lesbian scenes, and jacqueline lovell, as beautiful as in the exotic house of wax, offer to us a very good final and very hot strip show. for lovell's fans only.

cybil richards directs another full moon/surrender cinema masterpiece of erotica. this time jacqualine lovell (dressed in rather fetching silver outfit) is tasked with destroying all evidence of sexual activity. however she can't resist watching the tapes and she kinda likes them. the sex scenes are well filmed and set to a superb soundtrack (at least for this sort of film). the cast are largely awful and mainly very average looking too. jacqueline lovell is her exceptionally attractive self and between viewing the sex files she manages to expose her chest and fumble a little down below. she also fits in a little lesbian activity. to be honest lovell deserves so much better than this kind of fare. here she looks great naked but actually is much more appealing in her silver attire narrating the 'drama'. utterly rubbish movie with lovell and soundtrack the only real redeeming features. mediocre even for surrender's output and clearly a new budget low for them also.

i watched the movie, and was dismayed to say the least that the movie failed to communicate with me as an audience. the language would put to shame the street loafers.the plot; a father forcing none of his son to marry, seems far-fetched. the idea of a grandmother asking her grand kid to mess up with an enemy would only draw feeble minded's attention....and i was waiting the whole movie for a laugh, and laugh i did on my stupidity to waste 3 hours to convince myself that the movie is not even worth a first look.hope it saves your time!

...and even then, even they can live without seeing it. to be honest, this film (if one deigns to call it that) is of real interest only to bondage freaks. bettie page fans will learn absolutely nothing new (and i do mean *nothing*), nor will they enjoy the warm fuzzies of experiencing anything familiar, loved, or cherished.nevermind the abysmal screenplay, the wooden, less-than-community-theater acting, the utter absence of direction, the crappy lighting, or any of the rest of the bargain basement production values. this is definitely "hey, kids, let's make a movie!" movie-making of the lowest order. i suppose one could be thankful that at least they knew how to run the camera. no, i'm sorry to say that none of that is germane to why this thing is so outright *wrong*.it's wrong because the young lady playing bettie page, a somewhat zaftig girl whose only resemblance to the queen of curves is dark hair and the trademark bangs, utterly fails to bring anything to the role beyond a willingness to be bound and gagged. this is apparently a good thing for her film career before and since this wretched excess, but not for the wretched excess itself, which consists primarily of a number of lovingly re-enacted b&d set-pieces sandwiched between horrendously awful faux-biographical scenes delineating ms. page's fall from grace (so to speak). there's actually probably more information, per se, about page's life in the opening and closing credits than the rest of the movie.do not be fooled. this is not a worthy companion film to "the notorious bettie page." this is not a worthy film at all. this is a fetish piece that trades on the allure of one of the greatest pin-ups of all time, and does it without class, without style, and without any real sense of understanding the character of bettie page whatsoever. no true bettie page fan will find it to be anything but a disappointment, i guarantee that.avoid at all costs. if free, remember that time is money, too. yours may not be worth much, but i'm betting it's worth enough that you'll be sorry you wasted time with this one. that's it, i'm done, you've been warned.

this documentary is a reenactment of the last few years of betty page's(paige richards) career. the tennessee tease was the most recognizable pin-up queen in history. her most memorable work came in the 1950's and was fetish photos, bondage and cat-fight "girly flicks". irving klaw(dukey flyswatter)at his movie star news instructed betty on what to do in front of the camera. there was no nudity in the famous photos or "stag films", but nonetheless, klaw was charged with distributing obscene materials and was ordered to destroy them to avoid prosecution. it is no surprise that betty had a cult following at the height of her career. the girl-next-door with jet black hair, blue eyes and an hour glass figure dressed in fetish gear or not would mesmerize for decades. after all, it has been said that she was photographed more than marilyn monroe and second only to the most photographed image in the world, elvis presley. betty page would disappear and devote her last years to religion. this movie actually could have been a lot better; but good enough to hold interest.miss richards is stunning in her own right. bra, panties, garter belt and hose do not hurt her image in the least. also in the cast: jaimie henkin, jana strain, emily marilyn and julie simone. be advised this movie can change your heart rate.

jenny neumann (from the sexploitation flick mistress of the apes, the american slasher hell night and others) is helen selleck, an american actress who gets a lead role in an australian stage production. she's a virgin because as a little girl she saw her mom having sex and then accidentally caused the car accident that killed her. meanwhile, a black-gloved killer prowls around the theater slashing up people with shards of glass.***major spoiler***the killer is obviously helen (she speaks in her dead mother's voice, washes blood off her hands after the murders and is seen killing a child molester with a broken bottle as a little girl!), but this has gratuitous heavy-breathing pov camera-work and conceals the identity of the murderer until the very end like it's supposed to be some big surprise.the entire cast seems obsessed with talking about, having or trying to have sex, and, in one case, even blackmailing their way into getting laid. there's quite a bit of nudity and blood, but there's no sense of continuity, the photography is murky and the editing (by colin eggleston, who also scripted and produced) is terrible. the theater setting for a slasher film predates soavi's film of the same name and argento's opera (both of which are better than this one ) by five years though, and neumann is pretty hot.

this is a direct sequel to 'the mummy's hand' (1940), because the lead character, stephen banning (played by dick foran) is now thirty years older and is relating the story (with the help of archival footage) to his son's fiancé. there are only two unusual aspects to the film: the early death of banning, and the presence of turhan bey.lon chaney as the mummy kharis gets top billing, though given the nature of his role, he has little more to do than limp along or thrash his arms about. there's nothing scary about his presence, except for his attempt to carry off the fiancé, isobel (elyse knox). dick foran gets second billing, but he's killed off within the first fifteen minutes! we'd have to wait until 'psycho' (1960) when a lead character (janet leigh) dies way before the end of the movie! banning's buddy from the first film, babe jenson (now henson), shows up a little later looking much, much, older and not doing any of the comic shtick he did in the original. it's hard to believe it's the same actor! unfortunately, this great acting job is wasted because he gets killed by kharis after only two brief scenes. it's then left up to banning's son john (played by bit player john hubbard) to led the chase to the cemetery--no! the sheriff leads a torch wielding mob to banning's house to burn it down and kill the mummy. sound universally familiar? turhan bey is introduced to audiences as the new high priest, mehmet bey, to care for and feed tana leaves to kharis. with his 'exotic' voice and appearance, it's too bad he gets so easily killed. a better movie would have had 'babe' take von helsing type charge of things in tracking down the mummy, with a final decisive battle with him and mehmet bay. but instead we have a pedestrian rehash of different set pieces from previous universal horror films, put together by the hack griffin jay who wrote many of universal's other clunkers, although he also did 'don winslow of the navy' (1942) as well as 'don winslow of the coast guard' (1943) which also featured elyse knox.elyse knox played anne howe in six joe palooka movies (1946-1949), and of course, turhan bey, with 43 movie and tv credits, is great in the title role of 'the amazing dr. x' (1948).the cinematography is much darker and more atmospheric (with lots of noirish shadows in the sheriff's office) than the first 'kharis' mummy film, but there's little else of interest or excitement.i'll give it a 3.

the mummy's tomb starts with a review of the events in the mummy's hand and then moves the story forward several years and across the ocean to the united states of america where the current high priest and the mummy kharis set out to wreak havoc and take revenge on those who violated the tomb in the past.while i absolutely loved "the mummy" with boris karloff as the mummy imhotep, and quite liked "the mummy's hand" with tom tyler as kharis (which is the direct prequel to this film), i was not as taken with "the mummy's tomb".it is made in a similar style as the previous film and has a somewhat similar plot albeit in a new setting. lon chaney jr is okay as kharis, but doesn't really stand out. and i guess that's my main criticism of this movie-that nothing really stands out. there's nothing really terrible here, but nothing really outstanding either, so the viewer is left with a rather bland mummy's tale.

1st watched 5/27/2009 - 4 out of 10 (dir - harold young): the 3rd universal mummy movie is about the same as the first two as far as the final result from the viewer's perspective. the story is similar and the results are ho-hum. this time the story's location is the u.s. as the egyptian priest's new follower sends a mummy to our country in hopes he can revive him to kill descendants of those who opened the original tomb. this time the mummy is played by lon chaney(which doesn't make much of a difference because he's really not asked to do much acting for this character). the new priest becomes a morgue-keeper in the town and sends the mummy out to do his dirty deeds after feeding him the tanna leaf juice. again, a girl gets in the way, as the priest falls for one of the descendent's fiancé and wants her, yes--- to be immortal with him(haven't we heard this before?). the plan is, of course, thwarted as the townsfolk hunt down the mummy with torches(similar to the frankenstein monster) and the burning of the creature ends the story...how do they get a sequel?? i guess you'll find out with the next one in the series ?? or not.....

nothing will ruin a movie as much as the combination of a poor script and poor direction. this is the case with "the mummy's tomb."the script is leftover ideas from older, better universal horror flicks like "dracula" and "frankenstein." the direction is trite and stale. the acting is mediocre. even chaney's kharis is feeble compared to tom tyler's in "the mummy's hand," and the producers are foolish enough to add footage from christy cabanne's vastly better prequel and point up the weakness of their own film!universal realized how bad this movie was, and essentially remade it from scratch two years later as "the mummy's ghost" with a much better script and better director. the result was likely the best film in their four film "mummy" cycle, although not anywhere near as good as karl freund's 1932 original.cabanne's footage raises this film to a 3. the "new" stuff is a 2 at best. dick foran and wallace ford were probably glad to see their characters bumped off so they wouldn't have to appear in dreck like this anymore!

cheap, mediocre sequel to the successful "the mummy's hand" has presumably dead evil professor andoheb(george zucco)preparing his predecessor mehemet bey(turhan bey)for the quest of revenge overseas to america using mummy kharis(lon chaney, jr who has no reason being in the disguise..any stunt man could do the same credible work lumbering around and choking victims)in the goal of killing the surviving members of the banning family whose patriarch stephen(dick foran)and assistant babe hanson(wallace ford)retrieved the mummified corpse of princess ananka from her tomb in egypt..andoheb considers this an outlandish act of desecration and wants the family to suffer for doing such an awful deed towards an ancient egyptian custom. bey and the mummy kharis find a nice hideaway in a cemetery where the high priest of karnak can work as a caretaker in disguise. every full moon, bey will feed kharis a form of liquid derived of several tana leaves which will keep him not only alive but subservient to his master's wishes. bey commands kharis to kill stephen and his sister jane(mary gordon), while also biding time for babe to return so that he will become victim # 3. dr. john banning(john hubbard)plans to wed isobel(elyse knox), but doesn't know that bey secretly covets his fiancé making plans to kidnap her with kharis' help. john's life is in danger because of his father..he's also the last remaining member of the banning line. if bey has isobel, there's no chance of any more bannings being born. the police must find kharis and the one responsible for his carnage..bey.this film is a continuation from hand set years later as members of that film, foran, ford & zucco all appear in "aging" make-up providing wrinkles showing the gaps in time as andoheb has been preparing for the deaths of the bannings. the cornball romance of john and isobel seems merely in this plot so that bey will screw up endangering his perfect plan which was being carried out successfully before he loused it up. and, bey merely sees her frolicking with john on the grass..the whole "love-at-first-sight" rubbish really didn't wash for me. plus you have the mummy being able to kill people with one arm..is any mummy really that powerful? this film also uses a ton of footage from the previous film to save budget on this sequel to it. there really isn't that much story here and yes, typical of universal monster pictures, even in america a mob of people will light..ho hum..torches going after kharis. you know how it'll end..john and the super-powerful kharis will square off in some huge mansion with fire burning all around them with the evil one being engulfed in flame.

a resurrected wrapped monster goes on a murdering binge. a lunatic is seeking revenge against living members of a previous expedition. universal seems to be running out of wrapping as well as new ideas. most of the budget was probably spent on lon chaney jr. to star as kharis, the mummy.other players are george zucco, wallace ford, turhan bey, dick foran and elyse knox.how much longer can this madness continue?

william s. hart (as jim treen), the most eligible bachelor in canyon city, is finally getting hitched, to pretty blonde waitress leona hutton (as molly stewart). his fiancée doesn't know it, but mr. hart is secretly the western town's "most wanted" bandit. however, hart is planning to go straight, due to his marriage plans. unfortunately, ms. hutton discovers hart's secret stash, whilst cleaning up his untidy cabin; so, she calls off the wedding. next, hutton succumbs to the charms of mining swindler frank borzage (as w. sloane carey).serviceable entertainment from superstar hart; he was ranked no less than #1 at the box office, by quigley publications, for the years 1915 and 1916 (ahead of mary pickford). the principles perform capably. later on, frank borzage was quite a director; and leona hutton, a suicide... **** a knight of the trails (8/20/15) william s. hart ~ william s. hart, leona hutton, frank borzage

this is a very bad western mainly because it is historically inaccurate. it looks as if it were shot on a back lot in california instead of where jack slade lived and died, idaho, colorado territories, and montana. it fictionalizes everything that is known about this mysterious 'bad man,' 'good man.' the script is horrible; there is very little direction, and lousy acting. dorothy malone is completely wasted as his wife. mark steven never seems to know how to portray this mysterious jack slade. in real life, jack slade was a very good stage line superintendent. he was feared by his local townsmen for his hard drinking. when drunk he would start fights and cause other problems in virginia city, montana. to insure that he could never terrorize them again, vigilantes lynched jack slade after he ignored their warning to leave town immediately. this is a horrible movie. i can not recommend anyone to watch this movie other than to see how hollywood butches history at will, even to this day.

back (again) in scotland, lassie is (again) on trial for her life. because the faithful dog sleeps on her master's grave, she must be put to death, according to law. oddly, it is also explained that lassie had no "legal" owner, which is, apparently, also against an old scottish law. if, after three days, no owner is located, dogs must be destroyed. edmund gwenn (as john traill) pleads lassie's case, which leads to an extended flashback, showing lassie's adoption by donald crisp (as john "jock" gray).although it's based on an interesting, original story ("greyfriars bobby"), "challenge to lassie" revisits several earlier lassie situations; and, it does not improve upon them. comparatively speaking, this one is sloppy and unexciting; and, it's a disappointing follow-up to "the sun comes up" (1949) *******. geraldine brooks (as susan brown) and several of the other performers may be charming, but can't elevate this one. little jimmy hawkins (from "it's a wonderful life") is among the notable children supporting lassie; much later, he will grow up to marry "dark shadows"' bewitching "angelique" (lara parker).

the perfectly stupid weapon. i think the guys dancing at the beginning of one of steven segal's movies was intented to mock jeff doing his forms to dance music at the beginning of this stupid movie. the plot is predictable, the fights were fair and jeff acts about as well as the sofa he beats with some sort of weapon in one scene.

get your brewskies out and enjoy this flawed action flick. speakman's considerable kempo skill (nice spin kicks, decent with the sticks - poor couch!) is the only redeeming quality of a movie that just cries bad acting. the plot isn't half bad; just executed pretty poorly. but if you're seeing this movie for anything other than martial arts, you're missing the boat entirely. and for a movie that is supposed to take place in koreatown, way way too few korean actors (even extras).

bad plot (though good for a b-movie), good fast-paced fight scenes, at most a 5 out of 10. but something has always bothered me about this film: how come mariska hargitay never speaks? in the tv version, she shares several intimate moments with jeff speakman, even a kiss in a garden. yet in the regular (video) version, most of her scenes are cut and she never speaks at all. this bothers me because it not only takes out a female (though cliched) point-of-view to the film, it also makes the final shot seem creepy. this film would have been better had they kept her scenes in, because in those scenes at least she has a personality, one that undercuts whatever speakman says.

a shame that even a talented director, desplechin, could not muster a decent performance out of a bleakly-talented actress, phoenix, esther kahn lacks the substance to convey a very concise and clear plot. in an attempt to fulfill the concentric circle of an actor's plight, the performance and presentation is too contrived and poorly executed to draw any compassion from the viewer. in an overly long running time, the redundancy of esther's struggle is too melodramatic to be effective and reduces the storyline into a frail frame of a disastrous display. the content is incoherent and gratuitous as phoenix struggles to carry out desplechin's instruction, just as esther is supposedly trying to do the same. never feeling a convincing victory over esther's pain, we never feel a victory in phoenix's talent.

first of all, yes, animals have emotions. if you didn't know that already, then i believe you are a moron. but let's assume that none of us are morons. we all know that animals have emotions, and we now want to see how these emotions are manifest in nature, correct?what we get instead is a tedious and ridiculously simplistic documentary that attempts to show how animals are "human". the filmmakers search high & low for footage of animals engaged in human-like behaviour, and when it happens they say, "that monkey is almost human!" (that's actually a direct quote).everything is in human terms. they waste time theorizing about what makes dogs "smile", but not once do they mention what a wagging tail means. the arrogance of these researchers is disgusting. they even go so far as to show chimpanzees dressed in human clothing and wearing a cowboy hat.i had been expecting an insightful documentary of animals on their own terms. i wanted to learn how animals emote in their own languages. but instead, researchers keep falling back on pedantic, anthropomorphic observations and assumptions. add a cheezy soundtrack and images of chimps "celebrating christmas", and this was enough to turn my stomach.but it doesn't end there. half of this documentary is filmed not in the wild but in laboratories and experimental facilities. all the camera shots of chimps are through steel bars, and we see how these monkeys are crowded together in their sterile concrete cages. one particularly sobering moment happens near the beginning (though you have to be quick to notice it) where a captive monkey says in sign language, "want out. hurry go."obscure references are made to "stress tests" and psychological experiments which i shudder to imagine. baby monkeys are separated from their mothers at birth and are given wireframe dolls in order to prove that baby monkeys crave a "mother figure". and after 40 years of experiments, the smug researchers pat themselves on the back for reaching their brilliant conclusion: monkeys have emotions.one chimp named "washoe" has been in a concrete cage since 1966 for that purpose, and to this day she remains thus. we get a brief glimpse (again through bars) of her leaning against a concrete wall with a rather lackluster expression. personally, i don't need to see any further experimental data. washoe, i apologize for our entire species.

i vaguely remember ben from my sci-fi fandom days of the '60s, i was doing several interviews & bios of obscure actors/actresses, most notably ben, actress fay spain, and jody fair, who played angela in 1961's the young savages. ben was one of the people at a low-key sci-fi con in chicago, about 1970, when i had a nice chat with him and his "career" and life. all these were published in some now-long-forgotten fanzine of the day. wish i still had copies of those interviews, but time marches on, and any of those people surely wouldn't' remember me at all so many years later. ben was a really nice fellow, ekeing out a living (the cons of those days didn't even pay their guest, unless, of course they were big-name stars, and even then the pay was a couple hundred dollars, at most! good to know ben's still alive & kicking! how 'bout a remake of creature, but 50 years older! ugly then, uglier now!

this movie deserves credit for its original approach. it combines elements of theater, film, and epic storytelling. unfortunately, it falls flat on all levels. the films biggest weakness is it's unwillingness to commit to anything; it has camp, moralistic, and epic elements without ever committing to any of them. as for the story itself, chretien de troyes is spinning in his grave at this horrible adaptation which turns the lovable, unbearably innocent percival into a most ungallant and rude churl.most likely two types of people will see this, francophiles or arthuriophiles. speaking as one of the latter, i found the movie unwatchable and an incredibly shabby, disrespectful treatment of a beautiful story.

and it doesn't help rohmer's case that a few years later syberberg came along and made a staggeringly great piece of work on the same subject (with a little help from wagner).maybe this movie didn't look so paltry when it came out, without the syberberg film to compare it to, which was probably shot on an even smaller sound stage with fewer resources. i actually can't recall at the moment whether there are horses in the syberberg film. all i know is, the german version is pure magic, while this one looks like some college production documented on film for archival purposes.the music... la musique... isn't even credited here on imdb... but someone based it on 'airs from the 12th-14th centuries" or something... well it isn't a great help to the film. it comes off as inauthentic and cheesy, comme le frommage mon cher!!!rohmer is one of those french auteurs who likes his leading men generally quite unattractive, too, and that doesn't help matters. syberberg's parsifal was adorable, and can be seen on german television today selling some kind of special bicycle he invented. .. .i shudder to think what watching the syberberg on video is like. i remember that the last time i saw the film in a theater, the print was so bad that the experience was a whopping 5 hour travesty. but even then it would have to surpass what this version has to offer, i'm afraid.points for earnestness, for chutzpah, but... this film simply needed beau-coup more bucks. it doesn't look like a medieval manuscript it looks cheapo! bon marche!! oh and yeah, it just ends very arbitrarily with parsifal going to church and this cheesy passion play being interjected... blah!

this movie is probably the worst i have seen. bad acting, bad script, bad everything. comparing it to mainly two other movies in the same genre and from approximately the same time is interesting. both cyborg (van damme, 1989) and nemesis (olivier gruner, 1993) are much better and seems more robust in both story and directing and still it's albert pyun who has directed these two as well!the story is not original. the world has become a terrible place, possibly due to an environmental disaster or a nuclear war, and people live under medieval circumstances. a special breed of robots (cyborgs) live on human blood and there's the story... the cyborgs need to get a lot of humans to fulfill there "prophecy" and the humans need someone to stop them. one girl together with a robot (kris kristofferson) built by the creator of the cyborgs has been appointed by destiny to save mankind.in this movie the director tries some hong-kong stylish fighting scenes with the participants flying high and leaping far. the movie fails miserably in this attempt.i recommend this film with the only reason that most people will get a new "worst ever" movie to relate to. and to fans of the genre i recommend "cyborg" since i think it's a very underestimated movie with quite a high entertaining factor. and if you can't stand van damme then check out "nemesis".i rated this movie 1/10.

still a sucker for pyun's esthetic sense, i liked this movie, though the "unfinished" ending was a let-down. as usual, pyun develops a warped sense of humour and kathy long's fights are extremely impressive. beautifully photographed, this has the feel it was done for the big screen.

knights was just a beginning of a series, a pilot, one might say. the plot (i really shouldn't call it that, there wasn't any plot) wasn't logical at all and there were many mistakes, like [warning, i'm summarizing the plot]:in the beginning of the movie someone said that there was only a couple of those cyborgs (the bad guys) but after the climax, nea found out that there were many many more left of them. and it was told that cyborgs were hard to kill, but after a month's training, nea could kill them with a single blow.the movie was just pure kicking. i wasn't surprised at all, when i found out that the leading star was a kick boxer.there was one positive thing in the whole movie: it really gave a great deal of laughter when watching it and talking about it with my friends. i recommend watching it, if you are in need of laughter.

this move is about as bad as they come. i was, however forced to give it a 2 for the scenery. there are many great shots of the southwest including many in monument valley, one of the most breathtaking places in the us. it is also, starting with john ford, one of the most filmed. in fact one scene with kris and the girl was filmed on a place called john ford point.

once in a while you get amazed over how bad a film can be, and how in the world anybody could raise money to make this kind of crap. there is absolutely no talent included in this film - from a crappy script, to a crappy story to crappy acting. amazing...

vampire cyborgs rule the world and use the blood of humans as fuel, however there is going to be a shift of power thanks to a renegade android (kris kristofferson) and a warrior woman (kathly long) as they face off against lance henriksen and gary daniels (who play the cyborgs in this ridiculous movie) of all the questions left unanswered by this dreadful movie, the most poignant is who's idea was it to cast country singer kris kristofferson as a cyborg warrior who is able to give as good as he gets. no, don't get me wrong i could see kristofferson as a vigilante or something but not as a cyborg. strangely one suspects that this was written for dolph lundgren, however lundgren must have had the wisdom to not do it. however despite the disastrous casting, kristofferson is easily the most enjoyable thing about the movie. he gives a performance far more human then the inexpressive kathy long. (and kristofferson is playing a robot) despite the miscasting, kristofferson provides the few moments of interest. lance henriksen is slumming and gary daniels is wasted but basically knights is baffling failure. you stand back in horror wondering who the hell thought that this was even a good idea on paper. (this is a movie where a dismembered kristofferson is fighting robots in a backpack) worst of all it ends in a what if sequel, thankfully this has yet to materialize although i still have nightmares at the proposition of the likelihood of such an event.* out of 4-(bad)

the point of the vastly extended preparatory phase of this star is born story seems to be to make ultimate success all the more sublime. summer phoenix is very effective as an inarticulate young woman imprisoned within herself but never convincing as the stage actress of growing fame who both overcomes and profits from this detachment. even in the lengthy scenes of esther's acting lessons, we never see her carry out the teacher's instructions. after suffering through esther's (largely self-inflicted) pain in excruciating detail, we are given no persuasive sense of her triumph.the obsessive presence of the heroine's pain seems to be meant as a guarantee of aesthetic transcendence. yet the causes of this pain (poverty, quasi-autism, judaism, sexual betrayal) never come together in a coherent whole. a 163-minute film with a simple plot should be able to knit up its loose ends. esther kahn is still not ready to go before an audience.

i have seen romantic comedies and this is one of the easiest/worst attempts at one. a lot of the scenes work in a plug-and-play manner inserted strictly to conform to the romantic-comedy genre. usually this is okay because we're dealing with a genre, but the challenge generally resides in making it original, new and inventive. this movie fails to do so.there is no sense of who the characters really are, apart from sylvie moreau's (who is the real star of this movie, not isabelle blais). they fit into this one-dimensional cliché and they become nothing more than simple puppets serving the purpose of a very light narrative.the pacing of the movie can become annoying, rhythm lacks, and the editing is filled with unnecessary close-ups. i should also mention the overly stylized decors making some scenes devoid of any naturally, or rather, making the attempt at naturally seem too obvious. of course, along with that, you have the right-on-cue sappy music which unfortunately often sounds mismatched.i can't believe that a movie who makes obvious woody allen allusions ends up being this deceptive. if you expect a good light-hearted romantic comedy, this is not it. or rather, this a poor attempt at it. you will only leave the theater wondering why this film has been getting such praise when cinema is now more than 100 years old and there are far superior quebecois directors making better flicks.les aimants is a good movie for what it is. but it's a bad one if you regard cinema as an art and directors as auteur's.

as a dane i'm proud of the handful of good danish movies that have been produced in recent years. it's a terrible shame, however, that this surge in quality has led the majority of danish movie critics to lose their sense of criticism. in fact, it has become so bad that i no longer trust any reviews of danish movies, and as a result i have stopped watching them in theaters.i know it's wrong to hold this unfortunate development against any one movie, so let me stress that "villa paranoia" would be a terrible film under any circumstances. the fact that it was hyped by the critics just added fuel to my bonfire of disillusionment with danish film. furthermore, waiting until it came out on dvd was very little help against the unshakable feeling of having wasted time and money. erik clausen is an accomplished director with a knack for social realism in copenhagen settings. i particularly enjoyed "de frigjorte" (1993). as an actor he is usually funny, though he generally plays the same role in all of his movies, namely that of a working-class slob who's down on his luck, partly because he's a slob but mostly because of society, and who redeems himself by doing something good for his community. this is problem number one in "villa paranoia"; clausen casts himself as a chicken farmer, which is such a break from the norm that he never succeeds in making it credible. it is much worse, however, that the film has to make twists and turns and break all rules of how to tell a story to make the audience understand what is going on. for instance, the movie opens with a very sad attempt at visualizing the near-death experience of the main character with the use of low-budget effects and bad camera work. after that, the character tells her best friend that she suddenly felt the urge to throw herself off a bridge. this is symptomatic of the whole movie; there is little or no motivation for the actions of the characters, and clausen resorts to the lowest form of communicating whatever motivation there is: telling instead of showing. thus, at one point, you have a character talking out loud to a purportedly catatonic person about the way he feels, because the script wouldn't allow him to act out his feelings; and later on, voice-over is abruptly introduced, quite possibly as an afterthought, to convey feelings that would otherwise remain unknown to the audience due to the director's ineptitude. fortunately, at this point you're roughly an hour past caring about any of the characters, let alone the so-called story.the acting, which has frequently been a problem in clausen's movies, can be summed up in one sad statement: søren westerberg bentsen, whose only other claim to stardom was as a contestant on big brother, is no worse than several of the heralded actors in the cast.i give this a 2-out-of-10 rating.

i haven't read a biography of lincoln, so maybe this was an accurate portrayal......and maybe it's because i'm used to the equally alienating and unrealistic worshiping portrayals that unnaturally deify lincoln as brilliant, honorable, and the savior of our country......but why would they make a movie representing lincoln as a buffoon? while henry fonda made an excellent lincoln, his portrayal of him as an "aw shucks, i'm just a simple guy" seemed a little insulting.[granted, that was bushie jr.'s whole campaign, to make us think he was "just a regular guy" so we wouldn't care that he's a rich & privileged moron -- but that's a whole other story.]not only did the film show lincoln as sort of a simple (almost simple-minded) kind of guy , the film states that lincoln just sort of got into law by accident, and that he wasn't even that interested in the law - only with the falsely simplistic idea of the law being about rights & wrongs. in the film he's not a very good defense attorney (he lounges around with his feet on the table and makes fun of the witnesses), and the outcome is mostly determined by chance/luck.furthermore, partly because this was financed by republicans (in reaction to some play sponsored by democrats that had come out) and partly because it was just the sentiment of the times, the film is unfortunately religious, racist and conservative.don't waste your time on this film!

every movie from the thirties is dated, but if you were to watch only john ford movies it would seem more dated than if you watched others. i.e. grand hotel is comparatively modern melodrama. with ford, there's always the hard-sell of someone's nobility (abe, the joads). always the over-emphasis of some heavy's badness. always the poorly crafted, awkward and obvious scripts. this is no exception. it's just a rather belabored device to deliver sentiment. and sentiment is all this has going for it.what ford does here doesn't make me appreciative of lincoln, it just makes me wonder how the states were ever settled by the population of complete morons depicted here. ford went on to make decent movies. this is too dated to be anything but bad. it feels entirely false. henry fonda with a fake nose is bizarre. and no one from illinois would pronounce the trailing 's,' or say "shonuff!"

i tried twice to get through this film, succeeding the first time - and it was like pulling teeth - and failing the second time despite a great dvd transfer. the problem? it's simply too boring.if you can get to the dramatic courtroom scene, which takes up most of the second half of the film, you have it made, but it's tough getting to that point. there are some interesting talks by "abraham lincoln" (henry fonda) during the trial. the ending is touching as lincoln walks off and they superimpose his memoral statue over the screen.it's a nice story, well-acted and such....but it lacks spark in the first half and discourages the viewer from hanging in there. i suspect the real abe lincoln was a lot more interesting than this film.

this was a complete disappointment. the acting isn't bad, but the production was just so bad that at times i felt i needed to stop it, but i sadly made it through and was able to finish it a bit embarrassed by the whole poor movie. it is o.k. if you are o.k. with cheesy moral plots and don't mind watching a movie that vastly misconstrues whitman. if you want a cheesy fictional story go for it.

when i first watched robotboy, i found it fresh and interesting, but then i noticed, that with each episode this show is trying to teach you how to behave yourself, what is good/bad. episodes became predictable. and main characters are not interesting. again we see a hyper-smart boy, beaten by his older brother, parents who don't understand their kid, and his friends: girl and fat boy. also this show has no logic. a super-modern robot who works on two aa-size batteries, and can use a lot of weapons. but the biggest problem is the difference between activated and super-activated modes. we see two different robots, and it declines main idea of the show: "robot must learn how to behave himself in human society"

now, i like sci-fi cartoons. however, when "robotboy" appeared in canada in late 2006, i watched the premiere and was inevitably appalled. the characters are generic and stereotypical (do they really need to make an african-american man wear tiger-stripe print clothing and speak in a jamacian accent? why are all the asian characters vibrant yellow and squinting? does the mother have to have big thighs and chest and constantly complain?) to the point where things become unrealistic, predictable, gross and sometimes disturbing. there are heavy similarities to, even stabs, at astro boy. allow me to explain (dub names for the young): robotboy/astro, kamikaze/tenma, constantine/shadow, gus/abercrombie, tommy/alejo, lola/zoran+kennedy, moshimo/o'shay, and it so on. brief resemblances to "my life as a teenage robot", "star wars", "teenage mutant ninja turtles", "kamen riders", "sailor moon" and co. are afoot. not to mention the abundant racial/gender stereotyping. don't even get me started on the innuendos. i'll just say they're hidden and quite dirty. but seriously. don't even try watching this. especially if you like astro boy.

anyone notice that tommy only has 3 facial expressions.1. the angry eyes look he gives every enemy. 2. the holding of the hands to face, mouth agape and frightened eyes. 3. the smiling tommy turnbull.i have to say that i pretty much hate this show, i don't watch it but it's like code lyoko, we've all watched at least one, i must say that this show is borderline racist, uninteresting and pointless.every episode ends with robotboy winning, except for one exception when robotboy basically let this overly geeky freakazoid fly away on a jetpack.the jokes are pretty crude too, i think it's mostly people saying the word "suck" or farting, i think the bullies of the show are quite shocking too.isn't there one that hides a bowling ball under his hate, and the other uses a chain, for god sake, what kind of school is he going to. not to mention his older brother, who is borderline psychopathic and has no other character qualities.the whole show i feel is ripping off megas xlr and fosters. like you could say the trio of coop, jamie and kiva, as well as robotboy being similar to megas where he beats everyone no matter what the odds and he's free spirited despite being a robot.there is simply no appeal to this show, i'm surprised that it's still running.

this is a truly awful "b" movie. it is witless and often embarrassing. the plot, the basic "making into show business" routine, is almost nonexistent. in fact, the film is merely an excuse to push the war effort and highlight some popular music groups of 1942, including the mills brothers, count basie, duke ellington, bob crosby, and freddy slack. each group gets about the standard three minutes, the exception being the mills brothers, who for some reason warranted two numbers. ann miller doesn't get to dance until the last couple of minutes of the film, and she has little to do but strut her stuff amid a barrage of patriotic propaganda.the most interesting moment in the film, in my view, occurred in the duke ellington segment. the band appears to be playing in a train, standing in awkward positions. (in the deep south at the time, the band was segregated in railroad cars when traveling.) johnny hodges is seen next to duke, and harry carney may also be identified. in the last moments of the film, trumpeter/violinist ray nance rushes down the aisle to the camera and does an "uncle tom," bugging his eyes and wiggling his head the way willy best did in many films. for modern viewers, especially jazz fans, this homage to segregation is sad indeed. some movies go best unseen.

from around the time europe began fighting world war ii, until the war's end, hollywood (with significant prodding from the government) made tons of movies which were designed to try and get young men to enlist in the army, by making the life of a serviceman appear "cool." this is by far the sloppiest, implying that the life of a soldier is devoid of work, you get the best food, and you get to lie around all day listening to ann miller on the radio. i am far too young to have participated in wwii, but i think that there was more to it than that. there is the barest cat's whisker of a plot, and a bunch of musical numbers featuring some of the day's leading acts.i think that by 1943, even the most naive of civvies knew that there was more going on overseas than the wacky hijinks portrayed in this movie. while i am sure that it was meant to be viewed as escapist entertainment, i can't help but wonder if the family and loved ones of men fighting in the war, were amused or repulsed by this trivialization of their loved ones' sacrifice.

before i start, let me say that my experience of this movie might have been influenced by the dubbing, which i gather from other comments was the original one which is considered inferior by some. so, it is entirely possible that subtitles or the apparently new dvd version would make a difference. i have also not read the corresponding book; i'm only familiar with one other japanese manga and might be lacking cultural context.potential minor spoilers ahead.i usually like darkly tinged science fiction stories (the likes of blade runner, 12 monkeys, etc.), but i did not enjoy this movie at all. while it started out mildly intriguing, it became tedious by the time it was only half-way finished. there are all sorts of problems; let's start with what is probably the most severe: the dialogue. the characters seem unable to formulate complete sentences; if they aren't shouting each other's names for the n-th time, they are usually grunting monosyllables ("kanedaaa!", "tetsuoooo!", "huh?", "grrr", etc.). this leaves most of the characters entirely underdeveloped and two-dimensional. it doesn't help in the least that a lot of them get only a few minutes of screen time without anything interesting to say that would develop them away from the stereotypes suggested by the visuals.the grunting is augmented by some random pseudo-philosophical technobabble that sounds vague and uninspired even by star trek standards. there is nothing deep and meaningful here - it all seems haphazard, thrown together at random from various bits and pieces of stock sci-fi ideas with no coherency whatsoever.what little there is of an intelligible plot is no more than an excuse to begin the overlong final sequence which consists of escalating scenes of mayhem and destruction. not that there's anything wrong with a nice bit of mayhem and destruction, of course; but in this case you'll find yourself asking "what's the point of it all, and how long until it's over". character development in the last 30 minutes or so consists of little more than tetsuo turning into pizza the hutt for no readily apparent reason.the ending resembles the one in 2001 - a bizarre string of images that, far from resolving or explaining anything, leave the viewer feeling he's just been looking into a kaleidoscope for two hours. i'm sure some will claim that this sort of thing is art; but to me it was just a lot of admittedly imaginative use of colour and shapes. (some of the music was also quite interesting). unfortunately it's all style and no substance.tired of disney? want to watch animated movies dealing intelligently with "adult" themes? i'm sad to say you're more likely to find that sort of thing in "south park".

one of those thank-god-i-don't-live-there documentaries. this one tells of two warring factions in colombia, guerrillas and paramilitaries, and the surrounding peoples of medellin.guns, drugs and death run rampant. the guys, no older than 22, not in the middle of fighting a war are in jail. the girls – not women, girls – always react the same way when one of them is killed, with tears and screaming. you scratch your head; what did they expect, really? i don't know what's more disturbing: the nightly shoot-outs and civil unrest, or that everybody just seems to passively accept things as are. or, seeing that boy drinking what is obviously not his first beer, being all of what, 10? if you were to take these any of these young men out of their situation and put them some place where they had the opportunity to do more, be more, how many would choose not to stay?based on this documentary, all, i'm afraid.

medellin is a fabulous place to live, work, and study. i've been there twice, and never did i hear anything about guerrilla activities, paramilitaries taking tourists hostage, or anything of the sort. there are "invisible police," but it is *not* a big brother system. there are just enough police so that they are visible in everyday life, but they do not hassle someone without good reasons.la sierra is an interesting documentary in that the youths it depicts in the movie essentially become its characters. the directors of the movie carefully carve out plot lines among the daily actions of the inhabitants of la sierra, and when a "character" dies, there is genuine pathos. it is difficult to imagine, however, that the three youths are all members of the bloque metro, a gang that used to terrorize la sierra before the colombian government began to restructure the country.la sierra is not an accurate depiction of life in colombia; there are, of course, things to be wary of such as petty crime, but when one considers pickpocketing happens in "modern" cities such as london, new york, or tokyo, colombia doesn't seem that different after all. colombians are eagerly awaiting their chance to show to the world that the once war-torn country is now prospering more than ever.

this story is about the romantic triangle between a nth. african male prostitute, a french transsexual prostitute (stephanie) and a russian waiter who speaks no french and never seems to shave.as a film it is dull, dreary and depressing, shot either on foggy, overcast winter days or in badly lit interiors, where everyone is bathed in a weird blue luminescence. and yes, i know, it's because the white balance was out. everyone is pale and downcast and looks haggard, shabby and dirty. bodies are bony and shot in such closeup that they look quite ugly and unappealing. moles, greasy hair. yuk. bad news in a film where people spend a lot of time either naked or having sex.and the story? well, stephanie's mother is dying. all three characters go back to stephanie's home village where, through a bunch of flashbacks to desolate countryside and predictably dingy interiors, we see a bit of stephanie's childhood as a boy called pierre. the mother dies. well... and that's about it, really. character development is kept to a minimum, as is the denouement of the story. i suppose the storyline is not linear (it would explain a lot of non sequiteurs) but really, after paying my seven euros i don't feel like having to construct the film myself: that's what the director takes my money for. to expect me to join the story telling process and get my hands dirty, so to speak, is asking way too much.this film is a heap of pretentious rubbish made, above all, from a desire to epater les bourgeois (ie shock the straights). i can see how it was a shoo-in for the berlin film festival, and i can see why it got nowhere.

if you like films that ramble with little plot exposition spiced with kinky sex, this film is for you. on the plus side the lead actor/actress (newcomer transsexual) does have an interesting screen presence, but not enough to add up to much more than a mildly interesting movie - if that. essentially this film is about 3 social outcasts (transexual prostitute, male hustler, and russian,gay immigrant) who somehow have developed a bond. why is not clear. we are expected to accept these misfits are at the core basic honest people who have the ability to love while they hustle their bodies on the street. right!! and anna nicole smith was truly in love with her ninety something sugar daddy! the filmmaker shows a gritty, unpleasant side of life while wanting us to believe underneath it all these seriously damaged people are really quite normal to the extent they have a menage a trois which helps them through life. quite a fantasy, but unfortunately portrayed here as real look of life on the wild side. in sum, no plot, no truth and no real reason to spend much time here. unless of course you just like to revel in the kink!!!

please note that i haven't seen the film since i discovered it in 2007, and my town is smaller and doesn't carry it. however, i really want to say something about it. i'm actually doing research for university on the title character richard maurice bucke and would like to point out that the person they based the main character on was in reality completely different!!! hollywood's ideas of people and artistic license granted, the real dr. bucke totally endorsed hysterectomies to cure insanity in women, and would never have practiced anything as liberal as represented in the film. i think it's laughable to see various film critics who write for legitimate newspapers who say this film has some historical basis! the only actual fact i can see is the friendship between dr. bucke and walt whitman. please don't waste your time on a film with such a disregard to the horror that real women experienced at the hands of this doctor who has now been glorified by the film industry.

this isn't a movie. it is a collection of unrelated, ill-conceived and poorly assembled scenes that look like the unedited results of a dim 10 year old with a mini-dv camera. in fact, i have a theory that the extremely abrasive girl in the train corridor - the one with the greasy hair, dead-pan stare, ipod and nervous tic - probably shot it herself in a creative phase.if you made it further than the ten minutes i did, don't bother trying to fit what you saw into the context of the european artiste mentality praised above. this is a true and complete waste of time, money and film that would have made william one-shot beaudine cringe.the unfortunate part is that the endless series of vacuum-packed characters is representative of what now passes for much of humanity.what's next? six directors shooting social intercourse at the wal-mart snack counter?

when i first started watching this movie i was looking for some kind of subtle metaphors but it soon dawned on me that this movie was indeed about people on a train. the interactions between people are like those you can see any day on the street and when in occasion there is a slightly more interesting situation the dialogue becomes stilted and boring. its not that i don't get how this film is trying to portray the way people interact, it's just that in this film they are very boring. if you want to see and analyse these kinds of relationships you'd be best to actually go out and buy a train ticket and look at the people on the train with you. it is realistic but you wouldn't go to a movie to watch a film about you sitting there watching the movie.

for years i remember reading about this show "trouble with tracy" in the tv guide. cfto-tv toronto every saturday morning at 6 am! i lived about a two-hour drive north of toronto and we couldn't get cfto, but you know how it is - we always want what we can't have.well, i knew what i wanted and what i wanted was to see what this "trouble with tracy" was all about. did it have a beautiful girl in the starring role? was there nudity? was there suspense? was it a comedy? it would've been fine if there was some promotion of the show. at least i could've known what i was missing. but, no! the mystery drove me bonkers, until ctv affiliate ckco built a re-transmitter in wiarton, ontario and began to broadcast "trouble with tracy" at the same time as cfto....saturday mornings at 6 am!! one saturday morning i got up and turned the tv on at 5:59 and at last i got to see what "the trouble with tracy" was. yes, the "trouble with tracy" was that it was canadian content and stuck in the harmless 6 am spot so no one would ever see how awful it was.talented canadian actor steve weston died a few years afterward, but many would argue he effectively "died" the first time he appeared on this show. when i saw it for the first time that cold saturday morning and fell despondent back into my bed, part of me died, too.

wow, i can't believe people consider this a 'good' movie. now, i have seen much worse, but there are much more romantic/funny comedies with john cusack.this is a mediocre film at best. while the acting wasn't terrible, but not great, for a romantic comedy, there was little passion, little romance. there were many loose ends that don't show up or are not addressed. unfortunately, the main characters do come off as complete cowards. they don't know themselves well enough to realize that they don't love the people they are engaged to. how do we know they aren't in love? by the utter lack of remorse both characters have for leaving their finances. i can think of few things more romantic than the continual escape from commitment that these two show.the movie doesn't even end with a wedding scene, more than likely both will get cold feet and drop each other like hot potatoes once a commitment is nearing. this movie is really about two people who can't commit to anything, unlike cusack's previous characters, who were more than willing to make a deep commitment (loyd in say anything, martin in grosse pointe blank, etc.).the greatest failure of this movie was the complete lack of any twists turns, or anything of interest. when the movie ended, i felt like they had failed to include a climax to the story, which basically fits the whole movie: boring. no suspense about whether the two will end up together, no joy when they do, no consequences to their actions.it is sad that people are so blind to the shoddiness of this movie, that they simply rebuke any criticism with 'everyone is too cynical!'. criticism of this movie is not cynicism, simply unbiased examination. there are many other better romantic comedies, even ones with grace kelly, or eva marie saint.if you think this movie is great, try these movies, you hearts will explode: the princess bride, say anything, grosse pointe blank, high fidelity, keeping the faith, charade, rear window, north by northwest, or there's something about mary (which is a good examination of idealized romance vs. today's society).

oh, for crying out loud, this has got to be the lamest movie i've seen all year, and i'm sorry the normally awesome john cusack was even involved in this brainless, twitty piece of stupidity. where sleepless in seattle delivered what amounts to be the same message, albeit on a more subtle, somewhat more mature level, serendipity delivers it with a sledgehammer, and then proceeds to pound it into your psyche for the next tedious hour and a half or so (and that's an hour and a half of my life i'll never get back again, thank you very much!!). it's bad enough the main characters of this movie have the emotional maturity level of fourteen-year-olds (actually i've known better fourteen-year-olds...), except maybe for jeremy piven, who was enjoyable enough. just the first 15 minutes or so of the movie where kate beckinsale's character plays that annoying silliness of a game about throwing all sensibility to the wind (literally) had my best friend and i irritated beyond belief. i told my husband rockstar had more intelligence, and at least, the characters in rockstar weren't half as dysfunctional as the idiots were in this "serendipitous" mess. it's annoying to watch protagonists who seem to have no clue about choice in their lives, and feel they're nothing more than puppets to destiny and the whims of fate. how utterly tiresome. i'm sure this movie will be more likely enjoyed by those who'd rather not engage in the chaotic messiness of making more complex life choices and then responsibly living with the consequences. after all, here's a movie where our hero and heroine live happily ever after only after wreaking havoc and misery on two other people's lives (namely their respective fiancées), not to mention other relatives and friends, just to get there.

not exactly a new story line, but this romantic comedy makes the concept work. a young man(john cusack) and a drop dead gorgeous woman(kate beckinsale)keep meeting by chance and wonder if they are meant for each other. although both are promised to others...oddly enough they still feel that their soul mate is out there somewhere. a little sappy in some places, but viva la love. being a romantic i am almost obligated to be riveted. my favorite scene is where cusack is on the ground and snow starts falling. the finale is almost too sweet, but most deserving. this is not one of cusack's deeper roles, but who in the hell could not be smitten by beckinsale. notable support is provided by jeremy piven and molly shannon. john corbett plays the worst role i've ever seen him in. on the other hand eugene levy is quirky and funny. watch this with your soul mate.

the master of cheap erotic horror, rolfe kanefsky, finally makes a movie that doesn't go straight to the playboy channel. "the hazing" borrows heavily from everything that came before it from nightmare on elm street to evil dead, but still manages to do it with enough humor to make it watchable... just barely. the characters are cardboard, the dialogue is wooden, the story is paper-thin and the actors couldn't act their way out of a grocery bag. put that all together and you have a pulpy ball of mulch for a movie. sometimes, when i'm bored, i like to eat paper. watching this movie is a lot like that. chew on it for 90 minutes and you're left with a weird taste in your mouth and no nutritional value.

this was truly dreadful! it had a terrible storyline, was poorly acted, and was like an amateur remake of evil dead but not nearly as good.it took all my tenacity to make it through this one, it's a good job i didn't have to visit the toilet else i doubt i would have come back! this one makes hammer house of horror look like a big screen hollywood epic. the only value to this movie was the never ending supply of beautiful women. not a bad one among them! if you want to letch with your friends after a night on the beer then this one's for you ... else avoid it like the plague!

i saw this movie primarily to see brooke burke (as jill), who i had meet briefly in la at a modeling trade show, in her first feature film. i was hoping to see more of her, but thought she did very well acting her role. since she is such a beautiful and poised tv host, and model, it was not surprising. i was left wondering why she was killed, and what happened as a result. maybe i just missed it.i wasn't really sure about the genre of this movie, and although i liked the actors i felt like it was for a college audience. i tried to keep an open mind considering horror wasn't my favorite genre, but felt like i had outgrown the gags. it seemed to drag out in some places, leave you guessing in some places about what powers the evil professor had, and, like a lot of other films had an unsatisfying ending.having written a couple of scripts, i know a lot of this is difficult and may come down to personal opinions, how many movies you have seen & studied, and those you relate with at a point in time.in a nutshell, i found it interesting, but not a satisfying plot and ending for me. if jill (brooke burke) would have returned through the portal in the end and kicked everyone's ass that would be a satisfying ending and would earn a higher rating.

i cannot believe i wasted 80 minutes of my life watching this terrible film i kept hoping it was going to get better by the end but boy was i wrong. the plot was abysmal , the acting was extremely poor and the special effects were awful. not even the 2 beautiful girls could revive my interest in this boring and bloody mess. however i cannot lie ,some of the lines in this film were quite memorable such as when the asian boy says '' i lost my virginity to the babysitter so f**** stereotypes ''please do not waste your time with this crash unless u are prepared or want to have a good laugh .. maybe that way u can watch it to rip this movie with some mates

scary, but mostly in the sense that will it be over before i turn 70. i saw this as a late night re-run in about 1976 and thought it would never end. like crackers, it's better than nothing (but just).ray milland is a little scary because he looks as if he's been stuffed by a taxidermist. yvette mimeux looks as if she's smoked up all the beautiful downtown burbank brown. it's a sort of roy rogers version of rosemary's baby. this is one turkey that should never have been made. if you have insomnia and it's 1:30 on saturday morning and there's nothing on but replays of the 1972 roller derby chamionship, then i guess it beats that. but god help you if this is your only choice for entertainment.

the hazing is confused mumbo-jumbo that wants so hard to be the evil dead that it even references bruce campbell several times. the problem is, it is simply not in the same league as that terrific movie. this movie is nowhere near as original. the plot has been used before, by kevin tenney in night of the demons, and that was a lot more fun. this flick wastes too much time with complicated exposition before getting the kids into the spooky mansion and starting the demonic happenings.brad dourif is, as usual, not given much to do here, but when he is on screen he puts in another over-the-top performance that would make christopher walken jealous. as for the acting of the kids, it's passable but by no means good. the shaky camera work is more annoying than clever or atmospheric. there are a few good moments when the first guy gets possessed and throws around some deadly one liners while dispatching his victims, but it was never scary for a second. the gore level is mid-range to low, but the director tries to make up for it by showing the actresses topless a few times. all in all, just okay if you have 87 minutes to waste.

the script was very weak w/o enough character arcs to make you care one bit about the characters or what happens to them. the script is way too talky and not enough gore or action to even call it slow paced. the story gets to the point that you just want everyone to shut up and die as quickly as possible so you don't have to listen to them talk this very muted, stiff dialogue. on a technical note, the music mix is way to high and makes it hard to understand what is being said most times. then again, this could be called a blessing. overall, this same story could have better been told in a short film w/ a running time under 30 minutes. the obvious "in your face" homages to sam raimi and "evil dead" would have been good had they been more subtle, but here they seem more like a bald faced rip off. c'mon, this kind of 35mm budget and this is the best that could be done? still, the cinematography, lighting design and shots were very well done indeed.

exactly what you would expect from a b-movie. deritive, gratuitous nudity, boring in parts, ridiculous gore and cheesy special-effects. of course it could have been better, better acted (defintly) better written, directed, etc. but then i guess it wouldn't have been a b movie. the actors pretty much sucked, in fact this pretty much seemed like an episode of buffy the vampire slayer or something except with a lot of blood, profanity and nudity.tiffany shepis must be singled out. she absolutely is the scream queen of the new millennium. not that acting really matters in these movies, but she was better than any of the other actors. she's also smokin hot, in that plastic jump suit thing she wore for the whole movie - wow! her posterior is absolutely stunning in that outfit, i mean it every single time she turns around you can help but check her out. and near then end of the film the viewer is rewarded with seeing her completely nekked.so if your a looser b-movie horror buff (like myself), check this out. if not, you should probably avoid at all costs.

i love horror films, low budget, 50's, 60's, 70's, 80's.. but how can anyone think this is a very good horror film? let's compare it to titles in a similar vein- haunted house films. the haunting, the changeling, the shining. or for a similar technology based horror film that was faaar better, (though still far from great) demon seed. ok, i'll be fair.. let's compare it to made-for-tv horror films! don't go to sleep.. waaay creepier and better done. salem's lot, the night stalker, night gallery, even don't go in the basement or crowhaven farm were far better. *spoilers* first of all, for as good a scene as the bloody shower scene was, you have a scene like the opening scene.. oh boy! the garden hose comes alive to hose down some frisky teenagers! terrible. also, just what we understand about the house.. it apparently needs to use its video cameras to see what is going on, and it's a very emotional house. not a spirit, or demon, or entity, it's a house thats "possessed", but by what? we are led to believe an inanimate object learned to love suzie/margaret, our protagonist? now that i'm on the topic of suzie.. another scene that totally bothered me, this poor old crazy lady comes, tells you she was your nurse, pours her heart out, falls in the boiling pool, struggling in agony for 45 seconds, and what does margaret do? does she risk her hands being burnt to save this poor elderly woman that came there to warn her's life? no, she stands there and watches! the acting for the most part was better than average for a horror film, but that's where the positives end. for at least a more interesting, and fun horror film about an inanimate object that kills people watch death bed: the bed that eats. i have a feeling the people who rated this so highly either haven't watched it since it originally aired, or remembered it scaring them as children. this film was pretty much merit less.

it's kind of fascinating to me that so many reviewers consider this a masterpiece. i am not a dullard as far as quality films go, and i will agree that from a technical filming standpoint, as well as for several of the characters portrayed, the film is in an award-worthy class. but there is no sense (for me) of this film actually going anywhere; i mean, taking the viewer anywhere. it is a series of mood scenes, perhaps remarkable as such, but i want more from a film. i look for story and movement and a fulfillment of arrival, none of which did i find in this film. yes, it might be considered poetry on film . . . but there is much poetry that i cannot live with for the same reason: that it paints pictures without going anywhere.one thing further to be said is that it documents a mid-century english childhood, which is necessarily limited in its universality. i was personally appalled at what a young british boy had to live through, in that time and place. having grown up in america just a decade earlier, i can authoritatively say that the contrast is immense. i cannot help wondering if this contrast has had some effect on those reviewing the film so favorably. in other words, could there be a tendency to judge the film entirely on its 'filmic magic' (which i acknowledge is there) and completely ignore its lack of relevance to the nature of one's actual recalled experience?

having low expectations going in, the opening new footage (clocked at over five minutes) of 'husbands' came as a pleasant surprise. i won't say the new footage was grade a material, but it provided a very solid foundation for what "could have been" a good all-original film.unfortunately, this was put together in 1955, during a time of one day shooting schedules. after the new footage, jules white decided to just thumbtack stock footage from 'brideless groom' into this short, making for a not-so-smooth story transition, which jules and felix adler try to remedy with a quickie bit of new footage at the end, giving us the old, worn-out ending of the boys (moe & larry in this case) getting shot in the butt.3/10

you've been fouled and beaten up in submission by my harsh statements about "femme fatale" / "guns n' gals" movies! now comes another breed in disappointing rediscoveries: ninja movies! many of these i've seen before, and let me tell you, they aren't all that's cracked up to be! they usually don't stick to the point. this, among all others, suffers from no originality! what's a ninja got to do with preventing a nuclear holocaust in russia? and isn't this supposed to be a "martial arts" movie, too? does plenty of gunfire sound like an incredible action movie to you? is blood the number one reason to love this to death? will you waste some of your hard-earned cash over a lady singing in her see-through tank top? the answers to these important questions are found in the ninja mission, which should be in the martial arts section of your video store. for even more nonsense ninja fun, try checking out those godfrey ho movies put out by trans world. you get what you deserve, and that's a promise! recommended only for hardcore ninja addicts!

even 20+ years later, ninja mission stands out as the worst movie i ever managed to sit through. scandanavian ninjas silently enter a scene, fire their obnoxiously noisy sub-machine guns with wild abandon, and then silently leave. wow, how will we find those silent invisible assassins? just follow the shell casings and smoke!painfully bad dialog (or was it brilliant and just poorly translated?), not an asian in sight in the cast, and a whopping total of 3 asians among the stunt crew. the plot is ridiculous, the acting pretty much non-existent - then again, ninja can't act! save yourselves - avoid watching at all costs!

recap: doctor markov has developed a new theory how to produce energy, knowledge that might unbalance the world. he keeps his knowledge coded and secret and desperately wants out of the soviet union. kgb on the other side desperately wants the new technology. so, they sets a scheme in motion. during a rescue attempt to free markov, kgb steps in, takes markov to a secret location and lures him to reveal his secret by saying they are in sweden, and working for the un. as a backup, kgb kidnaps markov's estranged daughter. cia now send their best agents, a team of (swedish?) ninjas to thwart kgb and rescue markov and his daughter.comments: a cult movie that despite not being very good needs seeing. the movie is quite ambitious but lacking in many areas. first off is that it is very dark, probably to conceal locations and bad effects, that some scenes are hard to comprehend. you can't see what is happening. the second thing that it is lacking is martial arts, despite being a ninja-movie. sure there are some, of quite poor quality, but mostly the ninjas fires automatic guns or sets of explosions. the automatic guns pose a problem too as they seem to have a endless supply of ammunition. and the ninjas seem almost immune to bullets while soviet guards die like flies.what does it have that speaks for it then? the idea and ambition foremost. some actually, and especially for a swedish movie, decent action-scenes albeit not of martial arts. some nice slow-motion scenes and pretty much blood and gore. and some very interesting new weapons technology that makes the victims heart or brain explode. mostly all parts that you look for in a b-movie.because it definitely is a b-movie, no mistake could be made there. but if you expect it, and watch it like a b-movie, it is entertaining. but don't forget, it is not only a b-movie it is set in the eighties. some girls, for example, besides wearing... lets say "interesting" clothes, have lethal doses of eye shadow and makeup.in all, see for the cult status and the ambition. enjoy it, and then forget it.4/10

not much to say beyond the summary, save that this is an example of j. edgar's hoover's constant attention to maintaining a good "pr" profile. they don't make movies this bad very often, especially with the likes of jimmy stewart and vera miles in the blend. too bad. 

this movie certainly proves, that also the good americans can do terribly good propaganda. no questions being asked, no comments being made on power abuse or police terror, when james stewart, solid and convincing as always, solves all the stories from dillinger to 5th column more or less singlehandedly. june allyson as his regular love interest holds up the family values and e.j. hoover is executive producer.and children or non guilty bystanders are never harmed, when the professionals execute. not to speak of civil rights, which are never broken or homes, which are never intruded. and if the fbi service would not be enough, steward also gives his son's life for the country in ww ii. perfectly made, if you wouldn't know better....

this film is to the f.b.i.'s history as knott's berry farm is to the old west. shamelessly sanitized version of the federal bureau of investigation fight against crime. hoover's heavy hand (did he have any other kind?) shows throughout with teevee quality script-reading actors, cheesy sets, cheap sound effects and lighting 101. with jimmy stewart at 20% of dramatic capacity, vera miles chewing the scenery, the film features every c-lister known in the mid-fifties with nary a hint of irony or humor, from the 'amazon jungle' to the 'back yard barbecue', everything reeks of sound stages and back lots. even the gunshots are canned and familiar. i imagine mervyn leroy got drunk every night. except for a few (very few) interesting exterior establishing shots, nothing here of note beyond a curio.

pedantic, overlong fabrication which attempts to chronicle the birth of the federal bureau of investigations. begins quite promisingly, with a still-relevant probe into an airplane explosion, however the melodrama involving james stewart and wife vera miles just gets in the way (miles had a habit of playing tepid wives under duress, and her frayed nerves arrive here right on schedule). esteemed director mervyn leroy helmed this adaptation of don whitehead's book, but despite the talent involved, the picture fails to make much of an impression. best performance is turned in by murray hamilton as stewart's partner, however most of the dialogue is ludicrous and the dogged pacing causes the movie to seem twice as long as it is. *1/2 from ****

the fbi story (1959) was warner bros. 149 minute epic tribute to the famous criminal investigation agency! from a book by don whitehead came a somewhat laborious screenplay by richard l. green and john twist and was directed with only a modicum of flair by mervyn leroy. however it did have splendid colour cinematography by joseph biroc and a helpful score by the studio's musical magician max steiner!the movie charts the history of the bureau from its lowly beginnings in the twenties to modern times and its all seen through the recollections of aging fastidious agent chip hardesty (james stewart) as he relates his investigative experiences - in flashback - to a class of budding young agents. but it's all very long-winded and episodic! and as it progresses it begins to look like a tv mini series instead of a major movie production as the young hardesty runs the american crime gamut from taking on such notorious criminal figures as "baby face" nelson, ma barker, dillinger etc. to sorting out nefarious organisations like the ku klux klan, nazi spy rings and the red menace. and here it has to be said that only for the screen presence and appeal of its star the fbi story would probably have ended up a forgotten disaster. moreover, this is another problem with the picture - stewart is left to carry the entire movie almost on his own! with the exception of vera miles - who has the thankless role of being his long suffering but devoted wife - he is surrounded by a cast of minor players! throughout you find yourself half expecting someone like robert ryan, jack palance or even raymond burr to make a welcome entrance as a mobster or a police chief or whatever. but nothing quite as imaginative as that ever occurs! pity!the film does however manage to give a good look inside the workings of the bureau! with the help of stewart's narration we learn about the thousands of men and women who work for the organisation which includes the hundreds of agents in the field. and we are also treated to a peek inside headquarters which houses the gigantic records section and we also get a glimpse of the chemists and fingerprint experts meticulously going through their daily chores.another plus for the movie is max steiner's remarkable score! heard over the titles is a powerful, rousing and determined march while for the picture's gentler moments there is an attractive love theme. but quite ingenious is the menacing and ominous march theme for the ku klux klan sequence. and better still is the rhythmic latin-american music the composer wrote for the south american scenes especially the exciting fandango like orchestrations for the arrival of the federal troops on horseback. the fbi story was one of five scores the composer wrote in 1959 which included samuel bronston's naval epic "john paul jones", the charming rom-com "cash mccall", delmer daves' seminal western "the hanging tree" and daves' "a summer place" from which derived the young love theme - which was to become a major hit tune for steiner better known as "theme from a summer place".the fbi story just about passes muster as a movie thanks to biroc's rich colour cinematography, steiner's wonderful music and of course jimmie stewart who makes anything watchable!classic but implausible line from the fbi story............. as the bland nick adams (who has just blown up a plane with 43 people on board, including his mother) is being led away handcuffed he turns to the arresting officer and blurts: "in case i get any mail you can send it to canyon city prison for the next month or so - after that you can send it to hell". wow!

although there are some snippets in this 4-part documentary hinting at the necessity for recreational drug law reform, these are not very well-developed, in contrast to the many snippets from those who feel that the drugs that happen to currently be illegal are a scourge for which the only imaginable solution is incarceration of even those who are guilty even of mere possession of such drugs.although this program, as a whole, leaves the viewer with the impression that the drug war is largely a futile exercise and a waste of money, and for that it deserves some praise, almost nothing in this documentary addresses the very real problems that total war against those who merely possess illegal drugs obviously causes and contributes to--very real problems that most drug warriors themselves would tell you, if asked, they think the drug war is designed to solve. for example, while many minutes are spent on the surge in violence associated with the rising popularity of crack cocaine in the 80's, at no point does this program even hint that the very laws designed to suppress crack cocaine make it impossible for drug sellers to enforce their contracts and business arrangements in courts of law, forcing them to resort to violence to stay in business. but instead of seeing the laws as an important cause of the violence, the drugs themselves seem to take the brunt of the blame. inexplicably, alcohol prohibition, the violence that ensued, and the subsequent reversal of prohibition, is totally ignored by this program.this program will help to perpetuate ridiculous stereotypes of drug users, and it is these that are the primary force in driving the very expensive and very problematic drug war. the possibility of incorporating drugs other than alcohol into a happy and successful life is not really touched on. use of any drug in excess is probably going to cause personal problems, but not all users do their drugs in excess, just like not all alcohol users are alcoholics.if you want a point of view from someone who believes that adults have a moral right not to be incarcerated and have their lives ruined by the criminal justice system just for using drugs that the government, for mostly very arbitrary political reasons rather than reasons based on sound social policy and legitimate science, has decided to totally prohibit, whose users it has decided to not-so-metaphorically wage war against, just forget about it. none of that is in here.on the other hand, this is hardly in the category of anti-drug propaganda. it is mostly an interesting neutrally-presented history of drugs in 20th century united states like marijuana, lsd, heroin, cocaine, mdma, and oxycontin. but there is a significant element of various people's points of view with regard to drug laws, and most (but not all) of that is not very thoughtful or well-informed and slanted in favor of the drug warrior mentality, especially with respect to drugs other than marijuana. the criminal justice system, along with its often harsh life-ruining penalties, is obviously not the only answer or the most appropriate answer to every single social problem, but unfortunately there's an epidemic in this nation of an as-yet unnamed disease whose primary symptoms are a lack of imagination with respect to social policy when it comes to certain drugs, a lack of compassion for fellow humans, a prejudice against people who use the drugs that are not governmentally-approved, perhaps a vested interest in the growth of the prison/policing industry, and a horrid apathy with regard to human dignity. it's morally wrong to kidnap or incarcerate people unless you have a very damn good reason for doing so, and the mere possession of an arbitrarily selected group of drugs is clearly not such a reason. this is really the primary issue when it comes to drugs, yet this program ignores it.so, in sum, the parts of this program that neutrally present history without feeding stereotypes of drug users that are at the heart of the drug war mentality are pretty good and interesting and entertaining. but when it comes to presenting a rational non-radical point of view with regard to drug policy, and giving the viewer examples not only of people with drug problems but also the many people who successfully incorporate drugs into happy and successful lives, it's pretty disappointing.

this movie was extremely depressing. the characters were so cold. the mother, who is he main character, is everything but "motherly". ok, she was unhappy in her marriage and always put her husband and children first. her husband dies. she then goes to visit her son and meets this hunk who is sleeping with her daughter and ends up sleeping with him. until this part, the movie is all right. not excellent, but it can be watched. the guy is charming and who can blame her? ok it's not very motherly to sleep with your daughter's lover but let's blame that on the shock of losing her husband. she becomes totally obsessed with the guy. i think this is the part where i started to dislike the movie. she's always there wanting to please him in an "old fashioned way" with snacks while he is working on her son's house (i guess this is the only thing she ever learned to do), as if it was the only way she could get his attention. the guy obviously is not very interested (actually, it seems more like he considered sleeping with her a charitable activity) and instead of being insulted by that, she continues to beg him to go to go to bed with her and to be nice to her when he becomes very abusive. "i want to please you", she tells him in a desperate way while he is insulting her very badly. what outraged me in this movie, is the utter lack of self-respect the mother has for herself. she tells craig something like "i am just a shapeless lump" the first time they sleep together. this movie is an insult to women kind. if it had been me, i would have bought myself a little object that would have brought me the same satisfaction and a lot less emotional pain... :)

i understand what this movie was trying to portray. how the old are often ignored and treated like a bother, which means they end up feeling unappreciated and like their lives are empty.i do not have a problem with this message, but i just feel that it could have been put across in a way that is not so painful to watch. i enjoy a good art movie but when a movie becomes too self-consciously arty (as in this case) the result is often frustrating. including shots of a person packing a suitcase slowly that take 5 minutes try to make a point but just end up annoying the audience.the female characters are very weak and you end up wanting to just tell them to pull it together. this is a movie you feel you should enjoy or rate highly and certainly has its' merits but i was just too frustrated watching it to ever recommend it to someone else. it might have a deeper message than other roger michell movies (for example: 'notting hill') but at least that was a movie you could enjoy watching.

disappointing and irritating. the screenwriter has no true understanding of human nature but instead strings together clichés in a disjointed fashion. character is not explored in depth. these are puppets plunked down in a plot he openly confesses needed a dramatic element, the mother's affair with her daughter's lover. anne reid gives an excellent performance in spite of being given some peculiar situations and lines, such standing passively to allow her angry daughter to slug her in the eye. the script portrays darren (daniel craig) as a dr. jekyll/mr. hyde without any hints about why, except that he snorts cocaine before the big scene. a mature writer could have done so much more with this topic.

may (anne reid) and toots (peter vaughan) are paying an apparently infrequent visit to their son bobby (steven mackintosh) and his family in london. even as the visit begins, toots suffers a fatal heart attack, leaving may adrift, unsure, and questioning her life and future. finding herself attracted to her daughter's boyfriend darren (daniel craig), her actions lead to inevitable consequences.beautifully filmed, but for all its heralded realism and acclaim, the mother offers a collection of mostly unpleasant, even repellent characters, and asks the viewer to engage with them. reid shines as may, and it is her skill and commitment as a wonderfully understated actor that salvages the film from a completely depressing mire, but michell and kureishi have allowed craig, mackintosh and cathryn bradshaw to create such utterly obnoxious characters, that it becomes increasingly difficult to care what happens to may. as written, the characters played by mackintosh and bradshaw are in fact so utterly selfish and cold-hearted that one begins to wonder what exactly was kureishi trying to say. as directed, they are either unwilling or unable to lift bobby and paula above the two dimensional in their ghastly selfishness. worth seeing for reid's performance, but little else. a crying shame...

never before has a film driven me to write a review but this was just dire.i stuck with it trying to find what it was about this film that made snoop pick it as his first serious role but frankly it was a poor choice.maybe this made a good book but it certainly did not work for me as a film.i found it unbelievable,lacking atmosphere and i found many of the scenes hideously stilted.a musical maestro he may be but a serious actor snoop ain't.the acting by dylan mcdermott and rose byrne was passable but not enough to carry a weak plot with feeble dialogue. perhaps i have just entirely missed the point but to me it didn't fit into any genre,it didn't elicit any empathy with the characters nor did it create any suspense,in fact i found myself praying for the end and quelling a deep desire to slap all three of the main characters!

watching the tenants has been a interesting experience for me. it is the first film i have ever seen where i have shuttled at speed through parts of the (non)action - and i can normally watch anything from turgid action movies to serbo-croat indie and find them fascinating.the tenants is frustratingly sluggish and over-orchestrated. one of the main problems of the script is there is little realistic character dialogue, apart from the set pieces where characters 'collide' in a very structured setting (to make this work, the film needed to feel more conceptual, which it didn't). this leads to a lack of realistic character development; everyone seems two-dimensional.the worse for this is the character of bill spear, aka snoop dogg. i found his characterization very uncomfortable and very unsympathetic. at one point, i even stopped the film because i got so annoyed by the character's aggressive, violent and monotonal delivery, the lack of any other personality layer apart from that of the reactionary "on" switch (which gets really predictable after a while) and i so desperately wanted him to have some redeeming qualities. however, one reason for this jar might be the nebulous time scape of the film (supposedly 70s, it feels and looks more early noughties). if it had been more securely fixed in the 70s, his character might have seemed more understandable.the lighting of the film was also awkward. all the way through, the soundtrack attempts to provide a certain gritty, jazz-infused atmosphere that just did not come off, largely because the set was too well-lit.the tenants, to me, is an unbelievable film. it doesn't depict real people or propose any interesting ways of thinking about race, identity or the life of a writer, be they white or black.strangely, i came away with the feeling that this project needed david lynch; his eerie, clastrophobic and obsessive look and feel would have lifted both the actors and the script into something quite remarkable.

i ended up watching the tenants with my close friends who rented the movie solely based on snoop dogg's appearance (a passionate fetish of theirs) on the cover. understandably, i did not expect much. i thought the movie would include the typical array of snoop dogg related behavior and imagery often seen in cliché rap videos. however, my generalization was for the most part wrong. unfortunately, this didn't make the movie any better.most would describe the movie as a dark serious drama, whereas i would describe it as a dark seriously drawn out boring drama flick. the film tells a story of two struggling writers (dylan mcdermott and snoop dogg) who are trying to create their own separate masterpieces. their polar opposite lifestyles end up forming an unlikely but highly complex and neurotic friendship. this friendship moves throughout the entire movie like a wild roller-coaster - most of which is contributed by snoop's character - reminiscent of someone with a severe case of split personality disorder. and although the movie is a drama, the acting - which has a morbid and serious tone - from snoop and company was more comical than anything else.i wouldn't recommend this movie for those who are attention impaired because this one has a lot of dialogue and a lot more dialogue after that. there are some mediocre conflicts, but even they are mostly bogged down with more dialogue. the end, however, jumped at me with a sudden surprise. it was a little bit twisted, somewhat unexpected and a perfect way to wrap up a movie that needed to end. while watching the ending credits i couldn't help but picture the director thinking, "oh god, how the hell do i end this snoozer." by the way, the director laid out carefully planted hints and subtleties leading to the climax - all of which are more visible than waldo in a crowded street of midgets wearing nothing but black sweaters.

tenants two writers struggle to complete their books in an all but empty apartment house. they at first help each other and then slowly the tension between them begins to build.this is based upon a bernard malamud novel and unfortunately everyone speaks as though they are in that novel. very little of the dialog is natural, its purple and brimming with shades of meaning. its as if a college english major with a head full of pretensions wrote the script. it's awful and i found myself instantly immune to anything the film had to say, which is a shame since the film is populated with great performances from top to bottom. snoop dog on down are fine form, unfortunately none of them can over come the falseness of the words and the premise.i can't really recommend this movie. while not really bad, its very preachy and pretentious to the point of making you want to walk away. i lost interest less then a third of the way in and had to struggle to get to the end. if you're interested i'd try it on cable, but i wouldn't lay out good money to see it.

some movies are repellent but still fascinating (pulp fiction); others are simply boring. this movie has an almost unique feature of being both utterly repellent and totally boring. by the end i didn't care about any of the characters, i just wanted all of them dead so i could get out of the theatre.

this has got to be one of the worst movies i have ever seen. it is (i think) a story of a rebellious college basketball player, his tough-but-fair coach, his girlfriend, and a fellow student (played by michael margotta) who has continual nervous breakdowns. the story goes nowhere, there is zero character development, there is nobody to care about, and the performances, with the exception of bruce dern as the coach, are terrible. it is hard to believe how a talent like jack nicholson could direct such an awful movie. make sure to avoid this turkey.

decent enough with some stylish imagery however the tiny budget hampers things.i also get the impression they were trying to shock you with some of the graphic weirdo perv website stuff.if you like anime in particular stuff like cyber city and the ad police then this might up your street.but basically its low budget matrix cash in however not totally devoid of its own style.great soundtrack by some unheard of grunge/punk/post grunge bands. worth checking out if only for the soundtrack.

i found horrorvision almost unwatchable. while only 70 minutes in length i still found myself hitting the fast forward button again and again. the acting was of the `if i scream and say ***k a lot i'm intense' school. and the story was at best a scenario that had yet to be fleshed out.while i never go to full moon for great film making i have never seen them produce as bad a piece of junk as this.

if this guy can make a movie, then i sure as hell can make one too.in fact, if you hire me to make a movie for you, i promise to do the following:1) i will add more naked women. this movie had none. i think cheesy b-class horror movies are only rented because of their traditional exploitation of the female body. i wouldn't want to let my viewers down.2) i will refrain from making too many scenes where the hero wakes up to find out it's only a dream. i think horrorvision had about 4 of these scenes. and, considering the movie was only like an hour long, the dream-to-movie-length ratio was quite high. and, if i do decide to do a dream sequence, i will make sure that the person wakes up without clothes on. i mean, who sleeps in leather pants??3) i will not rip off any movies like star wars or the matrix because i will know that my budget is small and i will not want to mask my contempt for big-budget hollywood movies by adding satirical references about them in mine. 4) and finally, i will not mix modern technology with the undead. i mean, a palm pilot can only be so scary ... at least they turned it into an evil rolly-polly monster before the screen blew up or something.so, if you are looking for the above qualities in your next horror production, count on me: wanna-b-movie director extraordinaire.

i am not from america and i know what 'wife swap' is. when a show came out of that name i was thrilled to see some cool glamorized sexual moments from the program. but what i got was a real sucking stupidity. i was misjudged by its title name, it has no adult contents, no nudity, not even vulgar dialogues (broad casted threw hallmark channel and i think they edited/mute out such contents to make it neat).a show which gives a picture of current american/western family state, overweight chubby peoples, polluted teenagers, and their sucking family goings. in each episode two wives/two mothers (more correctly) were chosen to live in each others home and re-changes each others family routine with their new own rule. sometimes its turns out to be good or more evenly bad. on the ending section each mothers are brought back with their husband and try to conclude what they did to each families past days. it's the sucking portion of the program were each contenders fights for their rights. i was sucked to see all of these instead of seeing some cool adult sex stuff. i mean who make this program, more than that who gave the name "wife swap"; its better to be called as "mother swap". all in all it corrupts all the great things the real wife swap stands for! wife swap = average sucking reality show.

no doubt frank sinatra was a talented actor as well as a talented singer. after all, very few actors nowadays can get a scene just right in one take, and that was pretty much sinatra's modus operandi on set.i feel that as the 1960's wore on, the quality of the man's films really started to tank. the tony rome detective series was nothing short of trying to compete with dean martin's matt helm series which came out at the same time. perhaps even a james bond competition, but nothing really worked for frank during these years. his personal life in shambles, his music fading out...sinatra appeared more like a throwback to the 1950's. the last great sinatra film of this period was probably von ryan's express in 1965.

lady in cement - pi spoof with ole blue eyes.frank sinatra is a shamus on a houseboat in miami in this rarely funny "comedy".burdened by an annoying and repetitious hugo montenegro score and bunch of misfiring punchlines this 1968 flick just never rises above slightly too bawdy to be on tv made for television movie status.dan blocker is effective in the mike mazurski/ted de corsia big galoot role and raquel welch should thank her personal trainer.the only thing that makes the dvd worth keeping or seeing is the collection of cheesy trailers for welch flicks like bandolero,fantastic voyage , mother ,jugs & speed and myra breckinridge.even if you get the dvd-skip the predictable movie and go for the trailer library in the special features.besides tons of mysoginistic asides-sinatra lisps @ the homosexual owners of the local go-go bar.a relic that needs to be put back in the time capsule. d

detective tony rome (frank sinatra) returns to the screen after his self titled debut, this time it's a film that's played for erm…laughs. while on a diving trip, rome finds the body of a blonde beauty at the bottom of the sea, her feet as you might expect, encased in cement. rome immediately on the case after being hired by man mountain waldo gronsky. rome finds himself immediately at risk as he has to investigate some mafia types, who turn the tables on him and he is himself found to be the main suspect, he must now go on the run and hope to solve the case alone. the portly sinatra tries hard to sell us the lame jokes and make us believe he is a good detective, oh and not to mention being sexually attractive to the foxy raquel welch, but he fails miserably, in this ham fisted vanity project. the frankly laughable denouement that surrounds every female is quite astounding, every woman in the film is a dither head, who likes bending over is front of the camera, director douglas of course obliges in zooming in on the cracks of their asses each time as they flex their posterior muscles. there's even a ridiculously campy gay character that beggars belief, this was a film made by "real men" for "real men" to reaffirm their own flagging sexuality, it's a shameful shambles.

for me an unsatisfactory, unconvincing heist movie. with an a-list cast, particularly the three leads and an experienced maverick director like spike lee i was expecting far more and in the end felt that what was delivered added little to this movie sub-genre. for a start i didn't like the pacing of the film, starting off with mastermind clive owen's raison d'etre piece to camera, unnecessarily repeated at the conclusion, then finding the narrative peppered with confusing, not to say unreal-seeming witness interviews, then finding yourself jumped into scenes you sense had begun earlier. of course the camera work is fluid throughout, constantly on the move and incorporating hand-camera shots a-plenty, but director lee fails to deliver thrills or suspense, falling down fundamentally by not making anything of the key protagonists in the film. denzel washington is weighed down with the clothes and bad-ass jive talk of a "shaft" movie thirty - five years earlier (he even has that "no-one understands him but his woman" thing going on, replete with his "hot" girlfriend, baiting her with some downright crude and inappropriate "dirty-talk") and his mild "in the heat of the night" riff with willem defoe (in almost a bit-part) raises barely a ripple. clive owens plays his character with a resolutely english accent even as we're given to believe the gang is arab-based, also hindered by having to play 90% of the film with a mask over his face. jodie foster delivers another of her patented tight-lipped, ice maiden, sub-clarice starling turns as a well connected financial bounty-hunter, if you will, to little effect. overall it's a real mish-mash of a film, with a light but obvious twist at the end, in fact the title gives it away from the start, spoiler fans. worst scene (of many) is undoubtedly washington's witness-interview, unbelievably, with an 8 year old street-kid, although owen's dialogue with the same child minutes earlier runs it close in the embarrassment stakes. during the film in-joke references are made by characters to classic heist films like "serpico" and "dog day afternoon" - but there's no honour in self-praise. more like "the hot rock" instead...and even that was good for a few laughs.

first, this film is not a "thriller." neither is it "gripping, taut." it might have been so based on the script, but the direction's slow pace makes it difficult to get into.the plot itself is very interesting and ingenious. unfortunately, we only get a sense of *how* ingenious after the picture is over. that leaves us with over two hours of long sequences with music playing over them punctuated by some action scenes that don't grab the viewer, and "cunning vixen" scenes that inject a little more overt intelligence.i wish this had been the fast-paced thriller the box promised. it would've been an outstanding film. instead, spike lee made it plod along through the end.

this movie had so much potential - a strong cast, a reasonably strong idea and clearly a decent budget. i'm not sure where it all went wrong, but each of those elements was wasted. the story went nowhere, the characters were hollow to say the least and the result was a very boring, pointless, waste of a film. i hated it. judging by the other votes, i'm in the minority here and must be some sort of freak. however, i thought this movie was dreadful. i had high hopes, but was very disappointed. a particular disappointment was jody foster's character. a very cocky "fixer" of sorts makes a nice idea. jody was confident and sexy, but the character did nothing and went nowhere. denzel washington played the same character he always plays - enjoyable but nothing new.

the trailers for this film were better than the movie. what waste of talent and money. wish i would've waited for this movie to come on dvd because at least i wouldn't be out $9. the movie totally misses the mark. what could have been a great movie for all actors, turned out to be a b-movie at best. movie moved very slow and just when i thought it was going somewhere, it almost did but then it didn't. in this day and age, we need unpredictable plot twists and closures in film, and this film offered neither. the whole thing about how everyone is a suspect is good, however, not sure if it was the way it was directed, the lighting, the delivery of lines, the writing or what, but nothing came from it. lot of hype for nothing. i was very disappointed in this film, and i'm telling everyone not to see it. the cheesy saxophone music throughout made the film worse as well. and the ending had nothing to do with the rest of the film. what a disappointment.

to call a movie like "thinner" bad is like calling the earth round or pauly shore un-talented. no news, but how they got that way is what people want to know.as far as this movie.... the book was good, even if it was a little derivative of other stories from the "be careful what you wish for" genre. burke plays an overweight lawyer who kills the daughter of a gypsy and is cursed by her father (constantine from tv's "room 222") to several pounds a day. like i said, it starts out good, but why involve the mobster (mantegna)? why fire automatic weapons so much? why turn it into something so heavily dependent on fx? i thought it would have been much more effective if it focused more on the subtle ramifications of weight loss crazes, diseases, death, gypsy lore and such. but no, it's not to be. remember, this is stephen king we're talking about.and the ending... almost the same as the book, but a little too talky. in fact the whole movie talks too much, feeling it has to explain every plot turn to us. not that i expected "the dead zone", but i could have done without another "pet sematary", thanks anyway.one star for at least trying to do a halfway decent makeup job. however, the rest of the movie is left to be... say it with me... "thinner".

i passed this one on the shelf a few times, looking at the myriad of huge positive quotes (with tiny names) on the front and wondering if i was missing something. the other night it was on one of the movie channels, and i tuned in. i missed nothing.i must admit that i only watched the first 30 minutes. perhaps the movie becomes comedy gold after that. given the slow, plodding pace and complete lack of laughter in the first 30, i seriously doubt it.the lead character starts the movie in classic "i don't know how to start my movie" style, with a long, tiresome monologue about how he doesn't want to get sued. it's not funny. it's not even remotely funny. others have commented on the "san franclisco" bit; ok, a small chuckle the first time he says it. then he grinds it into the ground, smiling at the camera like it's the funniest thing ever written. get over yourself. in fact, i think the talking to the camera bit was the reason i instantly disliked the film. don't assume familiarity with your audience. familiarity is _earned_, much like respect.from there you basically have a fat whiny guy talking in a very effeminate way about his dull life as a temp. i didn't realize he's jewish; it's a discredit to jewish comedians to call this "jewish humor". it's just unfunny humor. just because you're jewish doesn't mean you have a knack for the comedy. a wasp, spalding gray, does a better job of self-analytical humor than this guy, so obviously it's not about ethnicity.if one of the bits i had seen had worked, i might have stuck around. but some schlub going on about how much he loves the names of the women he works with, then listing them for five long minutes, doesn't make a great movie.this is an obvious attempt to capitalize on the popularity of "office space". don't let yourself become a victim of target marketing. just say no to "haiku tunnel".

after waking up at 3:30 in the morning and not being able to go to sleep, i decided that i may as well be entertained while i suffered from sleep deprivation. this movie was on hbo and i decided to watch it. what a mistake!here is the plot (potential spoilers, if you even care) : a neurotic man with an addiction to candy (josh kornbluth) works as a temp for some ridiculous company. suddenly, he is offered the chance to "go perm," which seems to be the favorite catch-phrase of this movie. but with a secure job and a secure income within his grasp, josh decides for whatever stupid reason that he doesn't want to do it. he hopelessly bungles several minor tasks and his laziness and lack of ambition fill me with contempt. his inability to send several "very important" letters within a given amount of time is supposed to be hilarious, but is merely stupid. josh meets and deceives a lawyer woman and they wind up in bed together (obviously a fantasy of josh's in real life, as such a thing would never happen). a bunch of other stuff happens, but it's too trite and inane to go into now.despite the fact that this movie is billed as a comedy, i only laughed twice during it; the first time was the opening shot of josh kornbluth (my initial reaction was one of stifling fear) and the second was when he was in bed with the attractive woman (yeah, right). josh kornbluth is perhaps the most terrifying-looking person i have ever seen in my life. he is an unattractive, overweight, balding jewish man who i am supposed to believe has sex with beautiful women. i do not at all sympathize with josh's character. he is lazy and unmotivated and i just don't appreciate the failed attempts at humor. skip it, even if your life depends upon it.

the worlds largest inside joke. the world's largest, most exclusive inside joke.emulating the brash and 'everyman' humor of office space, this film drives the appeal of this film into the ground by making the humor such that it would only be properly appreciated by legal secretaries writing books. the audience is asked to assume the unfamiliar role of a legal secretary, and then empathize with the excruciatingly dumb protagonist.the entire film is centered on the legal secretary finding free time, listening to music and writing a novel while working. these are his goals. you can't imagine the slap in the face it is to the audience when (around halfway through) they find out he has had a job which fit all three of those criteria, but then gives it up! the director and screenwriter (jacob kornbluth and josh kornbluth) completely remove the audience's motivation to empathize or even find entertaining a protagonist that has previously thrown away that which he is complaining about the lack thereof.apart from that major stumbling block, the legal secretary insider humor fails because they must be explained explicitly to the audience each time they happen. without these asides, the audience wouldn't have noticed anything particularly strange. humor is only effective if it doesn't need to be thoroughly explained to the audience what is funny.

i'll dispense with the usual comparisons to a certain legendary filmmaker known for his neurotic new yorker persona, because quite frankly, to draw comparisons with bumbling loser josh kornbluth, is just an insult to any such director. i will also avoid mentioning the spot-on satire `office space' in the same breath as this celluloid catastrophe. i can, however, compare it to waking up during your own surgery – it's painful to watch and you wonder whether the surgeons really know what they're doing. haiku tunnel is the kind of film you wish they'd pulled the plug on in its early stages of production. it was cruel to let it live and as a result, audiences around the world are being made to suffer.the film's premise – if indeed it has one – is not even worth discussing, but for the sake of caution i will. josh kornbluth, a temp worker with severe commitment-phobia, is offered a permanent job. his main duty is to mail out 17 high priority letters for his boss. but ludicrously, he is unable to perform this simple task. my reaction? big deal! that's not a story… it's a passing thought at best - one that should've passed any self-respecting filmmaker by. the leading actor – if you can call him that – is a clumsy buffoon of a man, with chubby features, a receding, untamed hairline, and a series of facial expressions that range from cringe-making to plain disturbing. where o where did the director find this schmuck? what's that you say…… he is the director? oh, my mistake. playing yourself in your own embarrassment of a screenplay is one thing, but i suspect that mr kornbluth isn't that convincing as a human being, let alone an actor. rest assured, this is by no means an aimless character assassination, but never before have i been so riled up by an actor's on-screen presence! my frustration was further confounded by his incessant to-camera monologues in between scenes. i mean, as if the viewer needs an ounce of intelligence to comprehend this drivel, kornbluth insults us further by `explaining' the action (first rule of filmmaking: `dramatize exposition'… show, don't tell). who does this guy think he is? he has no charisma, no charm, and judging by his hawaiian shirts, no sense of style. his casting agent should be shot point blank!the supporting actors do nothing to relieve the intense boredom i felt, with but one exception. patricia scanlon puts in a very funny appearance as helen the ex-secretary, who has been driven insane by her old boss, and makes harassing phone calls from her basement, while holding a flashlight under her face. this did make me chuckle to myself, but the moment soon passed and i was back to checking my watch for the remainder of the film.the film's title is also a misnomer. haiku tunnel has nothing to do with the ancient form of japanese poetry. don't be fooled into thinking this is an art house film because of its pretentious-sounding title or the fact that it only played in a handful of cinemas and made no money at the box office……… there's a very good reason for that!

watching josh kornbluth 'act' in this movie reminds me of my freshman tv production class, where the 'not funny' had the chance to prove just how unfunny they really were!obvious is the word that comes to mind when i try to synopsize this wannabe comedy. the jokes are sophomoric and telegraphed. the delivery is painfully bad. ouch!!!!!!! the writing is simply dorkish. it is akin to a bob saget show. watching this movie is as painful as watching a one and a half hour long saturday night live skit (post belushi). i hated this movie and want my money back!!!

the world may have ended. unfortunately this film survived as yet another testament to canada's inability to make movies that go beyond the execrable. maybe it's because all our really good people (norman jewison, martin short et al) go to hollywood.) in fact it's too bad short wasn't cast in this apallingly pretentious and banal film. he might have given it some credibility. the canadian government should realize --- and this movie is a magnificent example --- that shovelling money into the trough does not result in good cinema. if the people lapping up these public funds had had to compete, they might have been forced to come up with something worthwhile. as it is they have produced yet another snickering embarassment.

to make any film about the supposed end of the world, there should be some facts & realism 1. we are never told why these people believe this. 2.location is new years eve in toronto canada . so please some one tell me why was then still shining at midnight & why(based on the costumes) did it seem like september3. the acting was in that neo-au-natural style, that needed a director who knew how to do it.4. the individual story pieces were all dreary & without any purpose. i could go on, but i do not want to make this as boring as the film. rating *1/2 (out of 4) 2 on imdb scalethank you i am as always jay harris (aka)sirbossman

very funny to watch "beretta's island" as kind of natural trash-film.it is like answer to jess franko's type of b-movie.bodybuilders strikes back (!face to face!) to pushers.the very very very stupid strike!action: unbelievably bad directed firing(shooting) scenes look even better than hand-to-hand fighting.chasing scenes ridiculous.saving beauties scenes incredibly stupid.erotic scenes are very unerotic.the main luck of film is pretty landscapes and festival scenes.don't miss:arnold schwarzenegger's joke at start of film and list of franco columbu's kin at the end. special attraction: naked bosom.almoust forgot - franco can sing!

from the first time i saw the box cover of the movie and the stretched out photography i thought this guy, this friend of the 'scwarz' must be like 6 foot or 6ft 2in. not 5 feet tall. not that, it's his fault. at any rating, i turned on the movie one cool night in tucson, out on the second story-deck with a good cigar and let it roll. at that time my wife was having an affair and things were going down hill for me, so i needed a good diversion. but, as bad as the movie was...i totally enjoyed it, with a bottle of merlot too, i might admit. truly, i have watched this movie many times. it always makes me feel good!! it's not that it 'tries too hard' to be cool or that 'it's so close' to hitting the mark for an action film....it's frantic. and then truly clueless. then frantic again. it's the best of the best when it comes to a slow speed chase scene. wow!! i never felt safer in my life. warm and happy too. i was thankful that they conserved on the gasoline during the chase, due to less production in the summer months...anywho the direction was 'uninspired' the action and fight sequences needed to be choreographed, or re-choreographed and tightened up, the sound was off the delivery didn't hit you, it just kept on going, the other way. the 'locals' of that village that they were in, the town rather, were 'off cue' they also did not seem to follow what was happening very well, the would look and even 'stare' into the camera lens. like a deer in the head lights kind of thing only some of them with a smile, a smiling deer. i feel bad because 'columbu' i just bet has a good heart and a caring spirit for people in america as well as for his own countrymen. however "baretta's island" is very lethargic and unbelievable. even still i like it a lot. my now x-wife hates it, but i love it! the funny thing is, i am pretty discriminating when it comes to movies i like or even 'love'. all in all, i like franco. so there it is. as a movie adding addendum to this if you like killing a few hours with truly fun to watch, straight to video-b movies or 'bad' movies for your little library collection then, if you can find it, check out 'the big sweat' (1991) with robert z' dar..you know the big guy from 'tango & cash'. 'the big sweat', a bomb of a cop story with no real plot discovery and acting that is so lame, it might as well be 'on crutches' and at the end of 'the big sweat' i think they ran out of money, because they had a picture of the cast and just set it on fire and let it burn during the credits. -good fun. but all in all, not as good as baretta's island', i gave it a '1' and an overall rating of 'awful' for awful-good b' movie. i'm waiting for the sequel, maybe like 'baretta's revenge on montazuma' (franco takes a mexican vacation and gets sick on the water then, declares war on the water co.) or 'baretta's powder war' where as he would stake out a large drug lord in his country and chemically gene-splice and create a hybrid super bug (insect) that would be bred and dropped into the cocaine fields and eat the coke and upon passing it through the bug, it forms a chemical reaction that turns the coke to pure powdered sugar. then another sequel he would have to get the young people rescued from excessive sugar addiction and so on. he could get a major tooth paste company to endorse and partially fund the project with careful product placement in the feature. right?(*)

it's the worst movie i've ever seen. the action is so unclear, work of cameras is so poor, actors are so affected ... and this lamentable 5 minutes of arnie on the screen. my advice from the bottom of my heart - don't watch it unless you like such a low class torture.

sadly, the print of the film we were going to watch burned in the fire at universal studios last week, so we were stuck with video. that could even be a metaphor for this second-rate king kong movie from toho studios' stalwart director ishiro honda. essentially it's a warm up for "king kong versus godzilla". it even uses the idea of a mecha-kong, like mecha-godzilla. of course the movie climaxes with king kong fighting mecha-kong on top of the expo tower in tokyo, but if you didn't know that already then maybe you're in the age group that this movie was intended for.the cast is headed by a guy named rhodes reason who we had never heard of... glancing over his list i see mostly a lot of scattered american tv credits, so it's interesting that they dragged him all the way to japan so that they could have a nominal american hero. the real hero of the movie is the more sensitive japanese commander played by akira takarada, who i recognized from hiroshi inagaki's iconic version of "chushingura" (47 ronin) and also from the original godzilla films by honda. i'm sorry rhodes reason whoever you are, but this guy has way more screen presence and you can bet that everyone wants him to end up with the cute little blonde, played by linda miller. we laughed at the way reason would always find a way to interject himself between miller and takarada, who it seemed like she kind of preferred. of course like all kong leading ladies her primary relationship is with the king himself. she discovers a nice trick: if you talk to a giant ape really..... really.... slowly..... he'll understand what you're saying. and if you're a blonde gal, that means that he'll do whatever you tell him to do. that fact is not lost on dr. who (eisei amamoto) and madame piranha (mie hama) -- representing a "nation which shall not be named" -- who plan on using her as bait to get kong to dig up mineral deposits that are trapped at the north pole.yes, this is truly the plot of the whole movie -- apparently only a giant ape is going to be capable of digging out these minerals which can be used to make super powerful weapons. dr. who builds mecha-kong to get it but the circuitry gets in the way, so they decide to go for the real kong. kong himself seems momentarily infatuated with mecha-kong, a story element that might have made the film more interesting but wasn't followed up on.by the end of the movie, the cute blonde has shouted "kong" or "king kong" in her chirpy voice so many times that when the two heroes tell her to let him go at the end they're speaking for all of us. basically this movie squanders whatever majesty was possible in the kong character by making him a heroic and friendly figure much too early, just like the newest version of the story. kong is just a guy in a suit in this movie, and they show quite a lot of him to the point where the goofy face becomes impossible to take seriously. it's a nice looking movie, i'm sure it satisfies the demands or desires of fans of this type of thing, which is really more of a wrestling film than a monster film in a lot of ways. the monsters don't ever really scare in these films, they just jump around and push each other around a lot. it's not a worthless movie, but it's extremely predictable and formulaic so for anyone under the age of 10 or so it probably will only be entertaining as comedy.

all i could think of while watching this movie was b-grade slop. many have spoken about it's redeeming quality is how this film portrays such a realistic representation of the effects of drugs and an individual and their subsequent spiral into a self perpetuation state of unfortunate events. yet really, the techniques used (as many have already mentioned) were overused and thus unconvincing and irrelevant to the film as a whole.as far as the plot is concerned, it was lacklustre, unimaginative, implausible and convoluted. you can read most other reports on this film and they will say pretty much the same as i would.granted some of the actors and actresses are attractive but when confronted with such boring action... looks can only carry a film so far. the action is poor and intermittent: a few punches thrown here and there, and a final gunfight towards the end. nothing really to write home about.as others have said, 'bad' movies are great to watch for the very reason that they are 'bad', you revel in that fact. this film, however, is a void. it's nothing.furthermore, if one is really in need of an educational movie to scare people away from drug use then i would seriously recommend any number of other movies out there that board such issues in a much more effective way. 'requiem for a dream', 'trainspotting', 'fear and loathing in las vegas' and 'candy' are just a few examples. though one should also check out some more lighthearted films on the same subject like 'go' (overall, both serious and funny) and 'halfbaked'.on a final note, the one possibly redeeming line in this movie, delivered by vinnie jones was stolen from 'lock, stock and two smokling barrels'. to think that a bit of that great movie has been tainted by 'loaded' is vile.overall, i strongly suggest that you save you money and your time by not seeing this movie.

i've been working my way through a collection of lugosi films recently, and having just been blown away a couple of days ago by the combination of lugosi and boris karloff in "the black cat" i was really looking forward to seeing their collaboration in "the raven." alas, it just didn't work for me, and by the end of the film i was quite disappointed.for the first three quarters of this movie or so i thought the story lacked any real suspense. lugosi was doing a pretty good job of holding things together as the somewhat mad dr. vollins, some sort of surgical genius who falls in love with a young woman (irene ware) he treats after a car accident but who can't have her - partly because she's already engaged, and partly because her father (samuel s. hinds) disapproves. to deal with that situation, he enlists the aid of edmond bateman (boris karloff) - a horribly ugly man who wants vollins to make him look more acceptable. aside from lugosi's performance, though, i found little to hold my interest. then, suddenly, in the last fifteen or twenty minutes, the movie shifts around completely. suddenly it becomes quite suspenseful, but i thought lugosi's performance fell apart, largely because the movie tried to shift him from mad to insane - and there's a difference. he plays the "mad" role very well - controlled and in control but evil. "insane" is a more out of control evil, and i didn't think lugosi pulled that off well. at one point, he offers some maniacal laughter which just comes across as fake. in the meantime, karloff was a huge disappointment. he never grabbed me at all. as an aside, it must have grated on lugosi that - in movies in which they co-star - karloff gets the top billing, even though in "the raven" it's clearly lugosi who is the lead actor. this surely gives a hint as to how universal ranked their two great horror stars - inexplicably, i would add, because i've always thought of lugosi as the better actor of the two.in any event, there's no real connection here to edgar allen poe's story "the raven" - except that vollins is a poe fanatic, who tries to recreate some of the torture techniques from poe's stories. overall, a disappointment. 4/10.

i'm a don johnson fan, but this is undoubtedly the worst movie, done by anybody, that i've ever seen. the acting was bad, as was the cinematography. don should stick to doing action, because as the king, he just didn't cut it.

you may say to yourself, "don johnson as elvis? can that work? is it possible? seems like an terrible choice to me, but perhaps i should have an open mind. maybe i'll be surprised. maybe he can pull it off."not!don johnson is not a bad actor. but he is an awful elvis. he's too short, too weak-voiced, too sharply featured ... well you've already imagined how bad he would be. add to that a hokey black wig and heavy-handed eye-liner and mascara and it's a big fat embarrassing mess.the best i can say is that since johnson's acting is decent and since his impersonation is so far off, after a while you don't even think of him as elvis anymore. you see him as some other crazed pop star instead. then, on that level, the movie becomes watchable.stephanie zimbalist is also not ideally cast as the tall, beauty queen, linda thompson. but she is attractive in her own right and plays the part with the honesty, elegance and intelligence we've come to expect from all her roles. there may be too much intelligence in her performance. you have to be kind of a dope to stick with a dope abusing dope.there's nothing new to this story; we've heard it many times before. if you've looking for new info or insight, you won't find it. it's told as a love story - an unrequited one: linda for elvis and elvis for drugs.

in 1972, after his wife left to go her own way, elvis presley began dating linda thompson. miss thompson, a good-humored, long haired, lovely, statuesque beauty queen, is charted to fill a void in elvis' life. when elvis' divorce became final, linda was already in place as the legendary performer's live-in girlfriend and travel companion until 1976.this is a gaudy look at their love affair and companionship. linda whole-heartedly tending to her lover's needs and desires. and even putting up with his swallowing medications by the handful and introducing her to her own love affair with valium. at times this movie is harsh and dark of heart; a very unattractive look at the 'king' and his queen.don johnson is absolutely awful as elvis. over acting to the hilt is not attractive. stephanie zimbalist lacks the classiness of linda, but does the job pretty well. supporting cast includes: john crawford, ruta lee, and rick lenz. watching this twice is more than enough for me, but don't let this review stop you from checking it out. for most elvis fans that i have conferred with, this is not a favored presentation.

previous commentator steve richmond stated that a walk on the moon is, in his words "not worth your $7". i ended up paying a bit more than that to import what is one of the worst-quality dvds i have yet seen, of this film or any film in existence. even when you ignore the fact that the dvd is clearly sourced from an interlaced master and just plain nasty to watch in motion, the film has no redeeming qualities (save anna's presence) to make watching a top quality blu-ray transfer worthwhile. not that this is any fault of the other actors. liev schreiber, diane lane, tovah feldshuh, and viggo mortensen all score high on the relative to anna paquin acting ability chart. far more so than holly hunter or sam neill did in spite of an equally lousy script, anyway. director tony goldwyn's resume is nothing to crow about, but pamela gray's resume includes wes craven's most dramatic excursions outside of the horror or slasher genre, so one could be forgiven for thinking this is a case of bad direction.as i have indicated already, the sole reason i watched this film is anna paquin. in her acting debut, she literally acted veterans of the industry with a minimum of twelve years' experience above hers under the table. while she is not as far ahead of her castmates here, her performance as a girl that starts the piece as a brat and grows into a woman whose world is crashing down around her proves her oscar was no fluke. for some time i have been stating to friends that she would be the best choice to portray the heroine of my second complete novel, and a dialogue seventy-three minutes into this film is yet another demonstration of why. this woman could literally act the paint off walls. anna aside, only liev schreiber comes close to eliciting any sympathy from an audience. sure, his character spends the vast majority of the film neglecting a wife with an existential crisis, but he plays the angered reaction of a man who feels cheated brilliantly. i should know, even if it is not from the same circumstances here.viggo mortensen also deserves credit for his portrayal of a travelling salesman, although perhaps not to the same extent. in a manner of speaking, he is the villain of the piece, but he successfully gives the character a third dimension. yes, his actions even after the whole thing explodes are underhanded, but not many men would act any differently in his situation. nobody wants to be the other man in this kind of messed-up situation, so viggo deserves a lot of credit for giving it a try here. unfortunately, these are all participants in a story about a woman who feels trapped in a stagnant marriage where tovah feldshuh tells us that the mills and boon archetype of women being the only ones who feel life is passing by simply does not exist. either writer pamela gray or director tony goldwyn thought they could just put this line into the film without thinking of how the audience might receive it. anna even gets to speak the mind of the audience when she asks diane who she is to be lecturing anyone about responsibility.that said, the film does have a couple of things besides anna going for it. mason daring's original music, while not standing out in any way, gives the film a certain feeling of being keyed into the time depicted that helps where the other elements do not. roger ebert is right when he points out that while liev is a great actor, putting him alongside viggo in the story of a woman forced to choose between her marriage and her fantasy is a big mistake. he is also very correct in that when the film lingers over scenes of lane and mortensen skinny-dipping or mounting one another under a waterfall, it loses focus from being a story of a transgression and becomes soft porn. the film seems terminally confused about the position of its story. no matter how many times i rewatch liev's scenes, i cannot help but feel he has been shortchanged in the direction or editing. one does not have to make their leads particularly handsome or beautiful, but taking steps to make them the most interesting or developed characters in the piece would have gone a long way.ebert also hits the nail right on the head when he says that every time he saw anna on the screen, he thought her character was where the real story lay. stories about the wife feeling neglected and running into the arms of a man who seems interesting or even dangerous are a dime a dozen, to such an extent now that even setting the story in parallel with an event as earth-shattering as the moon landing will not help. in spite of feeling revulsion at the manner in which her character's story is presented, anna might as well be walking around with a neon sign above her head asking the audience if they would not prefer to see the whole thing through her eyes. while i am all too aware that it is difficult to control exactly which character your audience will find the most interesting from your cast, it is very much as if they did not bother to try with lane and schreiber. fans of these two would be well advised to look elsewhere. hopefully by now my ramblings about the respective performances will give some idea of where the whole thing went wrong.i gave a walk on the moon a three out of ten. anna paquin earns it a bonus point with one of her best performances (and that is saying something).

in what could have been an otherwise run of the mill, mediocre film about infidelity in the sixties (the subtle "free-love" period), the creators of this film pile on ridiculous scenario after ridiculous scenario and top it all off with a trite little cherry on top, happily ever after ending. at no time did i ever feel sympathy for diane lane or anna paquin in their troublesome middle-class care free life, nor did i feel for the emasculated liev shrieber. the story line plods along slowly to its predictable, pathetic conclusion and the only thing interesting and watchable about this film is the stunning diane lane topless. here's a hint, it occurs about 30 minutes into the film. fast forward to that part and skip the rest.

tony goldwyn is a good actor who evidently is trying his hand at directing. "a walk on the moon" appears to have borrowed from other, better made films. the present story takes place in the late sixties at a summer resort for working class jews not far from woodstock. the screen treatment by pamela gray doesn't have much going for it, so it's a puzzle why mr. goldwyn decided to tackle this film as his first attempt at direction.the kantrowitz family is spending some time at the resort. we see them arrive at the small bungalow that is going to be their temporary home. marty, the father, comes only for the week-end; he works in what appears to be a family small appliance business repairing television sets, mostly. in a few days the first man will walk in space, so the excitement is evident.the kantrowitz women are left behind. pearl, marty's wife and her mother-in-law, lilian, spend idle days in the place until the "blouse salesman" arrives. pearl goes browsing and she finds much more than a shmatte; she gets the salesman as well. it appears that pearl and marty have no sexual life at all. after two children, pearl, who appears to be sexy and with a high libido is ready for some extra marital fun.that is the basic premise for the film, which becomes a soap opera when the young daughter, alison, decides to play hooky and go to the woodstock festival nearby where, horror of horrors, she witnesses her own mom making out with the blouse salesman! what's a girl to do? well, stay tuned for the grand finale when all the parties are happily reunited by the little son's bedside when he is stung by wasps and the salesman comes to apply some home remedy, and daddy is called from the city, after knowing about pearl's betrayal with the younger stud.poor diane lane, she went to make "unfaithful" later on, which is the upscale version of this dud. viggo mortensen is the salesman who caters to his lonely female customers whispering little somethings in their ears! liev schreiber as marty, the cuckolded husband, doesn't have much to do. anna paquin plays the rebellious alison and tovah feldshuh is the unhappy nana, who would like to have stayed in the city watching her soap operas instead of witnessing first hand one that is playing in her own backyard!watch it at your risk, or pop the dvd in the telly when you have a fun crowd at home and you really want to have a laugh, or two dishing the film.

seeing as the world snooker championship final finished in a premature and disappointing manner with ronnie o`sullivan defeating greame dott by 18 frames to 8 bbc 2 found a gap in their schedule and so decided to broadcast a walk on the moon a movie i had absolutely no knowledge offi missed a few seconds of the title credits so had no idea viggo mortensen starred in it and thought possibly it might be a cheap tvm , certainly the opening with the mawkish pearl and marty taking their kids to a summer camp has that sort of made for tv feel though the brightly lit ( too brightly lit ) cinematography seemed to suggest this was a cinematic film and it wasn`t until the appearence of viggo mortensen as hippy guy walker that i realised this was a cinema release , after all someone of mortensen`s stature wouldn`t star in a tvm , i mean that`s like a legend like robert deniro appearing in a straight to video film . wait a minute , didn`t bob .... ?some people on this site have mentioned that pearl and marty are an unconvincing on-screen couple and i agree . i can understand why pearl would be attracted to exciting hippy guy but have no idea why walker would be attracted to plain house wife pearl . the sixties was before my time but surely if you`ve got the choice between hippy chicks and bored house wives it`s not really a choice at all . mind you a lot of people took lsd in those days so i guess that explains iti feel the major problem of a walk on the moon comes down to the fact it`s a romantic drama at heart ( just like you`d expect in a tvm ) with several cloying coming of age scenes so why include a fairly explicit sex scene ? it jars with the rest of the movie and is possibly off putting to the menopuasal women who were 20 something in 1969 . i say possibly because the movie also seems to aim at a teeenage market with the coming of age scenes and those teenagers will probably be bored with the historical and social context of man walking on the moon and woodstock . in other words a walk on the moon tries to attract many types of audience but will probably appeal to none of them

recently, i had opportunity to view a working print in kansas city (olathe, ks.) of this title. it is difficult for me, being a lover of the art as i am, to report the following, but, the truth sometimes hurts, and quite frankly after sitting through this tripe (i'm using the slang definition here - worthless statements or writing) for an hour and a half, i feel obligated to share (warn) any interested parties. let's begin at the beginning, a good place to start as always. the first 15 minutes are not really that bad, a couple of laughs, and decent development, but then it is downhill from there. this is the story of a woman, in her mid thirties, that (as the writer would like for you to believe) is dissatisfied with her life and unfulfilled. the first major difficulty occurs when if you don't know that fact going into the movie, you won't know it when she suddenly risks it all for, in my opinion, a very unkempt and unlikely fling with a local salesman. there is little development (drastically insufficient development) to justify her actions for the affair she has, and when it occurs, one feels, as i did, that she is just of low moral character. the word "slut" comes to mind, hopefully, they'll let that pass the review and post the comment. this, in my opinion, is the first fatal flaw of the film. if you're married or have ever been in love, irregardless of whether you are male or female, its going to turn you off. quite frankly, i feel that it would have made a much better "blue movie" - that's the level in my opinion of which the screenplay is deserving. the second fatal flaw is the casting, diane lane just didn't work for me here, and viggo mortensen is not the right man for the job, believe me. the only saving grace to the entire film is anna paquin, the depth of her ability as a fine actress shines in places, conveying a subtle yet very blunt (i apologize for the dichotomy but it is accurate) portrayal of an emerging teen. bravo, well done. i'm not going to give the ending away, but i was disappointed, being billed as a slice of life romance is one thing... but an ending like that.... well, if that teased you enough to see this picture, don't say i didn't warn you, but you better look fast - if this celluloid is released, i doubt it goes four weeks before bursting into flames. i'd say wait for the video, but the free sex education tapes at most video rental outlets have more entertainment value. hmmm, dustin hoffman produced this, you think he'd learn after ishtar. this film once carried the working title "blouse man" and should have been left on the rack. if you've never in your life wanted to walk out on a film, give this one 35-40 minutes, the only thing worth staying for is anna paquin, if you can stomach the fact that you'll find your mind drifting to whether or not you took out the garbage before you left home, which is probably where you should have stayed in the first place if you're off to the movies to see this one. that's my two cents, for what it is worth.

any movie that portrays the hard-working responsible husband as the person who has to change because of bored, cheating wife is an obvious result of 8 years of the clinton era.it's little wonder that this movie was written by a woman.

why do people who do not know what a particular time in the past was like feel the need to try to define that time for others? replace woodstock with the civil war and the apollo moon-landing with the titanic sinking and you've got as realistic a flick as this formulaic soap opera populated entirely by low-life trash. is this what kids who were too young to be allowed to go to woodstock and who failed grade school composition do? "i'll show those old meanies, i'll put out my own movie and prove that you don't have to know nuttin about your topic to still make money!" yeah, we already know that. the one thing watching this film did for me was to give me a little insight into underclass thinking. the next time i see a slut in a bar who looks like diane lane, i'm running the other way. it's child abuse to let parents that worthless raise kids. it's audience abuse to simply stick woodstock and the moonlanding into a flick as if that ipso facto means the film portrays 1969.

here again is yet another diane lane movie where she cheats on her husband. is this the only role she knows how to play? this time it's set in 1969 and she cheats on her husband with the blouse man. i am so not surprised because that is so very predictable. then her husband gets mad and throws the milk. i wouldn't be surprised if she slept with the milkman as well. i wouldn't be surprised if she slept with the ice cream man too because this is a very boring movie. then after some milk throwing, she says sorry and sees the blouse man again. duh. then while she is making it with him, her son gets stung by wasps. my mom always told me not to throw rocks at a wasps nest. this kids mom didn't have time to tell him that, she was too busy with the blouse man.

sorry fulci fans, but i could not get through this one. the soundtrack was about as annoying as they come, the acting was puerile, the story has been done and done, and the direction was non-existent. massacre honestly looked like a children's film project. but i've seen some of those, and they actually look better than this did! it appears to have been so underfunded they couldn't afford ... anything! not a dop, not a director, no one who even remotely had a clue what acting was. it was a very poor cinematic experience; one of my worst.this was about the worst suck-fest i've seen, next to terror toons which is second only to killer klowns from outer space. i've nothing else to say about it.it rates a 0.1/10 from...the fiend :.

in case half of this film's footage looks strangely familiar, it means you watch way too much of this gory italian cult-crap! for you see, the notorious demigod lucio fulci did not only produce this movie, he also took the liberty of re-using the most sadistic killing sequences in his own (and more easily traceable) "cat in the brain". the opening scene already, in which a prostitute is brutally decapitated with an axe, features in fulci's later film and so do another handful of killings and sleaze moments. andrea bianchi's "masssacre" fails miserably as a giallo, since the search for the sadistic killer among a movie-crew shooting a horror movie is all but compelling and suspenseful, but it's still good entertainment if you're into cheap 'n shlocky horror trash. the incoherent script introduces a whole bunch of repugnant characters who're all potential maniacs, but none of the red herrings biachi comes up with are plausible and you can point out the killer almost immediately. whatever remains to enjoy are the truly misogynous make-up effects and the hilariously awful acting performances of the ensemble cast. whenever there isn't any bloodshed on screen, like between the first and second murder, "massacre" is a slow and almost intolerable with its inane dialogs and thoroughly unexciting photography. thankfully in the second half, there are women getting impaled on fences and males being stabbed repeatedly with rusty spikes. the music is crap and the use of filming locations is very unimaginative. my advise would be to skip this puppy and go straight for the aforementioned "cat in the brain". that one features all the great moments of "massacre", and then some.

prior to this film, i had only seen two films by director andrea bianchi: the trashy zombie flick le notti del terrore (1981), famous amongst horror fans for its unforgettable performance from man-child peter bark, and the enjoyably sleazy giallo strip nude for your killer. neither film was a particularly spectacular piece of cinema, but both were entertaining in their own special way (and the fact that they featured plenty of gore and nudity didn't hurt). massacre, however, is dull, dull, dull, despite quite a bit of splatter and the odd spot of gratuitous bare flesh.the story, about a series of murders in a hotel where the cast and crew of a horror film are residing during their shoot, is confusing and oh-so boring: when the blood isn't flowing and the skin isn't on show, the film is a real struggle to sit through (it took me four attempts to finish), with endless scenes of unlikeable characters bickering among themselves and doing very little of note.the only point of interest about the film is that its producer, lucio fulci, used several of its death scenes to pad out his mega-gory movie cat in the brain (aka nightmare concert). and if you've already seen that film, then there is very little reason to bother with massacre.

massacre is a film directed by andrea bianchi (burial ground) and produced by legendary italian horror director lucio fulci. now with this mix of great talent you would think this movie would have been a true gore fest. this could not be further from that. massacre falls right on its face as being one of the most boring slasher films i have seen come out of italian cinema. i was actually struggling to stay awake during the film and i have never had that problem with italian horror films.massacre starts out with a hooker being slaughtered on the side of the road with an ax. this scene was used in fulci's nightmare concert. this isn't a bad scene and it raises your expectations of the movie as being an ax wielding slaughter. unfortuanitly, the next hour of the movie is so boring. the movie goes on to a set of a horror film being filmed and there is a lot of character development during all these scenes but the characters in the movie are so dull and badly acted your interest starts to leak away. the last 30 minutes of the movie aren't so bad but still could have been much better. the gore in the movie was pathetic and since fulci used most of the gore scenes in nightmare concert there was nothing new here. the end of the movie did leave a nice twist but there was still to much unanswered and the continuity falls right through the floor.this wasn't a very good film but for a true italian horror freak (like myself) this movie is a must have since it is very rare. 4/10 stars

kevin spacey is very talented, but unfortunately directing is not his forte. i had high expectations about the film before i rented it and maybe that is why i disliked it so much. i admire spacey's attempt at making a film that takes place mostly in one small setting, but it's not the attempt that counts. i found the film dull, boring, and stretched out. the acting was nothing spectacular. gary sinise has done much better, especially since he is conscious in most of his other films. skeet ulrich was disappointing, but this was one of his first films (i did get a kick out of how young and chubby this scream star looked). the only thing that impressed me about this film was the one shot of the car wreck from above. the center line of the road was perfectly centered and the camera moved on along the line and past the wreck. however, that shot was very "usual suspects"ish and my guess is spacey got the idea from that earlier film of his (which is very good mind you). if you want to see a fabulous film that takes place in one small setting, watch hitchcock's lifeboat. maybe spacey should have watched it before filming this.

a trio of low-life criminals, led by matt dillon, botches a late-night burglary. they flee but quickly cross paths with the police who just happen to be in hot pursuit of a terrorist. of course the police mistake the burglar gang for the terrorist, the real terrorist gets away, and the burglars are forced to take refuge in a small dive of a bar, taking hostages, unaware why the police are so intent on catching them. and guess who else has picked the bar as a sanctuary for the night?unbelievable? absolutely. and it goes down hill from there. spacey did acquire a good bit of acting talent; matt dillon, faye dunaway, gary sinise, viggo mortensen, and m. emmett walsh, but they're all wasted. mostly because after all the characters get stuck in the bar, all they do for the remainder of the film is argue. endlessly and aimlessly. long before the conclusion of the film you've stopped giving a damn about what happens to them.

by dane youssefa gang of crooks. the perfect plan. it all goes wrong. they're in trouble. the police are outside. they're cornered. what are they gonna do now?sound familiar?the movie seems like it's trying to be a combination of the acting workshop, the "indie" film and the theater.it's the kind of things that actors love--it's kind of like a workshop or a play because it mostly consists of tight focusing on the actors acting... acting angry, tense, scared, conversing, scheming, planning--giving the performers a lot of free range to really ham it all up.a trio of crooks, one leader, one goon, one brother, come up with a big heist scheme... and a monkey wrench is thrown into the works. to top things off, there's a bit of a "fender-bender" and one of the crooks in flung through the back of the windshield.the cops are on their tail and they stumble into a bar named poetically (and leadenly) "dino's last chance."spacey, as a director, tries to keep the focus on the actors' performances and delivery of dialouge. he pans over to a bright passion-red cigarette ad of a smoking and smoldering bogart. and he keeps all the violence off-screen, really.i think that was a mistake. focusing on the intensity and gruesome violent scenes would have given the movie some edge.the problem with the movie is that it moves too slow and suffers from miscasting in almost every role. matt dillon ("drugstore cowboy" and "wild things") seems too young and too idealistic to be the leader of this gang.gary sinese seems to brooding and deep in thought to be a spineless tag-along with these guys and joe mantaga is effective as the traditional routine foul-swearing mad-dog police lieutenant who's all thumbs, but he isn't given anything to really do here.william fischter is the only actor who is believable in his role as a brainless grunt who just wants to spill blood.and the crooks are in a tense situation where they either go to jail or they try to think of some way out of this.spacey lacks the ability to create a lot of tension and keep it going. the characters are mostly chatting away, trying to think of a plan... and they're to calm and too articulate. there's even a scene where the crooks are playing pool with a whole swarm of armed cops right outside, ready to strike. at one point, one of the crooks even call the police who are right outside the bar. oh brother. oh bother.these cops are going to either blow them away or going to lock them up. shouldn't the holed-up crooks be a little scared, a little uneasy? meanwhile, all the real action is happening inside.someone whips out a gun, a baseball bat, which leads to an ugly confrontation off-screen and there's one more casualty that happens that's... well, kinda sad. but...faye dunaway also should have spent more time with a dialect coach, improving on her new orleans accent. skeet ullrich is fine in a smaller part.a cop listening in reaches for a pack of matches at the absolute worst time is a nice look. and so is a scene where someone goes right through the rear windshield. the dialouge is obviously trying to go for a david mamet approach and it's as profane, but never as realistic or as insightful.the movie feels like too much of what it really is... a really low-budget movie with an actor behind the camera for the first time directing other actors from a script that's "not bad, but needs a few more re-writes." spacey shows he's not a terrible director, but he lacks a sort of feel for "shaping a movie" and it feels like he's just filming actors act.these actors are all talented and could work with the material, but they all feel out of place. as i said before, the movie really suffers from miscasting. i don't mean that the wrong actors were cast. i think they found just the right cast, but placed them in all the wrong roles. i think switching some of the roles would've helped immensely.having veteran mob actor joe mantagna play the leader of the pack, gary sinese as the angry police lieutenant outside on his bullhorn giving orders and barking at his troops, keeping fischter in his "bloodthirsty goon" part and matt dillion as the sacrificial lamb. that would have been a big improvement.when some actors direct, it works. they can even win oscars for it. but a lot of the time, when actors direct, they have a tendency to just focus on the performances. just shoot the actors acting.sometimes it works... but they need a good showcase for it. an excuse for it.hostage situations are all pretty much the same in real life just like coming-of-age stories so it's only natural that movies about them will go from point a to point b as well.there are a few really great entries into this genre.' spacey himself appeared in a similar movie about hostage situations: "the negotiator."this certainly won't become a cult classic, let alone one of afi's 100. still, it does have a few nice moments and personal touches, but in the end, it's instantly forgettable and the kind of movie that would play best on regular tv. it's just not worth going out of your way to see.i give a 3 out of 10. spacey's other directorial credit, "beyond the sea" was reportedly a better effort. hmmm... maybe it's true. you need to fail before you succeed.by dane youssef

on the face of it, this should be a great film, a great cast, a plot with many possibilities and one of hollywood's finest behind the camera for the first time.however, its clear why it was another 8 years before spacey decided to try directing a movie again. this movie fails on so many levels. in a film where there is not much action and most of the scenes are shot in a couple of locations, it is imperative that suspense and continuity are provided by the director. not so here, the great cast is horribly under-used, none more so than the great, late john spencer, the plot is so run of the mill and nothing you haven't seen in a hundred other tv movies. there is so little character development you end up not caring for any of the protagonists. at least we know spacey has a lot of mates and clout in hollywood studios to get away with a poor flick like this

although it has been 2 years, i still remember the complete waste that comprises the entire plot of the movie. unfortunately, i came across this movie after my friends and i selected it while browsing through the new releases at blockbuster. we decided to pick the movie because it was the only one we all had not seen and it sounded like it may be enjoyable. although it has been quite some time since i viewed the movie, i still remember the lack of plot (seriously, there is no true plot), and complete waste of time that was spent watching the movie. if you are in the video store and this film catches your eye, walk on and find a better movie. if you did end up seeing this movie, i understand your pain :)

i saw this movie on t.v. this afternoon and i can't see how anyone can sit through this piece of trash. it's not funny at all and it takes your i.q. down a few notches. i know this movie is for kids, but that doesn't mean the writers should take their intelligence for granted. i bet that writers were sitting around a large wooden table and figured that a) the word "poop" equals big laugh. b) a four foot tall kid can dunk on a ten foot tall basketball net. c) kids should always fight kidnappers armed with guns because the kidnappers will fall for anything and d) 3 months of karate training is all you need to beat up so-called "ninjas" with swords. one good thing i can say about this movie is it contains the weakest suburban "gang" in the world that couldn't scare anybody. maybe the guys at mst3k could use this movie for a good laugh. don't bother with this lame-ass excuse for a movie.

oh my god! this movie insults the intelligence of everybody. i mean really, who thinks three kids can fight 30 to 40 ninjas and win. not to mention the brainless humor thrown in. this film is baaaaaaaaaaaaaad. the movie is an omen, the only thing it's good for is a time killer or unintentional laughs.

serious home alone/karate kid knock off with enough bad character stereotypes to have the writer sued and then shot. you could see blatant stunt man usage in almost every scene. oh, and the acting sucks too. although i must say that the line: "sorry, dude, i have to take a major dump big time" made me laugh my ass off.

i remember when this came out a lot of kids were nuts about it. i guess i was a bit too old to get all excited and i was a fan of real martial arts films and always found this a bit cheesy.in the early 90's we were swamped with programs such as this making kids feel like they could fight and be a power ranger or an equal to these kids on 3 ninjas. i think eventually parents and film makers alike got sick of it because all we had in reality was abunch of kids going around punching and hitting everyone.many kids movies have some big point they're trying to make and its nice for your kids to watch and get the message, this one doesn't have any message at all...it just exploits a million difference things in less than 90 minutes.the movie has no great visual qualities but would one expect it to? the acting is pretty bad. victor wong is a cool actor but it was embarrassing to see him here.. the short, fat, gimped eyed old fart as a powerful ninja that was just hilarious. the kids over acted way too much and the youngest ninja tum tum was maybe the worst kid actor i have ever seen.the movie has a plot that anyone knows before they even read the review. 3 ninjas...yea you know they're gonna fight a bunch of bad guys and win obviously... need i say more. sorry if i spoiled it for anyone.with all that said kids will love it. this movie is aimed at kids and only children could enjoy it. if you don't mind your kid seeing movies about kids fighting this is a good movie to let them see. if you don't mind allowing your children to see complete garbage that has nothing to do with real martial arts, real acting or reality period then you have found a movie for your kids... i say kids because i think even the girls will like it... i recall all the girls having a crush on rocky.2 out of 10 stars because i think you can make a movie for kids and still make it enjoyable for adults..this movie failed big time at that.. it is beyond cheesy and nothing original or unique and i would not allow a child of mine to watch it... kung fu the tv series is on dvd and there's tons of great shaw brothers films out there...why not show your children things that will really entertain them and not make them dumb along the way, perhaps even teach them some moves and not just how to kick a man between the legs as grandpa did on 3 ninjas...no no no...never kick a man between the legs ...never .. thats so unninja like.

mimicking its long title the movie finds ways to come close to the 90' mark. the beautiful sets are here with all that made the hamer production values a trademark, yet paris drowned in the fog is a sign of indolent neglect. the story is obvious and can be summed up in a dozen words so there comes nothing unexpected and nothing worth more than 5% of your attention to be expected.the directing is heavy as a direct transfer from the stage play, actors are mostly stiff as wax figures (ok this is a hamer feature, only it's sometimes better featured in the whole package). my conclusion: this movie is trash, not worth the time i spend that evening. eternal life is a boring matter and i should have hoped the guys in charge of programming at the cinemathèque would have known better.

...because 99 out of 100 times, the producers lied through their teeth (or someone else's) to get you to rent or buy their *mercifully censored*.shock-o-rama cinema proves the truth of this yet one more time with the release of "feeding the masses," a possibly well-intentioned but utterly inept and dismal entry into the zombie genre. folks, this is not only low-budget film-making, this is very low-budget film-making by a bunch of people who--i'm sorry, i know they have families who love them--will never, ever be in variety in any significant fashion. this is one baaaaaaaaaad mooin' pitcher, folks, and not just because it's cheap.the acting is mediocre, but i don't blame the actors; they had no direction. they had no direction because the script was a half-baked zombie fantasy with no sense of real cinematic storytelling. characterization is thin at best, no thanks to weak dialogue and soporific direction. have i mentioned yet that the script and the direction are pretty lame? they are. there's no drama, no tension, no great character moments, nothing. the whole premise of government suppression of the media is squandered on sophomoric "commercial breaks" and an undramatic storyline that defies rational analysis and awkwardly shambles to its ridiculous finish. syd fields would not be pleased.how could the government suppress the truth of a virulent zombie epidemic when the reality of it would be apparent everywhere? why would they give it more than a cursory try? in this day and age of cellphone cameras with wireless access, what could they possibly hope to accomplish for more than a day or so at best? now, if they were covering something up, like their own culpability....but "feeding the masses" never explores such possibilities. instead, it dwells on absurdity and poorly staged events to dig for laughs and/or significance, praying its audience won't notice the near total lack of production value beyond basic film-making equipment. did anyone in this film get paid? i hope the actors did, if only for their time wasted on career blind alleys like this one; at least the techies got to rack up some legitimate work experience.even zombie fans will find little to gain from "feeding the masses." the gore is remarkably tame for no-budgeters of its rank, and there are no distinctive set pieces or memorable effects. they're all eminently forgettable, in fact. knb has nothing to fear.even junk like the aussie stillbirth "undead" was miles ahead of "feeding the masses." sorry, guys, back to the drawing boards, and take your deceptive marketing with you.

please, for the love of god, don't watch it. now saying that, i know what you're thinking, it can't be that bad can it? if everyone says it as bad as they say, i have to watch it! don't do it! it'll be like looking at a horrible accident involving little babies and a gasoline tanker! you'll be scarred for life...the image will never leave you! i could only watch a half hour of this before becoming violently sick. the acting is the worst i've ever seen, and i've seen barbwire!!! if you do risk ripping your eyes out and rent this movie...don't say i haven't warned you! the cover and storyline are a trap!! zombies? satire? shaun of the dead was great! this movie must be the same....right? no!! the writing = crap directing = garbage acting = there was no acting. still not convinced? then forever your soul will be tormented!!!

this is quite possibly the worst acting i have ever seen in a movie... ever. and what is up with the casting. the leading lady in this movie has some kind of nose dis-figuration and is almost impossible to look at for any period of time without becoming fixated on her nose. you could go to your local grocery store on a sunday afternoon and easily find 50 more qualified, better looking possible leading ladies. i made the unfortunate mistake of renting this movie because it had a "cool" dvd case. this movie looks like it is just some class project for a group of multimedia students at a local technical college. i would rather have spent the hour or so that this movie was on watching public access television... at least the special effects are better and the people on there are more attractive than anyone you will see in this film

some news reporters and their military escorts try to tell the truth about a epidemic of zombies, despite the 'government controlling the media'. the makings of the film don't understand that the george romero zombie films only worked because he kept his politics subtly in the background of most of his films ("land of the dead" withstanding). this satire is about as subtle as a brick to the face or a bullet to the head is more apropos for this scenario. what's subversive or subtle about seeing a military guy masturbating to death and destruction? anything nuanced about the various commercials that are inter-cut with the film? nope. furthermore the acting is uniformly horrible, the characters thoroughly unlikable, and the plot inane. add this all up and you have the worst, most incompetent zombie film since, "c.h.u.d. 2" reared it's hideous head.my grade: d

feeding the masses was just another movie trying to make a little money off of the zombie craze that is going around, mostly due to the popularity of movies such as land of the dead and the resident evil series.it starts at a television station, which is guarded by the military, and are reporting that the lazarus virus (zombies) are close to containment and the city will soon be free to do their business again. the problem is, this is totally false. zombies are running rampantly and only a small minority of people are aware. among them are torch (william garberina), the camera man, sherry (rachael morris), the lead anchor woman (who for some reason is listed as playing shelly on this website) and roger (patrick cohen), their military escort. torch and sherry are against lying to the people but the station is being run by secret service (or some other government agency) and they are heavily censored.this movie gives itself a pat on the back on the box-cover saying "we hold feeding the masses on a higher level than any o the three 'of the dead' films by george a. rombero." the source of that quote has lost all credibility with me.let me just say that this movie is bad. i don't mean bad like i was expecting more (i obviously was, though) but i mean bad in that i could not find any redeeming qualities in the film, whatsoever. the acting in all parts are either over done or too wooden. did anybody remember their lines or are they reading off of cue cards? i can't even think of what the best part of the movie was or the best actor/actress. there really was not one. if i had to give a nod to someone, i would say roger, the military escort was probably the most interesting character but that is really not saying much.i would have to recommend to pass on this movie, despite the box-cover looking pretty good (it's what originally drew me to the movie). 3/10

this movie was bad from the start. the only purpose of the movie was that angela wanted to get a high body count. the acting was horrible. the killings were acted out very badly. like when ally got stuffed down that toilet i guess it was in the abandoned cabin. but when the end of the movie comes and molly and the other guy are in the cabin you see ally so angela must have gone in to get her. the part that really got me was when the black girl and angela were in the cabin and angela took the guitar string and chocked her. one it was horrible acting and two why wouldn't you just turn around and punch the bitch?!?!? then when molly is getting chased by angela if you have the neigh why not just turn around and stab her??? so stupid. this movie sucked...

this is an immoral and reprehensible piece of garbage, that no doubt wants to be a friday the 13th (1980) clone. the poster for this movie makes it look like there's going to be some sort of a cross between jason and freddy, which is likely to attract movie-goers. there is nothing good or entertaining about this movie about this movie. it just makes me sad, just thinking that some people are going to stumble upon sleepaway camp ii: unhappy campers (1988) on video or dvd, and waste their time with this sad, cynical, depressing movie.angela baker (pamela springsteen) is a camp counselor at camp rolling hills, who hopes that the other campers are as nice as she is, and that they stay out of trouble. meanwhile, the other campers are realizing that people are disappearing one by one, with angela making up the excuse that she had to send them home. could angela be the killer, who was once a man, who underwent a sex change operation years earlier? who knows? who cares?the 1980s was home to a lot of movies that made the cross between the mad slasher and dead teenager genres, in which a mad killer goes berserk. some have a plot, some don't, but they're all about as bad as this one. sleepaway camp ii: unhappy campers is 80 minutes of teenagers being introduced and then being stabbed, strangled, impaled, chopped up, burned alive, and mutilated. that's all this movie is. it is just mindless, bloody violence.watching this movie, i was reminded of the friday the 13th movies, in which the message for its viewers was that the primary function of teenagers is to be hacked to death. the filmmakers of sleepaway camp ii have every right to be ashamed of themselves. imagine the sick message that this movie offers for its teen viewers: "the world is a totally evil place," this movie tells you, " and it'll kill you. it doesn't matter what your dreams or your hopes are. it doesn't matter if you have a new boyfriend, or a new girlfriend. it doesn't matter what you think, what you do or what your plans for the future are. you can forget those plans, because you're just going to wind up dead." and the sickest thing is--and by not giving too much away--the movie simply sets up room for a sequel. well, why not? they've probably and already taken the bucket to the cesspool by making three or four of these movies. i missed out on the original sleepaway camp (1983), and, after watching its first sequel, i will hopefully stay away from the other sequels, as well as the original. and for parents, if you know kids who actually like this movie, do not let them date your children.

no wonder pamela springsteen gave up acting to become a full-time photographer; it's a much better idea to have her behind a camera than in front of one. while this movie is not without its interesting elements (mullets from hell, etc.), it is outweighed by flaws. for one thing, angela, the murderous counselor, appears to be about the same age as the campers. having an older, more threatening camp director would have done a lot for the film. and then you have the murder scenes. the budget was apparently too low to execute most of them properly (no pun intended), although drowning someone in an outhouse toilet is certainly original. but overall, there are a ton of movies out there that are scarier/more fun to spend an hour and a half of your life watching.

being a slasher film aficionado, i typically will settle in to watch every slash movie that passes over my retinas, which sometimes does more harm than good to my brain, i will say. while channel surfing the other night, sleepaway camp ii happened to cross paths with me. of course, i wanted to check it out, as i had heard of the sleepaway camp franchise, but have never actually seen any of them (for shame, i know). i will note that since i have not seen the original, my criticism should probably not be taken too seriously, because perhaps what i think is wrong with it is totally intentional by the franchise's own design.now i'm assuming that the franchise of sleepaway camp is, in itself, a joke on itself. hell, even the name comes off as an intentional joke. sleep away camp? it's good fun. i can appreciate the film for wanting to just put together something for pure camp horror value, but that's about as far as i can go. the acting in this movie made the cast of the original friday the 13th look like thespians doing a rendition of macbeth. campy requires bad acting, but come on. pamela springsteen as the evil out-of-touch-with-reality killer did a better job of killing off my interest than she did killing off the entire cast. as far as comedy goes, there were a few times where i chuckled, but it was few and far between.ultimately, sac ii is pretty boring, and i really did want to sleep away the camp. the deaths are so obviously staged and fake that you can barely appreciate them. if you're looking for a slasher film comedy with good camp, i recommend club dread. if your channel surfing takes you across this one, check and see what else is on.

after the debacle of the first sleepaway camp, who thought that a franchise could be born. sc ii is superior in aspect. more inspired killings and just whole lot more fun. while that might not be saying much (compared to the first movie), sleepaway camp ii is worth the rental.pros: entertaining, doesn't take itself too seriously like sc i. inspired killings. cons: crappy acting and mullets abound.bottom line: 5/10

me and my friend rented this movie for $2.50. and we both agree on one thing:this is the worst movie ever made!also me and my friend counted 475 face shots. (which makes up 95% of the movie).so in other words: do see this movie unless you like wasting money! and i do!

this is a big step down after the surprisingly enjoyable original. this sequel isn't nearly as fun as part one, and it instead spends too much time on plot development. tim thomerson is still the best thing about this series, but his wisecracking is toned down in this entry. the performances are all adequate, but this time the script lets us down. the action is merely routine and the plot is only mildly interesting, so i need lots of silly laughs in order to stay entertained during a "trancers" movie. unfortunately, the laughs are few and far between, and so, this film is watchable at best.

why review good movies when you can review "trancers ii?"ooh, this film is soooo lame. i can just picture the cast and crew driving around l.a. with a camcorder, hurling extras in silly monster make-up at poor, long-suffering tim thomerson. the stars' families actually turn up to play cameos, probably because full moon couldn't afford "real" extras. lame effects, lame sets, and a script so convoluted it would take eons to untie all the knots - this must be classic trancers!and yet...and yet...it rules. note this is the same thing i say about "trancers iv." i say it because it's true. what can beat watching an old guy in a trench coat mow down zombies, then bust out with quips like, "don't worry ladies, they're bio-degradable"? well, lots of things could be better, but anyway this is still good stuff.my only significant reservation is megan ward, who really stinks up the joint. she's a lousy rival for helen hunt's character - they're both young pieces of eye candy, and it would've been more effective if they actually contrasted a bit more. oh well, you can't have everything. at least the wonderful plot device of the "long second watch" is back in place, and we've got more of hap ashby, the least-convincing athlete in the history of cinema (oh, wait a minute - he's got a rival in the form of david ogden steirs in "creator").i haven't seen this lately, but i do seem to remember that martine beswick runs away twice during the final battle. hooray for lousy continuity! just one of the many highlights in this fine film.

the original trancers is not by any means a great movie. it had massive plot holes and very little in the way of internal logic. however, it was entertaining, better done than most low-budget b-movies, and could be surprisingly witty. unfortunately, trancers ii is none of these.trancers ii suffers from many of the same problems of most flop sequels. the plot is thin enough to see through and the writing is insipid. it seems that the people behind this movie felt that bringing the familiar faces of the first movie back would be enough, and didn't bother with anything else. not even veteran b-grade actors like tim thomerson and jeffery combs were able to drag this film out of the muck.a brief plot overview: jack deth (thomerson) is a cop from the future who was sent to 1985 to save the ancestors of members of his government. trancers ii takes place six years after the events of the first trancers. jack deth is married to lena (helen hunt), the woman he met in the first movie, and both live with hap ashby, the man deth was sent into the past to protect. it is discovered that the brother of whistler (the bad guy from the first movie) has traveled back in time to create an army of trancers, people turned into mindless killing zombies, to kill ashby. complicating jack's mission is the fact that his first wife, who had died long before jack traveled to the past, was also sent back to stop whistler's brother, and now jack finds himself working with her.i have two real problems with this movie. one is that the method of creating trancers in this movie is radically different from the methods used in the first movie. what makes it annoying is that, in a rather poor example of soviet revisionism, they act like it was always the technique.the other thing that annoys me is that the love triangle between deth, lena, and alice stilwell (jack's first wife) is given very little screen time. this bothered me particularly because it was much more interesting than the actual plot of the movie. it felt like it was just something that was thrown in to fill space in the movie. alice's character in particular seems very unconcerned with the fact that she is reunited with her husband only to find he's re-married, making her either very shallow or very poorly written.the only reason i can think of for watching this movie is if you're interested in watching the entire trancers series (currently totaling six movies). otherwise, even if you're a fan of the original trancers, stay away from this tepid sequel.

since the 70s, writer/producer/director charles band has been responsible for literally hundreds of science-fiction, fantasy and horror b-movies. some of them are wonderful examples of how to use a tiny budget to maximum effect; many of them are pretty bad. trancers (1985) was one of those rare gems.a terminator style tale of time-travel and action, trancers saw tim thomerson playing jack deth, a future cop given the task of tracking down bad-guy whistler, who travels into the past by inhabiting the body of an ancestor. whistler is capable of controlling other humans with his psychic powers, converting them into obedient zombies (the 'trancers' of the title), and attempts to alter the course of history by killing off the ancestors of the leaders of the future. jack follows him to 1985, determined to stop him.in this 1991 sequel, jack is still living in 1985. having destroyed whistler, he has settled down and married leena (helen hunt), the young woman who helped him succeed in the first movie. but, for jack, things don't stay calm for long, and trouble appears in the form of whistler's brother, e.d. wardo, who is trying to build a trancer army.trancers ii lacks the charm and simplicity of the original and is a huge disappointment considering how good the original was. the story is difficult to pick up if you haven't seen the first film (or at least not for a long while), and there is loads of unimpressive action and a few poor special effects. gone is the inventiveness and wit that made trancers so much fun; instead we get some cheesy one-liners and a script that feels like it was written on-the-fly.about the only reason i can give for recommending this film to fans of the genre is the cast, which boasts many names that will be familiar to followers of sci-fi and horror movies: jeffrey combs, barbara crampton, richard lynch, martine beswicke. unfortunately, most of them seemed to be having an 'off day' whilst filming trancers ii, and performances are mediocre at best.the trancers series obviously has its fans; four further sequels have since been churned out. unless the quality has taken up massive upward swing, i can't imagine them being any good.

annie's wig does not look good. she is not cute and pretty enough to play annie. annie sticks out in the movie, as her outfits look like halloween costumes. terrible acting and terrible plots. this movie is such a change from the 1982 version. i think that a younger and smaller girl should have had the lead role. ashley johnson portrays a very boyish annie. not appealing at all. at least the casting director got it right with daddy warbucks. ms. hannigan was also miscast. camilla belle played molly alright. "warning" this movie might insult your iq so you might just want to only show it to very young children. 8 and younger. some of the plots are too fictional and could hardly take place in the real world.

not even worth watching this tacky spoiler ruins everything about 'annie'. the characters seem almost cheapened by the poorly written storyline and they low quality feeling to the production. it was very clearly made for tv, yet if i found it on my television, i would flick it straight over. the children in the film do an alright job, yet the adults acting is unbelievable and so the movie fails to really draw you in. this film lacked the music/dance numbers thats made the original brilliant and truly does take the shine of the annie we all love. johnson, as annie is at times annoying and over acted..you cannot convince yourself that she truly is annie. the differences in character appearance continued to irritate me throughout the duration of the film. sad to say this sequel was a total flop.

this film is absolutely awful, but nevertheless, it can be hilarious at times, although this humor is entirely unintentional.the plot was beyond ridiculous. i don't even think a 2 year-old would be convinced by the ludicrous idiocy that the film-makers tried to slap together into a story. however, on the positive side, some of the horrifically inane plot twists provide a great deal of humor. for example, "wow, lady hogbottom has a giant missile hidden in her back yard!" it gets worse (and even funnier), but i'll spare you.the acting is generally laughable. most of the kids' roles are sort of cute, but not very believable. on the other hand, annie is pretty awful all-around. the adults don't take their roles seriously at all, but this is largely a good thing. if they'd tried to be believable, the film would've been even worse. which is difficult to imagine.once you get past the overall crappiness of the movie, there are actually a few standout moments of almost-not-crappiness. the scene where lady hogbottom's son runs away with the maid is surprisingly hilarious, though it's an annoying letdown when they get caught by the police. the butler character, while very minor, is a ray of sunlight that almost, but never quite pierces through the gloom.watching this movie actually caused me physical pain. nevertheless, there were a few redeeming parts that made it almost watchable without beginning to hemorrhage internally. judged on its good parts alone, the movie would be about a 5; unfortunately, the rest of the movie hardly deserves a 1. thus, i give it a 3.that's being pretty generous, i'd say.

years ago, when i was a poor teenager, my best friend and my brother both had a policy that the person picking the movie should pay. and, while i would never pay to see some of the crap they took me to, i couldn't resist a free trip to the movies! that's how i came to see crap like the second conan movie and never say never again! now, despite this being a wretched movie, it is in places entertaining to watch--in a brain dead sort of way. and, technically the stunts and camera-work are good, so this elevates my rating all the way to a 2! so why is the movie so bad? well, unlike the first rambo movie, this one has virtually no plot, rambo himself only says about 3 words (other than grunts and yells), there is a needless and completely irrelevant and undeveloped "romance" and the movie is one giant (and stupid) special effect. and what stupifyingly awful special effects. while 12383499143743701 bullets and rockets are shot at rambo, none have any effect on him and almost every bullet or arrow rambo shoots hits its mark! and, while the bad guys are using ak-47s, helicopters and rockets, in some scenes all rambo had is a bow and arrows with what seem like nuclear-powered tips!! the scene where the one bad guy is shooting at him as he slowly and calmly launches one of these exploding arrows is particularly made for dumb viewers! it was wonderfully parodied in uhf starring weird al. plus, hot shots, part deux also does a funny parody of the genre--not just this stupid scene.all-in-all, a movie so dumb and pointless, it's almost like self-parody!

this movie is a joke and must be one of the worst movies stallone ever made. this is a typical 80s movie where you have one man destroying the whole army by himself. "first blood pt. 2" is very similar to schwarzenegger's "commando", but there you have arnold killing the terrorist while here you have a specific nation showed as the bad guys. this movie is a typical american anti-soviet propaganda. true, this was the peak of the cold war, but i'm sick of having communists or the nazis always being shown as the enemy. there are so many american movies that have this one thing in common. why can't there a movie that show americans as the enemy? who's going to believe that one lone soldier will destroy the whole army? do you really think that something like this would have really happened? by the looks of it, an average, brain washed american viewer certainly would.

george p. cosmatos' "rambo: first blood part ii" is pure wish-fulfillment. the united states clearly didn't win the war in vietnam. they caused damage to this country beyond the imaginable and this movie continues the fairy story of the oh-so innocent soldiers. the only bad guys were the leaders of the nation, who made this war happen. the character of rambo is perfect to notice this. he is extremely patriotic, bemoans that us-americans didn't appreciate and celebrate the achievements of the single soldier, but has nothing but distrust for leading officers and politicians. like every film that defends the war (e.g. "we were soldiers") also this one avoids the need to give a comprehensible reason for the engagement in south asia. and for that matter also the reason for every single us-american soldier that was there. instead, rambo gets to take revenge for the wounds of a whole nation. it would have been better to work on how to deal with the memories, rather than suppressing them. "do we get to win this time?" yes, you do.

an offensively over-the-top action adventure,first blood part ii seemed to catch the mood of the us at the time of it's release in the mid-80's,with right-wing reaganism and virulent anti-red feelings still not finished yet,though the emergence of a certain mikhail gorbachev in the heart of the 'evil empire' in moscow would soon render these types of films redundant;even reagan himself eventually admitted this truism.in that sense,we can be most grateful to 'gorby',not for his disarmament treaties with the us,nor his policies of 'glasnost',or even his support of democracy being restored to the eastern european countries in the former soviet union's backyard.no,it's the final diminution of foolish,jingoistic,bloated cold-war adventures like this.the first rambo film was hardly perfect,though at least was a mildly literate and adequate action thriller with a not too bad storyline.in this sequel,any sense of even the remotest conviction is instantly jettisoned for silly,senseless plotting and incident in which rambo single-handedly takes on scores of brainlessly stereotyped vietnamese and russian troops to rescue american pow's ten years after the conflict ended,with the americans on the losing side.perhaps the reason why the film was a huge box-office success was to let many americans wallow in fantasy;they may have lost the war,but there was still unfinished business at hand,and ludicrous comic-strip heroics with a robot-like hero killing virtually every red on sight,with as much hardware as possible,fulfilled such whimsically far-fetched ideals.this could have been entertaining on a superman/spiderman level,but sadly everything is played absolutely straight.but that is not to say that there is no humour in the film;sadly it is virtually all of the unintentional kind.the action scenes,though technically adequate,never once carry the slightest bit of conviction or persuasiveness,because they are always placed in the most spectacularly unbelievable of contexts;namely,our hero rambo is always unscathed (aside from a few cuts and bruises here and there) despite the tons of explosives,grenades,gunshots,etc.going around him.in between the mayhem,what there is of a script consists of the dullest clichés and banalities.stallone,who co-wrote the script with james cameron (a long way from the exciting terminator made the previous year),deliberately seems to have given the rambo character as little to say in understandable english,and merely comes out with moronic grunts,almost as though he has invented his own brand of patois only understandable to himself.maybe his colleague cameron was thinking of the terminator again with so little communication involved for the lead character! in this sense rambo seems even less of a human than the terminator did! the rest of the cast do little better with good actors like charles napier and richard crenna doing their admirable best with the hackneyed dialogue they are given,and steven berkoff hamming it up outrageously yet again with another of his russian kgb/red army villain roles.berkoff's overplaying is mildly enjoyable but not remotely menacing.how come that sly managed to survive berkoff's electric shock torture to kill yet more of those red commie scumbags? well,credibility is never this film's strong point.it is a work of fantasy comparable with the wizard of oz.at least that was meant to be a fantasy,and an immortal classic it turned out to be.this is only a classic of the most dismal,and indeed offensive,kind.and as for sly's climactic speech...,rather hypocritical after slaughtering all those people,eh? by the way,in the same year,he also made rocky iv..........rating:3 out of 10.

like 'first blood', this attempts to make a point about the treatment of vietnam vets, but there really isn't much time for that in between the monotonous gunfire, burnings, stabbings, torture and explosions as an impossibly indestructible rambo takes out half of asia, a ton of vietnamese soldiers, most of the russian army, various vehicles and anything else he can point a rocket launcher at. the only woman in the middle of all these boys toys is soon bumped off, allowing the testosterone to reach dangerous levels and the script to degenerate into a succession of loud noises. helpfully supplying a few hackneyed musical cues is jerry goldsmith, who carefully checks off all the clichéd themes from russian rat-a-tat to chinese ching-chang-chong just in case we don't quite understand who we're looking at. stallone has a brain in his head; this empty nonsense is beneath him.

well what i can say about this movie is that it's great to see so many asian faces. what i didn't like about the film was that it was full of stereotypes of what typical racial characters would do in their role. the asian girl without confidence who has to play someone else to get ahead, the white guy infatuated with asian culture and chooses to leave his white world behind for the land of yellow and the "keeping it real" black cab driver. plus all the coke, shanghai tang and dunkin donuts product placement was a bit too obvious. the story plot itself was fun but pretty much how i thought the story would unravel. then again when watching romantic comedies you can't expect much but then again i would have been wanted to just be surprised at least once. the parents are the best part of the flick.

in what i can say was a theft of my time i was taken to see this movie and i must say what a horrible experience. fay ann lee is a terrible actress and is unconvincing in this movie. larryjoe76 is obviously a shill reviewer. the plot is thin to say the least, the cantonese dialog is not funny. see this movie at your peril.david tang from shanghai tang should be after the movie for the little or no revenue this movie will generate. the banal plot attempts to compete with other rom-coms out there, and just blends into the scenery. it was like watching paint dry. in short this movie was a total waste of time and space. i've seen better movies on youtube.

quite simply this shouldn't have been made. it's predictable and clichéd. the on screen chemistry which made the first "my girl" so captivating is nowhere to be found here, and the acting as a whole is stilted and forced. the writing also leaves much to be desired, some of the 'memorable' lines such as "earpeircing a barbaric custom" are just shocking. where "my girl" provoked a genuine feelings of sadness and some genuinely funny moments, like so many sequels "my girl 2" tries to recreate these emotions generated by the audience, and fails miserably. maybe i'm being hard on this film because of how great the first one was, but quite honestly it insults the quality of the original with the sort of drivel this installment serves up. surely this has to come close to "son of the mask" as being one of the worst sequels of all time. in both cases, the old saying rings true; "if it ain't broke, don't fix it".

original claymation rudolph: pretty good. original frosty cartoon: needs a little work, but could be worse. but frosty and rudolph together on the fourth of july? c'mon! give me a break!!! this was one movie that shouldn't have been made. it was bad. it didn't really go for any holiday in particular, except july 4. that made it especially bad since frosty and rudolph are usually associated with the christmas season. and any movie can be ruined by too much singing. the frequent songs made this movie seem a lot longer than it really was. the movie tried mixing two familiar chirstmastime characters with an american traditional holiday (which almost seems to "limit" it to america), too many pointless songs, and a lousy plotline. the result? a bad movie that can't really be watched at any time of year. i would suggest you forgo this movie even if you like frosty and rudolph.

a concept with potential, and it was fun to see these two holiday icons together, but...rudolph's glowing nose didn't require the "explanation" offered in this film - much like the force in the star wars films didn't need the explanation of "medichlorians in the bloodstream." but mainly, the film left me cold because of winterbolt's over-complicated plot to destroy santa. he's got the power to put suggestions into people's minds, so why does he do things in such a roundabout way? breaking the magic of rudolph's nose, framing rudolph, threatening to melt the frosty family...the comedically exaggerated plots of pinky and the brain and "phineas and ferb's" dr. doofenshmirtz (which are done that way on purpose and played for laughs) seem simple and straightforward compared to winterbolt's, which we're expected to take somewhat seriously.there is a particularly (and amusingly) strange moment when a character throws her two guns at the bad guy, like boomerangs. i understand if they don't want to have guns being shot in a family film, but then why have guns in the first place?

ever since i was eight years old i have been a big wrestling fan. it didn't matter what federation i watched. wwe,wcw,uswa. to me the action is all i watched it for.may 23rd 1999. that was my 19 birthday. i ordered over the edge and i was just expecting another pay per view. but this time. i was wrong. instead that was the night one of the best wrestlers to come out of canada a true human being fell to his death due to a stunt gone wrong. not much you can do to change the situation. but what happened affter owens death made me very mad.rather then ending the pay per view and doing the right thing as human beings the wwe decided to protect what comes first and that was the money by keeping the pay per view going as if owens death never happened.i gotta tell you. vince mchmaon has made some stupid decisions in his life but this was by far the stupidest decision he ever made.and this crap with saying owen would have wanted the pay pew view to keep going. give me a break. when someone dies on a pay pew view its comon sense to stop it. thats like a police officer shooting a robber or a mugger with a run and then just leaving the man to die so he can go home and call it a day as if the mans life never mattered.but no matter what happens. owen will be missed and thanks for the memories for all the times you gave us.

not to long after jeff jarrett left the wwf for good he spoke of that night . owen hart and him where good friends and both 2nd generation wrestlers. jeff first remarks "i was literally pushed thru the curtain as my lifeless friends body was wheeled past me " . debra mcmichael( steve austin's ex wife as well as steve mondo mcmichael ex wife".) as owen hart fell, a video promo the ring was darkened, as a blue blazer (owen hart promo was played. the fall and video of owen in the ring was never showed on tv. there are a few news photos that got posted. when they came back from the video promo jim ross was talking over a all we had was a crowd shot \., he stated that owen hart as the blue blazer has fallen and doesn't look good. lawler then came back from the ring his face was ashen he told jim that the situation was very critical paramedics where working hard to revive him. rock and hhh where going there match in a private room when another referee came in and told them owen fell at first,knowing owen harts constantly being a prankster they thought it wasn't real. but both later stated that the look of the referee face said it all. in fact as he fell ,as mentioned in other post , he yelled for the referee and ring announcer to move. brother bret hart was a plane heading to la to do a angle on the tonight show , he couldn't get any of the plane phones to work, one of the captains got a message to call home something had happened. when he landed in la eric bishoff was there told him what had happened, and put him on a charter flight to kansas city to the morgue, bret even later with owens widow martha went up to the top of the arena where owen was standing. police found no foul play formerly closed as a accident .most of the information in bret harts book as well as the book by martha hart ,

this is one of the few episodes (if not the only one) with an indisputable error in its storytelling. while handling the ralphie situation christopher states that he has heard about pie-o-my's death in the fire accident. this is an important detail because in this context it is quite obvious that christopher knows from the beginning that tony is the one who must have killed ralphie. there is however no way chris could have heard about the accident. who should have told him and when? by the time he is torn out of his delirium by tony's call nobody else was informed. tony knows that - which makes it even worse! hearing christopher talk about pie- o-my's death could therefore only lead tony to the conclusion that chris himself has set the fire. given the impressively elaborate writing process as told by the writers themselves on the dvd i really wonder none of them realized the problem there. the story just doesn't work that way. unnecessary to add that i'm a huge fan of the sopranos. otherwise, i certainly wouldn't care.

i expected a bad movie, and got a bad movie. but i couldn't really imagine in my worst fantasy how bad this movie was. i don't even want to try to explain what blood surf is about. is not about blood surfing, but a big a$$ crocodile. they are complaining about the fake shark in jaws, but spielberg was wise and didn't show the shark until the end. here the crocodile is shown a lot of times, and it's the worst fake crocodile i have ever seen, and they don't try to hide it. if you want to see a good fake crocodile watch lake placid. the director had an opportunity to make a decent surf/shark movie, but he had to make a bad b-monster movie. he had the chance to make an original surf movie, but he wanted to make a monster movie. so you have understand how bad this movie is, does it have some good parts? not really, it got some nudity, and a sex scene that is taken straight out of a playboy movie. the acting isn't half bad either, and kate fischer looks good. too bad she doesn't take her top off. the lead actors aren't bad either. they had some potential. the location was beautiful and the movie start good with some nice surf scenes. the blame is on the untalented writer and director. the dialogue is some of the worst i have ever seen, and the script is really badly written, and the director got no talent what so ever, and not much of a fantasy either.don't watch it. even if you want to watch the beautiful kate fischer. it isn't worth it. watch sirens to watch kate nude, and watch lake placid if you want some good crocodile action.3/10 because i'm in a good mood, and maureen larrazabal looks good naked, and kate looks good (but is bad actress,)and dex miller, joel west and matt borlenghi did a good job with the piece of sh#t they had to work with.

blood surf aka krocodylus is a fair film that has an okay cast which includes dax miller, taryn reif, kate fischer, duncan regehr, joel west, matt borlenghi, maureen larrazabal, cris vertido, susan africa, archie adamos, rolando santo domingo, and malecio amayao. the acting by the actors is fairly good. the thrills are fairly good and some of it is surprising. the movie is filmed fairly good as well. same thing goes for the music the film is fairly interesting and the movie does keeps you going until the end. this is a fairly thrilling film. if you the the cast in the film, monsters, giant animal films, horror, thrillers, mystery, and interesting films then i recommend you to see this film today!

this film is awful. the cgi is the very cheap gray blob cgi. the crocodile looks like a large gray smudge. the worst is that no effort at all is given to making it walk or look like it is alive. it is mostly a photo-shopped cgi that is placed into scenes and you almost expect to see the hand that is moving the cgi smudge across the screen. this is one of the worst examples of cgi effects that i have ever witnessed, and i have seen lots of the very bad sci-fi channel movies.aside from the terrible lack of special effects, the cast is composed of the typical low-cost actors who probably work as waiters/waitresses at local diners while they wait for their big breaks. perhaps the most ridiculous scene in this movie is when one of the bad guys is attempting to sexually assault kate and the giant crocodile jumps straight up out of the water to the second floor of the villains headquarters and through the balcony and pulls the bad guy off kate and instead of crashing straight down through the building (and crushing kate) the croc just flies backwards at the same angle into the water. no laws of physics can apply to this movie or the special effects. at least there is honor among crocodiles.

why, o' why! ...did i pick this one up? well... i needed a no-brainer in the summer heat, and the cover looked cool.of course i should've known better. this is a really, really bad movie. and it gets embarasing when the makers know it's bad, and try cover it up by adding some sexy/beautiful women, and some sex-scenes to it. well, folks... it does'nt cut it, does it!if you would like a cool movie about a big reptile that is actually very, very good, well-played and funny: go rent lake placid! (that is an order)

***spoilers*** ***spoilers*** if one were to review the film based on the premise alone, one might think that you were looking at an average animal orientated horror flick. the plot is as follows. a group of documentary filmmakers head off to an island in order to film a documentary about surfing with sharks or blood surfing. (i live in south africa so it was released as "blood surf.") admittedly, this seems to have a somewhat interesting idea behind it which, if it were explored further, could have improved the movie somewhat. however, this is not the case as the blood surfing part of the movie is minimal due to the fact that their documentary is interrupted by a rather large salt-water crocodile.the script is absolutely terrible. a good example of this is whenever someone gets eaten by the crocodile which is a frequent occurrence in this film, no one seems to give a damn. the most anyone person did in the film was to merely toast the victim in a scene which was meant to be poignant but just ended up being laughable due to the fact that the dialogue in this film was of a highly dubious nature. another thing that really irritates about this film is the fact that they introduce characters who are totally superfluous to the film itself. they introduce a bunch of pirates who can only be seen to be adding another 10 minutes to a mercifully short film.the acting can be said to be mediocre. it probably would have been a lot more impressive if they did not have such a terrible script to work from. all in all there isn't one person who made a terrible impact on me. every single person seemed to be a watered-down caricature and in this way, not one of these actors made any sort of impact on me.the crocodile itself is said to be huge, over 31 feet exactly and this sense of size is well portrayed by the obvious fake of a crocodile that they have provided for us in the film. the crocodile's death at the end of the film is so ridiculously fake and contrived that it makes one's stomach turn. with a huge cry of bravado, the hero of the film announces that he has a plan which turns out be falling down a hill and getting the crocodile to impale himself on a luckily-placed spike at the bottom of this said hill.all in all, i would say that this film is one which has to be seen for you to believe how bad it could be. what probably seemed like a good idea at the time suffered from a terrible script and an overwhelming sense of low-budgetness which all served to create a truly awful movie.

this film is really terrible. terrible as in it is a waste of 84 minutes of your life. special effects are so terrible. the acting wasn't convincing.its about a crocodile that attack a view tourists as they are filming a documentary about "blood surfing". blood surfing is when they surf around sharks but it turns terrible wrong when a 31 foot crocodile interrupts there holiday. the sharks don't look real. the crocodile is even worse, and it gets even more pathetic when they are running away form the creature, but the crocodile gets stuck and 2 females flash it. the deaths are fake and the pirates are just to fill in time.a pointless, terrible film thats not worth seeing!!

the only real highlight in the movie is the death of the sniveling guy and the reaction of the surviving characters to it.in every other way, this film is a very lame rip-off of jaws, lake placid, and alligator, with a little bit of godzilla (1998) thrown in.as is standard for a 1990's-style horror movie, the two non-starring females each take their clothes off at least once. the female lead doesn't, since she obviously has a better agent. the whole movie surrounds the filming of a really dumb extreme sport called blood surfing, in which surfers cut themselves and surf in shark-infested waters. in this film, a giant salt-water crocodile also happens to be in the area. people get eaten. the movie ends.i don't mind a bad horror movie, but i really hate a dull bad horror movie, which this definitely is.

you, know, i can take the blood and the sex, but that thong bikini shot pretty much did me in. someone get that girl some pasta before it's too late!and you know, it's just not a good idea for a schlock movie to start off by mentioning the much better movie it's ripping off.i gave this one a 2, just because it's marginally better than tobe hooper's crocodile.

upon viewing tobe hooper's gem, crocodile, in 2000, i developed a great interest in the college/crocodile niche of the exploitation/monster genre. i look forward to a wayward producer to follow up with several sequels to these delightful bonbons of camp goodness. if only ed wood could bring his subtle sense of flair and dignity to these remarkable scripts. with ed writing the scripts, and a room full of monkees creating crocodile special effects on a computer, all we'd need would be a cast of crocky fodder with russ meyer breasts and ren hoek pectoral implants.while tobe hooper's crocky opus referenced his own movies, blood surf chose to dish out a bunch of aging themes from the chum bucket of other movies. see if you can look past the revenge of the nerds sequel sets to find the allusions/homages?/rip-offs to jaws, temple of doom, indiana jones' last crusade, the convent, godzilla 2000, and any james bond movie. also, try to find the ready-for-tv fade where the editor gave up on making sense of the stock.i was disappointed the crock didn't get to try out its sotto voce tenor with a soliloquy on environmentalism...or crocky appreciation, but the quasi-captain ahab of the story does get his tour de force speach. perhaps, in the coming years, we'll see a crock galloping off after a shootout into a golden sunset. or hopefully, a monkey will flush a crocky down the toilet of an international space station for midgets and enjoy the exploitative waltz of zero-g monkey/midget/crocodile bloodshed.all-in-all, the lack of a whammy bar in the surf music irked me.

oh, cgi. a blessing when used properly. a sin with it's used by people who have no idea what their doing. sadly, that's not the only thing that's used poorly in this umpteen jaws rip-off.ok, anybody who has read any number of my posted reviews has probably noticed 2 things. 1: i like low-budget horror movies. and 2: if there is a cute guy in said low-budget movie, i'll usually point them out. so, let's just get this out of the way right now. this is one low-budget horror movie i didn't like. the acting, for the most part, is horrible, effects laughable, and the script rivals battlefield earth as the worst i've witnessed this year. as far as the resident cute boy...dax miller (bog) wins that prize hands down. this boy is hot! and surprisingly, he's not just a toned body with nice eyes and a cute butt...he can actually act (well, as much as he can in this odious film). now that we have the housekeeping chores out of the way, let's get on with it.in cliff notes version, here's the story (don't worry, i'll try not to give anything away)...a film crew travels to a remote island to film a documentary about two surfers (established cute boy and his buddy) who surf with sharks. unknown to them is a rather large salt water crocodile lurking around the island. croc shows up, mayhem ensues, and people are eaten. roll end credits.as i said earlier, this film pretty much blows. it started pretty well, but soon devolved into being silly and stupid. a main character becomes lunch (in a rather humorous way), and our remaining heros utter one-liners at the victims expense. also, if this croc is at the top of the food chain on both the land and in the water, what's with all the sharks around? if this thing can eat a 40 foot boat, i don't think a few skimpy sharks would stick around. the fx is some of the worst i have ever had the displeasure to see. the cgi is horrendous, and they've even managed to screw up the animatronic crocs. attention, filmmakers. national geographic. discovery store. the croc hunter. they know what crocodiles look like. you obviously didn't reference any of these judging by the monstrosity seen towards the end of the film. and what's with the pirate/drug pusher gang? did you just need another reason to rip off a woman's top? it's funny how we get little sub-genres in the movie world. with alligator and it's sequels, lake placid, crocodile, and now blood surf, it now looks like "over-sized crocodile/alligator" movies should now get their own category at blockbuster. alligator was good. lake placid was good. i even thought tobe hooper's crocodile was good. blood surf, sucked.my grade: d-

**spoilers**this is one bad movie. seriously. acting in absolutely horrible, the fx are dreadfull and the plot is down right awful. but hey, its so bad that its fun watching! the script is so bad that its enjoyable! you just have to cringe and laugh at lines such as "i guess thats what you call crocteasing." as the women flash their breasts at the crocodile. i mean come on thats funny cause its so bad! it has such horrible jokes that they're funny! but after a while it just becomes to much as the movie turns into crap. i really started to fall asleep. trust me though, the plastic croc foot stamping on the leaves and the constant swishes of a crock tail well keep you laughing for a long time. though i have to say it had one cool part when the croc ripped that dude in half and he just hung there for a while figuring out what to do. heh heh mindless movie, which has to be nominated for the mst3k line!!

i never actually thought that a film could be so atrocious, but alas i was wrong. terrible acting, terrible plot, terrible effects. the crocodile was awful and as for the stupid sex/killing scene all in one, that was a bad move from the word go. it was truly shocking and that is not a compliment! how can someone make this film, watch it back and then actually say "yeah, thats a good movie. people will watch that" if you haven't seen it i beg you don't bother :-(

some might scoff, but there is actually a real art with making particularly bad films. this misses out on all fronts.a bunch of young people -- women with heaving breasts and continuously wet t-shirts, naturally -- go to film "blood surfing" and end up running into a 31 foot crocodile.not only was the croc obviously fake, but some of the props [notice the boat hitting the reef in particular] look like they've come out of thunderbirds!no good, from start to finish. don't see it!

...which isn't exactly a ringing endorsement. overall, "dinocroc" was a much better movie. sure, in that movie matt borlenghi played a complete wuss-bag who spent the entire movie crying about his little brother getting eaten by the dinocroc. but the special effects in "dinocroc" were better, the plot lines were better, and the acting was better. here are the problems with "blood surf" -- 1) the killer crocodile looks like a kid's model with a retractable jaw. 2) the plot is ridiculous. matt borlenghi & co. get shipwrecked on a deserted island, in which they encounter a rabid group of ugly filipino natives who try to force themselves upon the women in the group. which was a complete waste of 15 minutes of film. and 3) there's not enough croc time. there are a couple of redeeming qualities of "blood surf" -- the actresses are pretty attractive and matt borlenghi gets eaten by the croc towards the end of the movie. but if you're on your deathbed and only have enough time to watch one matt borlenghi/killer crocodile movie, skip this one and fire up "dinocroc" instead.

oh god, i must have seen this when i was only 11 or twelve, (don't ask how) i may have been young, but i wasn't stupid. anyone could see that this is a bad movie, nasty, gross, unscary and very silly. i've seen more impressive effects at disneyland, i've seen better performances at a school play, and i've seen more convincing crocodiles at the zoo, where they do nothing but sit in the water, ignoring the children tapping on the glass.the story is set in northern australia. a handful of ambitious young people, are trying out a new water sport, surfing in shark filled waters. it soon becomes evident that something more dangerous is in the water. after they learn what, they get the help of a grizzly middle aged fisherman, who wants to kill the animal to avenge the eating of his family.i think i have seen every crocodile film made in the last fifteen years, the best of which is lake placid, and the worse of which is its sequel. blood surf would have to be the second worst croc flick i think, with primeval and crocodile tailing closely behind.the australian saltwater crododile is one of the most dangerous creatures out there, resulting in more than a hundred injuries or deaths every year. movies like blood surf however ruin not only the ferocious image of such a creature, but a good hour and a half of the viewer's life. unless you really want to see it, avoid blood surf.

"it's not like that big mechanical toy", says a character early on, commenting on "jaws". well, "blood surf" would only wish to have a beast as convincing as the shark of the "jaws" series. in other words, the digital special effects of this movie are terrible. acting and directing are not much better, either; they seem more suited to a deodorant or a bubble-gum commercial than to a horror movie. the attitude of the people who worked on this film shows contempt not only for the genre, but for the audience too. saying you "liked" this film only encourages filmmakers to offer us more of this crap, further destroying the poor horror genre. (*1/2)

an mtv-style film crew consisting of american t.v. programme producer zack zardine (matt borlenghi) his camerawoman, the australian cecily (kate fisher) and two surfer 'dudes' named bog hall (dax miller) and jeremy (joel west) arrive on some nice looking island somewhere, it's not actually revealed where. the crew plan to shoot an expose on 'bloodsurfing' which is apparently the latest craze in extreme sports. surfers throw bait into the sea and cut themselves to attract sharks, just to see if they can out-surf them without being eaten. once there they are greeted by sonny lofranco (cris vertido) and his wife melba (susan africa). their search for the perfect location leads them to the shark infested waters of lilo-cay. sonny, melba and their daughter lemmya (maureen larrazabal) take them in their boat. soon after arriving and having already shot some 'bloodsurfing' footage sonny, melba and lemmya are all killed by a 30 foot saltwater crocodile that some say 'owns' the island. the boat is sunk. zack, cecily, bog and jeremy appear stuck on the island until such time a rescue party arrives. however, after a run in with some, erm well i don't really know what they are. pirates? drug smugglers? revolutionairies? fat ugly people who just don't like being with other people? who knows? and more importantly who cares? not me that's for sure. anyway, after escaping from these guys who look like pirates, they are picked up just off the coast of the island by captain john dirks (duncan regehr) and his girl arty (taryn reif as tara reif). the film crew believe they have been saved. little do they know that the crocodile and captain dirks go way back and he has a score to settle and four members of a film crew aren't going to stop him. captain dirks heads back to lilo-cay for a final showdown with the giant man-eating crocodile.directed by james d.r. hickox this is one awful film, but it's still not as bad as tobe hoopers crocodile (2000). everything about this film sucks. the script by sam bernard and robert l.levy is terrible, extremely slow as the crocodile isn't even seen or mentioned before the 30 minute mark and by that time i was seriously bored and annoyed with the hideously unlikeable characters thought up by bernard and levy. the whole film is also frustratingly predictable as well, within the first 10 minutes anyone familiar with horror film stereotypes and stock characters will be able to guess who dies and who will survive. the crocodile effects are awful and seem to be repeated over and over, there is a small puppet head that obviously has someones arm stuck inside it controlling it's movements as the water splashes become huge! the cgi shots of the crocodile are just plain embarrassing to watch. there is no gore apart from when a character is bitten in half which is achieved using cgi to digitally remove the actors legs, again it looks terrible. there is also a brief scene when someone is impaled on wooden spikes when they set a trap off. there is a reasonable amount of nudity and sex, plus the female actresses are nice and easy on the eye. there are basic continuity and logical errors in the film too, in one sequence cecily is filming bog and jeremy 'bloodsurfing' but from the angle and distance she is at it would be physically impossible to obtain footage of both the sharks and surfers at the same time, and surely that is the whole point of her shot? when dirks manages to harpoon the crocodile the angle of the wire changes dramatically between shots, in one shot the angle of the line looks like it's coming from the sky, in the shot straight after the angle is completely different and it seems as if the line is coming from below the surface of the water when in actual fact the harpoon is attached to the back of the boat and the line should be almost level with the surface. i could carry on, like why does the crocodile jump off the edge of a cliff if it's so smart as this film tries to make out? but i would probably exceed the 1000 word limit if i listed everything that was wrong with this film, so i won't. i hated this film, but rather scarily it's still not as bad as tobe hoopers effort at a giant crocodile film. definitely one to avoid.

plan b has the appearance of a quickly made, unedited, sloppy script for a movie with the attempt for an outing for the actors involved - an outing that should have been nixed from the start. it is just another mafia-based 'comedy' that has nothing new and lowers the standard for those participating.joe maloni (paul sorvino) is the crime boss more concerned about clothing and appearances than about his business of control. his personal assistant mario (anthony desando) is dumber than dirt and his ignorance is supposed to be funny. maloni has whacked one of his debtors (who just happens to be married to bookish fran - diane keaton) and maloni takes fran on as his assistant to work off her dead husband's debt by being maloni's 'hit man'. fran is afraid of her own shadow and is unable to carry out maloni's assignments, electing instead to transport her 'whackees' to florida to hide at her brother james' house until she can figure out what to do next. this alternative to killing the three candidates is called plan b, plan a being to kill them! the ending is wholly predictable just as is every line assigned in the script to the characters.diane keaton has made a lot of fine films and is one of our most talented actresses and comediennes, but here she screams and rants and twitches her way through a ridiculous part that quickly becomes annoying to watch. paul sorvino is, well, the paul sorvino type cast from other mobster films. the supporting cast is likewise allowed to play to the balcony in the broadest slapstick, pratfall fashion imaginable. what is supposed to be a comedy ends up being just silly and overdone. director greg yaitanes needs to go back to tv sitcoms: had this flimsy story been compressed into a half-hour gig it might have had a chance. grady harp

i'm usually not one to say that a film is not worth watching, but this is certainly an extenuating circumstance. the only true upside to this film is cornelia sharpe, looking rather attractive, and the fact that this film is really short.the plot in the film is unbelievably boring and goes virtually nowhere throughout the film. none of the characters are even remotely interesting and there is no reason to care about anyone. i'm not sure why on earth sean connery agreed to do this film, but he should have definitely passed on this one.the only reason i could see for seeing this film is if you are a die-hard sean connery fan and simply want to see everything he's done. save this one for last though.well, if you by some miracle end up seeing this despite my review (or any of the other reviews on this site), then i hope you enjoy it more than i did. thanks for reading.

this is a case of a bunch of people thinking they are so clever they have a story that fits the time. remember the all-around political conspiracies caught on camera in the years leading to the watergate and a little later? most movies trying to cash in on made-for-tv 'o so powerful, o so mind numbing' conspiracies were in fact caught in their own navel-gazing attitude.i was never a fan of the conversation which i find as much dated as others conspiracy stints of the time but coppola was true to his main character and hackman was a pretty engaging actor to observe. i mean these conspiracy movies are mostly drowning in the character pool of noir heroes. lots of questions unanswered, lots of dis-communication... well this takes at least bergman to build a movie about such un-visual bases.the next man is a perfect example of its time: one political soup served with an idealistic character and an horrendous conspiracy tightening its web around him. neither part is interesting in itself and the whole doesn't get any better. in fact you can tell how much it will be bad from the very first sequences piling up 'watcha that' murders without ever advancing any storyline. pedestrian directing at its worst as most of the movie is one pompous accumulation of scenes revolving around violence naively brought under the viewer's eyes.

the movie had a lot of potential, unfortunately, it came apart because of a weak/implausible story line, miscasting, and general lack of content/substance. one of the very obvious flaws was that sean connery, who played an arab man, didn't know how to pronounce his own arab name! this may seem a small flaw but it points to the seeming lack of effort in paying attention to details. the quality of acting was uniformly well below average. movie's solitary saving grace was the twist in the plot at the very end; and a french song (i don't recall the title). overall, it was a pretty bad movie where sean connery was visibly miscast.

i found "the arab conspiracy" in a bargain bin and thought i'd uncovered a lost treasure. folks, there's a reason why you don't hear much about this film. the plot is muddy, the pacing is slow, cornelia sharpe is about as vivacious as plain, cold tofu, and the ending leaves you flat. not even sean connery can save this one.

when watching this show you are not quite sure whether it is the story or the acting that is more annoying. first of all, the storyline of each episode is very predictable, the writers must have used every cliché possible, you can guess not only the general plot, but the arrangement of the scenes and also the lines of each character, making the show some sort of a collage of every police series out there. on the top of it all comes the "message" of the show, that the good are good and the bad are bad and that at the end of the day the good shall prevail and that we should all love each other, be better man and better citizens, all done in the most ostensible manner. the actors, as the vehicles of this message and nothing more than that, will use a limited set of acting skills: the "i am a good carrying person" smile, the concerned look and the "victory is ours" body posture, while the bad guys have the "i'm a bad one" frowning and the "you caught me" look, followed by the "i'm good for nothing and i should be removed from society" head banding (this kind of also sums up the general development of each show). true story or not, the show is garbage, yet another proof that producers don't give a s**t about viewers, that we are all thought to be idiots. well this series makes every possible attempt to idiotize the living brains out of you.

although this seems to be quite an old show (2002), i watched my first ever episode last night and i have to say it has to be the worst show . . . ever.i am not one for placing comments but i was so shocked that a show could exist that blatantly tries to pander to, and i am only assuming that this was their target audience, children under 12 years old or people with a less than average iq.the episode i was subjected to last night contained so many disjointed story lines, tried to include every possible plot summary imaginable and all the while trying to preach about friendship, family, religion and politics !!!.basic story that they covered in the episode: frat house hazing gone wrong wrong with too much alcohol - death turns out to be senators son who wants fbi to investigate. death is actually murder by peanut allergy senator thinks it could be his sworn enemy and childhood best friend who did this because senator was taking money for his votes for legislation but eventually got a conscience and said 'no' to mean mulit millionaire. everybody a suspect but all have the usual alibi (ex-girlfriend student shagging a married teacher so had to lie, disgruntled student who was reported by victim actually had life changing experience, senators enemy did not pay desperate student to kill sworn enemies son, he gives money freely to lots of broke students). all the while the heroine of this dribble has her niece staying who is 'at that age' and has a crush on a boy, who she eventually gets the courage to talk to with the assistance of her aunty, but only to dump him because the 'in' girls says he is not good enough and so to keep in with them she dumps him. don't worry, she gets back with boy after she learns the truth about life and the 'in' girls drop her, aunty also explains that god is the only one who truly she can rely on (i was almost sick at this point).this 'drama' gets even better when sue and her fbi team find out who the killer is . . . your gonna laugh at this, i sure did . . . it is one of the frat boys who only a year ago found out he was adopted and that his real dad is an international terrorist and he is trying to impressive real daddy by killing boy and planting bomb at funeral . . . . . . . the characters are cardboard the acting is cardboard the continuity is cardboard the story is cardboard anybody who says that they love this show has cardboard for a brainwhy the writers of this show have tried to pack in every eventuality into the one show means that they obviously have no faith in the character development or actors capability to carry off a simple plot line. watching this show is like watching 'last action hero' with arnie killing 5'000 people with a tooth pick, except arnie is a better actor (wow, never thought there would be a day that i would say that !!)in the words of the simpsons beloved character 'comic book guy' . . . . worst tv show . . . . . ever.

i saw one of the stage performances in denver and have never been less impressed. the word "vagina" says it all. a body part. nothing shocking here. i could say to my doctor, "my left arm has been hurting a bit after tennis" or "my vagina hurts after cycling" with equal or more social commentary. it could be the "tricep monologues" for all the entertainment or radical comment i heard. the monologues were dull but delivered with drama, the topics were outdated, and i was alternately bored and annoyed. once i think i laughed but apparently it wasn't when i was supposed to. surely this isn't really a hit. oh, and spoilers: there was a lesbian! - oh, wait, maybe not, come to think of it. and inappropriate fondling! and a crack mama! that about covers it.

hearing such praise about this play, i decided to watch it when i stumbled across it on cable. i don't see how this "elivates" women and their "struggles" by focusing on the topic at hand. i guess if you have an interest in stories about women's private parts and how it affects their lives, then this is for you. otherwise, it's rather dull and boring. if anything, i found it a bit degrading.i inquired with a female friend who also watched this and she thought it was horrible as well. so, it's not just a guy "not getting it".

this was one of the most boring "horror" movies that i have ever seen. a college kid has an epidemic of nightmares involving roaming spirits at alcatraz. trying to deliver a mix of "nightmare on elm street" and standard vampire fare in the form of a bad 80s music video, this movie is jammed full of bad acting and an exhaustively slow moving story. although, being such a bad, and often laughable movie (dig those mullets and the terrible dialog), it would be good material to spoof on for an episode of mystery science theater 3000. don't be fooled by the proud mention of the film being the 1987 winner of the silver scroll award by the academy of sicence fiction, fanatasy, and horror, or that devo contributes to the soundtrack, or that tony basil has a part in the film. it is a giant disaster, though one with a small cult following (see the other imdb comments for this film).

college student alex gardner (nicholas celozzi) is plagued by nightmares of a cellar-dwelling ghoul at alcatraz. he dreams of cutting off his own hand, spitting up a worm, a ghoul ripping open his chest and being roasted over an open fire. after his friends see him levitating "6 feet" over his bed, a helpful, occult-obsessed teacher (donna denton) suggests that they sneak into alcatraz to face his fears. of course they go in the middle of the night when no one is around to help when things get out of hand!the group become stranded, alex's brother richard (tom reilly) becomes possessed and starts killing everyone. toni basil of "mickey" fame shows up as the helpful ghost of sammy mitchell, lead singer of the group "bodybag". she teaches alex how to levitate out of his body and does a rock music dance intercut with repeat nightmare footage to pad out the running time. all of the victims show up as wisecracking ghosts a la the griffin dunne character in an american werewolf in london. the script is full of plot holes, cheesy dialogue and lame attempts at comedy. good fx work and cool opening credits (both by ernest d. farino) are the only things gaining any merit. basil and devo ("whip it") do some songs on the soundtrack.score: 2 out of 10

well after three times through i still have no idea what this movie is about because, quite honestly, it failed to generate any real interest or concern. but here it goes: a bunch of too old to be teen teen actors dressed in horrifying latter 1980's fashions (did we look like that too??) decide it would be a really good idea to get in a motorboat and go visit the abandoned alcatraz after one of them has nightmares of people being slaughtered in various horrifying ways that manage to rip off poltergeist, the evil dead, and freddy kreuger in one fell swoop. the dimwit even envisions himself being roasted over an open fire with some deformed freak slicing off strips of tenderloin. good thing it was only a dream or it might have hurt, and good thing his dreams had a decent special effects budget. mine are usually pretty lame: girls, model space ships, blowing things up with a bazooka, etc.once on the alcatraz island they find themselves in a slasher movie, and meet up with tony basil, who cannot help but break into a couple dance poses at times and had her own lighting crew (complete with a smoke machine for that 1980's smoky haze infused light look, which i kind of miss). and such reminded me that ms. basil helped choreograph david byrne of the talking heads for some of his videos and performances. this of course has nothing at all to do with the film but kept popping into mind as the movie posed very little to actually think about. it sort of happens, and you can either watch or keep working on your page markup with it on the tv set off to the side. but since the film isn't really interesting, you'll keep deciding to finish one last thing instead of wasting time, the movie will keep ending, and you'll find yourself wondering what you missed every time you realize the end credits are starting to roll again, dammit ...*some* 1980's teen horror movies can survive such specialized viewing: umberto lenzi's ghosthouse, chopping mall & it's killbots, the hard to ignore night of the creeps and the over-the-top sleepaway camp all come to mind. they are films that, like them or not, demand your attention and usually pay off with some good gore or t&a, and typos in your work as evidence that you were watching the tv instead of your keyboard. i am sure that hell island (as the british version i glommed onto is titled) does indeed have some good stuff in there, but frankly i don't care. and nothing is more annoying that encountering art of any genre that doesn't inspire admiration, some decent dislike or even good old honest hatred for it. the film is content with simpering away 80-whatever minutes of time and never really accomplishing anything more than being a sometimes distraction in spite of my best efforts to try and give it a chance, but no dice.there is some offbeat production design going on, the use of lighting is striking at times, and the occasional outburst of mayhem will probably keep fans of 1980's teen horror interested. the rest of you be warned though: you will wonder if you dressed like that in 1987, and the answer is probably more hideous than anything which happens on screen. try to watch it as a free rental if possible so that if disappointed you aren't stuck with the damn thing: movies like this take up valuable shelf space that is often at a commodity these days, what with the world coming to an end & all ...

the storyline is absurd and lame,also sucking are performances and the dialogue, is hard to keep your eyes open. i advise you to have a caffeine-propelled friend handy to wake you in time for a couple gore-effects.why they bring alcatraz in?in this case,becomes increasingly difficult to swallow. all the while ,i wondered who this film aimed for?chock full of lame subplots (such as the cannibalism us army-captain)this is low-grade in every aspect.btw this movie is banned in germany!!

the summary provided by my cable tv guide made it sound a lot more interesting than it actually is. "slaughterhouse rock" is by far the worst horror film that i have ever seen, a title previously held by "urban legends: final cut". from its opening scene i could tell it's going to be really bad, but i was so bored that i couldn't care less. this film contains laughable acting, especially by the guy who's tormented in his dreams, incredible as in not credible plot twists, and some of the crappiest music i've heard, and i'm living in a period when the likes of britney spears and nsync dominate the air waves. the biggest problem with "slaughterhouse rock" is that it's not funny. one would a film as dull and boring and so not scary as this would try to spice things up a bit with a few funny one-liners here and there, but no. we have tormented guy's self-centered friend trying to be funny, but came across as annoying instead. (spoiler) and please, do tell me, who in this crazy world is insane and self-loathing enough to visit a creepy jail in the middle of the night? no one! if you're going to make a horror movie, at least make it believable. this one is anything but.

the late 80's saw an inexplicable rash of supernatural horror films set in gloomy penitentiary settings. renny harlin's superbly gritty and moody "prison" got the whole haunted hoosegow ball rolling; it was immediately followed by the markedly inferior "the chair," john saxon's enjoyably trashy "death house," the passable psycho picture "destroyer," and this hideously limp'n'lethargic exercise in hopelessly comatose tedium. your usual annoying collection of horribly unsympathetic college student chowderheads lead by insufferably spineless tormented twerp alex (the hugely unappealing nicholas celozzi) go to alcatraz island to investigate the bizarre circumstances surrounding the sudden gruesome death of up-and-coming rock star sammy mitchell (blandly played by toni basil of "hey micky" fame). alex's brother becomes possessed by the evil demonic spirit of a vicious cannibalistic us civil war cavalry commandant and goes on the expected killing spree, thus forcing wimpy alex to overcome his passivity and make a stand against this ghoulish specter.although slickly photographed by nicholas von sternberg, with a few decent gore set pieces and a fair amount of spooky atmosphere (the film was shot on location in the dismal, rusty, rundown ruins of alcatraz island), "slaughterhouse rock" nonetheless just doesn't cut it as a solid, effective fright feature. this is largely due to the uniformly obnoxious and unlikeable collegiate smartaleck characters, a tiresomely smirky bunch whose inane comic antics prove to be grating rather than amusing. the flat acting from a noticeably disinterested cast hurts matters all the more, with onetime "playboy" playmate and undeniable blonde cutie pie hottie supreme hope marie carlton doing an especially irritating linnea quigley impersonation as the token oversexed nympho bimbo. dimitri logothetis' direction displays a modicum of flashy visual style, but the tone is unevenly pitched between grim seriousness and goofy, horrendously sophomoric silliness, and, most damagingly, ted landon's sloppy, inconsistent, overly complicated and finally quite confusing script miserably fails to develop the necessary internal logic to make the far-fetched story even remotely plausible. in other words, this stinker sadly succeeds in making a scant 90 minutes seem like an excruciatingly drawn-out cinematic jail sentence.

making the film as dark and visually fuzzy as possible in order to cover up the budget deficiencies is an often-used strategy in low-budget horror films, but this one takes it too far. it is so poorly lit and murky (and it takes place almost entirely at night, to boot) that you often end up virtually looking at a black screen (although perhaps the bad video transfer may also have had something to do with that). alas, "murky" is also the best word to describe the movie's plot. the filmmakers throw in diverse (and unoriginal) horror ideas without any semblance of logic, and halfway through you get the feeling that they just about abandoned the effort to make a good horror film; you know it when you see characters who are supposed to be in mortal danger (or, in some occasions, even dead) making small talk....(*1/2)

i'm gettin' sick of movies that sound entertaining in a one-line synopsis then end up being equal to what you'd find in the bottom center of a compost heap.who knows: "witchery" may have sounded interesting in a pitch to the studios, even with a "big name cast" (like blair and hasselhoff - wink-wink, nudge-nudge) and the effervescent likes of hildegard knef (i dunno, some woman...).but on film, it just falls apart faster than a papier-mache sculpture in a rainstorm. seems these unfortunate folks are trapped in an island mansion off the eastern seaboard, and one of them (a woman, i'd guess) is being targeted by a satanic cult to bear the child of hell while the others are offed in grotesque, tortuous ways. okay, right there you have a cross-section of plots from "the exorcist", "the omen", "ten little indians" and a few other lesser movies in the satanic-worshippers-run-amok line. none of it is very entertaining and for the most part, you'll cringe your way from scene to scene until it's over.no, not even linda blair and david hasselhoff help matters much. they're just in it to pick up a paycheck and don't seem very intent on giving it their "all". from the looks of it, hasselhoff probably wishes he were back on the beack with pam anderson (and who can blame him?) and linda... well, who knows; a celebrity peta benefit or pro-am golf tour or whatever it is she's in to nowadays.and the torture scenes! ecchhhh. you'll see people get their mouths sewn shut, dangled up inside roaring fireplaces, strung up in trees during a violent storm, vessels bursting out of their necks, etc, etc. sheesh, and i thought "mark of the devil" was the most sadistic movie i'd seen....don't bother. it's not worth your time. i can't believe i told you as much as i did. if you do watch it, just see if you can count the cliches. and yes, blair gets possessed, as if you didn't see that coming down main street followed by a marching band.no stars. "witchery" - these witches will give you itches.

i and a friend rented this movie. we both found the movie soundtrack and production techniques to be lagging. the movie's plot appeared to drag on throughout with little surprise in the ending. we both agreed that the movie could have been compressed into roughly an hour giving it more suspense and moving plot.

humm, an italian movie starred by david hasselhoff and linda blair, i wasn´t expecting very much, to be honest and in fact, i took even less than i was expecting. it doesn´t mean this movie is the worst i have seen because i have watched worse things than this but the plot was most of the times confusing and uninteresting and some good gore scenes are the only thing saving this. apart from that you are going to love some special effects, they are really cheesy and bad. now i only want to watch "troll 3" by this same director, sure it is not going to be worse than that.

we brought this film as a joke for a friend, and could of been our worst joke to play. the film is barely watchable, and the acting is dire. the worst child actor ever used and hasslehoff giving a substandard performance. the plot is disgraceful and at points we was so bored we was wondering what the hell was going on. it tries to be gruesome in places but is just laughable.just terrible

this only gets bashed because it stars david hasselhoff. well, then let me bash it to. compared to the garbage they call horror coming out nowadays, this film isn't too bad. it has the beautiful leslie cumming. she is super hot, but can't talk very well. there is a great scene with her when she is supernaturally raped. she shows off her nice body. linda blair does nothing here as well as hasselhoff. 3/10

i watched this movie purely for the setting. it was filmed in an old hotel that a friend owns shares of. the plot was predictable, the acting was mediorcre at best, the scares were all gross-outs, not true scares.i don't remember much of the plot, and i think that's because there wasn't much of one to remember. they didn't even use the hotel to it's fullest potential...the beaches are fantastic and the hotel is situated on a peninsula. at low tide, you can walk almost 1/4 mile into the bay, which is actually an eerie sight first thing in the morning or late at night when the wind is howling through the cracks.the best way to see this movie is with the remote in your hand so you can fast forward through the action (and i'm using that term loosly)scenes and pause at the beauty of the surroundings!

this film features two of my favorite guilty pleasures. sure, the effects are laughable, the story confused, but just watching hasselhoff in his knight rider days is always fun. i especially like the old hotel they used to shoot this in, it added to what little suspense was mustered. give it a 3.

a really very bad movie, with a very few good moments or qualities.it starts off with pregnant linda blair, who runs down a hallways to flee what might be monsters or people with pitchforks, i'm not sure. she jumps through a window and wakes up, and we see she is very pregnant. the degree to which she is pregnant varies widely throughout the movie.she and an annoying and possibly retarded little boy who i thought was her son travel to an abandoned hotel on an island. italian horror directors find the most irritating little boys to put in their movies! on the island already are david hasselhoff and his german-speaking virgin girlfriend (you know how germans are said to love hasselhoff...). he's taking photographs, and she's translating an esoteric german book about witches, i think.also traveling to the island are an older couple who have purchased it, and a real estate agent, and a woman i thought was their daughter. evidently she was an architect, and linda blair and the boy are the older couple's children. i guess they all traveled to the island together, but it really seemed like linda and the boy were apart from the rest of them (maybe they were filmed separately).the hotel seems neat, certainly from the exteriors, but it isn't used to any great effect. an old woman in bad makeup and a black cloak keeps appearing to the boy and chants something in german sometimes, which he eventually records on his sesame street tape recorder.people start getting killed, either in their dreams, or sucked into hell or something. some of these gore scenes are ok, but not enough to recommend the movie. though the copy i watched stated it is uncut on the box cover, the death of one character whose veins explode really seems to have been cut. much of the scene is showing another character's reaction shots, since we're not seeing anything ourselves. the creepiest scene is one in which a man or demon with a really messy-looking wound of a mouth rapes someone. he looked particularly nasty. there's a laughably and painfully bad scene in which linda blair is possessed. i wish if a horror movie is going to cast her, they would do something original with her role, and let her leave exorcist behind her (except for the yearly horror conventions).in the weird, largely italian, tradition of claiming to be a sequel to something it is unrelated to, this is also aka la casa 4 and ghosthouse 2. that is, it is supposedly a sequel to casa 3 - ghosthouse, la (1988) - it's not (that's also a better movie than this one). la casa 1 and two were the evil dead (1981) and evil dead ii (1987) - again unrelated to witchery and la casa 3 (and much better than those). there's also a casa 5, la (1990) aka house 5, which seems to want to be a sequel to the fake la casa series and the series house: house (1986) house ii: the second story (1987), the horror show (1989) aka house iii, and house iv (1992). how's the horror show fit in there? it doesn't really, it claimed to be a sequel, thus requiring the real series entry to renumber itself to cause less (or more?) confusion. oddly, the horror show is also aka horror house, and la casa 5 is also aka horror house 2. does your head hurt yet?

anyone familiar with my reviews on the internet movie database will know that i can be a grumpy bastard from time to time. there are a lot of films i don't like which, for some unfathomable reason, i've felt the urge to review. however, if anyone out there is curious to know the name of the worst film i've ever seen, look no further than transylvania 6-5000. without question, this takes the title of the all-time no. 1 awful film. i can't believe that i actually made it from the start of this clunker to the finish!it is clearly meant to capture the flavour of mel brooks's young frankenstein, but where that film was a funny take on horror movie traditions, this one is a desperately strained and misguided attempt to wring laughs from embarrassingly weak material. jeff goldblum and ed begley jr look ashamed to be here as a pair of journalists in modern day transylvania (perhaps they realised early on that they were doomed in this dud). during their research, they come up against all the chief monsters from past horror favourites, such as vampires, werewolves and mummies.anyone who manages to brave this film right through to its end may pray that a stake be driven through their heart to relieve them from the agony of boredom. it marks a career nadir for everyone involved and proves that when comedy fails in a big way, it results in awesomely dire entertainment.

oh, brother. the only reason this very irritating film avoids getting the total "bomb" from me is because it's at least historically noteworthy as the first three stooges film (when they weren't yet on their own and were still saddled with that painfully unfunny ted healy). but even as a longtime stooges fan i'd have to say that young moe, larry and curly are badly used here as three zany assistant janitors to mr. healy's taller boss janitor. they're not featured steadily through the movie and their silly on-and-off-again stints paint them more like zany overactive cartoon characters trying too hard to be amusing.most of this toothache deals with jack pearl seeking in vain to get some chuckles from the audience himself as a man who impersonates baron munchausen (here's a good example of the level of humor: "i object!" "on what grounds?" "coffee grounds!"). his sidekick is none other than a young jimmy durante, but even the schnoz himself is a bore.

strained comedy, a sketch-like revue which was initially a vehicle to showcase one-time radio star jack pearl but is now best remembered as america's introduction to the three stooges. actually, larry, curly and moe are billed alongside comic ted healy as ted healy and his three stooges. although the supporting cast features jimmy durante (who is completely wasted on dim material) and zasu pitts, the only audience for the film these days are stooges-addicts, and even they won't find much to applaud here. incredibly loud and overbearing, it shows how far hollywood had to go to reach a certain level of slapstick sophistication. *1/2 from ****

this movie starred a totally forgotten star from the 1930s, jack pearl (radio's "baron munchausen") as well as jimmy durante. however, 7-1/2 decades later, it's being billed as a three stooges film because they are the only ones in the film who the average person would recognize today. film fanatics will also recognize the wonderful edna may oliver as well as zazu pitts.as for the stooges, this is a film from there very early days--before mgm had any idea what to do with the team. at this point, they were known as "ted healy and his stooges" as healy was the front man. fortunately for the stooges, they soon left this nasty and rather untalented man (read up on him--you'll see what i mean) and the rest is history. within a year, they were making very successful shorts for columbia and executives at mgm were soon kicking themselves for losing the team. this sort of thing was a common occurrence at mgm, a great studio which had no idea what to do with comedy (such as the films of buster keaton, laurel and hardy, abbott and costello and others). in fact, up until they left for columbia, mgm put them in a wide variety of odd film roles--including acting with clark gable and joan crawford in dancing lady. and, oddly, in this film they didn't act as a team--they just did various supporting roles, such as larry playing the piano!this particular film begins with pearl and durante lost in the african jungle. when they are rescued and brought home, all sense of structure to the film falls apart and the film becomes almost like a variety show--punctuated by scenes with the leads here and there. as for pearl, i could really see why he never made a successful transition to films, as he has the personality of a slug (but slightly less welcome). as for durante, i never knew what the public saw in him--as least as far as his films are concerned--he was loud and...loud! he apparently took time off from helping mgm to ruin buster keaton's career to make this film. together, pearl and durante rely on lots of verbal humor(?) and vaudeville-style routines that tend to fall rather flat.in this film, the stooges they didn't yet have the right chemistry. seeing healy doing the job that moe did in their later films is odd. what they did in the film was pretty good, but because all the segments were short, they came on and off camera too quickly to allow them to really get into their routines. stooges fans might be very frustrated at this, though die-hard fans may want to see this so that they can complete their life-long goal of seeing everything stooge--even the rotten joe derita and joe besser films (oh, and did they got bad after the deaths of shemp and curly).overall, the film is rather dull and disappointing. however, there are a couple interesting things to look for in the mess. at about the 13 minute mark, you will see a brief scene where a tour guide on a bus is singing. look carefully, as this is walter brennan in a role you'd certainly never expect! another unusual thing to look for in the film is the "clean as a whistle" song starting at about 22 minutes into the film. this song and dance number is clearly an example of a so-called "pre-code" scene that never would have been allowed in films after 1934 (when the production code was strengthened). despite the word "clean" in the title, it's a very titillating number with naked women showing lots of flesh--enough to stimulate but not enough to really show anything! it's quite shocking when seen today, though such excesses were pretty common in the early 1930s. finally, at the 63 minute mark, see jimmy durante set race relations back a few decades. see the film, you'll see that i mean!

this film's basic premise is a political cartoon. i suppose for those who know nothing about the realities of the military this is probably a "feel-good" film on gender equality. indeed a recent commentator stated: "it lets women know that they can do anything they want to do." what claptrap! no one, man or woman can do anything they want to do, and unfortunately demi moore "buffing" up for seal hell week in the early 27 week bud/s program by a few sessions at the local gym and her desire alone to be a seal is simply not going to make it so. there is approximately an 80% dropout rate in what is arguably the roughest military training program - those are the ones who voluntarily drop out, can't compete on a physical level, suffer frequent physical injury during the training or can't handle the psychological harassment. i never got beyond the shallowness of the contrived, purported message of this film. in the real world, demi wouldn't last the first 24 hours in this harsh and sustained physical training. wishing alone won't do it. skip this film as wishful thinking, and better spend your time reading "the warrior elite" by dick couch (crown, new york 2001)for the best description as to what really goes on in this training. ring the bell, demi!

this is easily the worst ridley scott film. ridley scott is a wonderful director. but this film is a black mark on his career. demi moore and viggo mortensen, both totally miscast in an overaggressive film about a girl going to the army. very stupid. and there is never one scene that is convincing in any way. it is really not difficult to make a film such as this. everything the crew makes could have been an idea of just anybody. the writers didn't have much inspiration either; many foolish dialogs that made no sense at all; and some brainless action. i strongly recommend to stay away from this rubbish. i hope that the many talented persons involved in this project realize this type of film does not deserve their attention, and that in the future they will work on more honorable and more intelligent movies than this useless mess.

this movie is very much like "flashdance", you know that dance flick with jennifer beals. that film is probably the most boring film i have ever seen since it's not even bad enough to be funny. "g.i. jane" is much better than that film, but that doesn't say much. here demi moore sweats a lot and there's high music and we get to see her fight and everything, but it is certainly not very engaging. i really think the idea behind the film is kind of interesting, but the script is too clichéd and ridley scott can't do anything about that. well, like i said... it's better than "flashdance"... (4/10)

a real disappointment from the great visual master ridley scott. g.i. jane tells the story of a first female ever to go through the hellish training at the navy seals. the training is the most difficult and hard in existence as the instructor says in the film to the lead character o'neil played by demi moore. there is no particular message or point in this film or then i couldn't reach it properly. it may be a some kind of a statement of female rights and abilities but it all sinks under the tired scenes and stupid gun fight at the end of the film.i really can't understand why ridley uses so much zooms in that mentioned last gun battle at the desert?! it looks sooooo stupid and irritating and almost amateurish so i would really like to know what the director saw in that technique. when i look at his latest film, black hawk dawn, there is absolutely nothing wrong in the battle scenes (which are plenty) and they are very intense and directed with skill. the whole finale in g.i. jane looks ugly and is nothing more but stupid and brainless shooting and killing.this is ridley scott's worst movie in my opinion and there are no significant touches from which this great director is known. still i'm glad i saw this in widescreen format because there are still couple of great scenes and samples of scott's abilities, but they are very few in this film.a disappointment and nothing compared to the classics (blade runner, thelma & louise, alien and so on..) of this talented director. so i'm forced to give g.i. jane 4/10.

hmmm...where to start? how does a serious actress like demi moore got involved in such crap? "first blood" might be rated as bull***t but this type of nonsense is just rambo with tits, point. of course if you are interested in the crapstory (demi moore just wants to prove that a woman can be part of the navy seals) that is the most stupid cliché one i can think of, you'll say "gi jane" is a great movie. just the performance from viggo mortensen made this movie bearable but hell, i can't think of demi moore being rambo (especially not during the last, useless, 30 minutes). ridley scott doesn't deserve the credits to make this movie one that comes up for women with equal rights, it's just brainless propaganda for the american army and to make it more attractive they dropped moore in it. awful movie.

a recent post here by a woman claiming a military background, contained the comment "a woman's life is no more valuable than a man's".this mantra of the politically correct is not true as history as well as biology show. societies have managed to recover from heavy losses of their male population, sometimes with astonishing speed. germany was ready to fight another war in 1939 despite the 1914- 1918 war in which over two million of her men were killed. in south america's war of the triple alliance (1865), paraguay took on three neighboring countries until virtually her entire male population was wiped out but fought to a stalemate in the 1932 chaco war against much larger bolivia.no society, however has or ever could survive the loss of its female population. only when the very life of the nation is at stake are women sent to fight. israel faced that situation in 1948 but since then has never considered coed combat units for its defense forces despite the popular image of the israeli girl soldier."g.i. jane" is hollywood fluff.

how this film ever got a 6 star average is beyond me. the script is so banal, and frankly an insult to whomevers life it is based upon. the cinematography comes straight from the slick world of advertising, and the talented ridley scott should be ashamed. demi moore however, shows none a surprise by participating in this film, if one looks at her tracklist. all in all, a "high concept" style film that even don simpson would be ashamed of.

i think that movie can`t be a scott`s film. that is impossible. do you remember blade runner? and alien? two greats movies versus a one. i hope didn´t see ever it. good bye!!

naturally i didn't watch 'gi jane' out of choice. i was more or less forced to watch this film round my ex-girlfriends house.gi jane loses its credibility straight away by trying to convince the viewer that it is potentially a real scenario, which of course it isn't. the result of this is that the story becomes automatically bound by constraints, restricting the amount of humour (of which there is none) or entertaining action scenes, and soon becomes too serious. the film therefore becomes extremely boring and predictable.'gi jane' fails where other action films succeed, mainly because films such as james bond, dirty harry and various others are larger than life, yet never proclaim to be otherwise. they are escapism, and therefore entertaining. 'gi jane' tries to be real and fails.this is a very disappointing film from ridley scott, with a very non-credible storyline, unremarkable acting, and the only reason i give it 2/10 instead of 1/10 is for some of the technical work.

after reading through many of the reviews, i don't know what movie some people were watching, but clearly it wasn't the same one i saw.this movie is horrible. the acting, primarily moore's, is just terrible. the woman cannot act. nice tits, but she just can't act. at no point did she come across as the actual character. instead, it was spoiled hollywood actress goes to the beach to play make-believe with the boys.and that's what this movie ultimately is -- hollywood make-believe. the training sequences are over the top. the politics -- over the top. the political correctness -- over the top. the combat scenes -- you guessed it, over the top. your mission is to get in and get out without being detected. so what do you do? why shoot off as many rounds and make as much noise as possible, of course. oh g.i. jane, you can be my wing man anytime.the premise is good, but as soon as hollywood gets a hold of it, we end up with top gun with tits.what more is to be expected from commercial us films anymore? not much i guess.

watching this movie was a waste of time. i was tempted to leave in the middle of the movie, but i resisted. i don't know what ridley scott intended, but i learned that in the army, women get as stupid as men. they learn to spit, to insult and to fight in combat, and that's also a waste of time (in my opinion). and, anyway, what the hell was that final scene in lybia? are they still fighting gadafi or is it that it's easy for everyone to believe islamic people are always a danger?

i'll be short and to the point. this movie was an insult to any one with a room temperature iq. sorry liberals, feminists, etc. no women will ever be a seal. they can forget about the draft or being in combat too. ain't going to happen. you see, hard as it is to understand or accept, men and women are physically different.regardless of the fact it is 2007,reality cannot change things in order for people to avoid having their feelings hurt. men can't give birth or breast feed babies( oh-i forgot about san franfreako ).women lack the physical strength to be on par with men in a combat or other physically challenging situations. how many women play in the nfl or nhl? lastly, i couldn't give a bloody hoot in hell if what i just wrote upsets you.come to think of it - if this does upset you that only warms my heart more. i didn't write one thing that wasn't the truth. this imbecilic movie is nothing more than a comedy and a lousy one at that.

demi moore's character in the movie was selected for the seals because of her looks. that was a bad start and the movie went down from there. the plot was totally unbelievable. the will to make it in a tough military unit is not enough. this movie did not convince me of a woman's physical ability to perform the types of tasks required.trying to pretend that women and men are basically the same is an insult to everyone's intelligence. the differences between the sexes are what makes life interesting.

i thought this was a truly awful film--i found myself actually yelling at my tv a couple times. one or both of the gay male leads was miscast; there was absolutely no chemistry between them and richard ruccolo looked like he'd rather be kissing a dog. the movie covers their long and tortured courtship, highlighting each break-up and make-up, but not developing the reasons in-between in any detail. these reasons would make for some interesting characters, not the fight or the make-up scene in bed (lame even if you liked the movie).andrea martin and adam goldberg shine as their characters, but it doesn't make the film worth renting. save your money.

why would a person go back to a person, who kicks them in the teeth, not once, not twice, but over and over again.this film teaches us that in order to find love we must accept abuse (not just forgive it, but fully accept it). gosh! no wonder my first relationship only lasted ten years. i obviously wasn't embracing my inner masochist.as bucatinsky's writing debut, there are many wonderful aspects to this film; however, in order to justify the reunion of eli and tom, more character development would have been helpful. we are never acquainted with eli's masochism, in fact, we are led to believe that he is not a masochist, although tom's psycho-emotional sadism is highly evident.

i saw this recent woody allen film because i'm a fan of his work and i make it a point to try to see everything he does, though the reviews of this film led me to expect a disappointing effort. they were right. this is a confused movie that can't decide whether it wants to be a comedy, a romantic fantasy, or a drama about female mid-life crisis. it fails at all three.alice (mia farrow) is a restless middle aged woman who has married into great wealth and leads a life of aimless luxury with her rather boring husband and their two small children. this rather mundane plot concept is livened up with such implausibilities as an old chinese folk healer who makes her invisible with some magic herbs, and the ghost of a former lover (with whom she flies over manhattan). if these additions sound too fantastic for you, how about something more prosaic, like an affair with a saxophone player?i was never quite sure of what this mixed up muddle was trying to say. there are only a handful of truly funny moments in the film, and the endingis a really preposterous touch of pollyanna.rent 'crimes and misdemeanors' instead, a superbly well-done film that suceeds in combining comedy with a serious consideration of ethics and morals. or go back to "annie hall" or "manhattan".

i saw this movie in new york city. i was waiting for a bus the next morning, so it was 2 or 3 in the morning. it was raining, and did not want to wait at the port authorty. so i went across the street and saw the worst film of my life. it was so bad, that i chose to stay and see the whole movie,i have yet to see anything else that bad since. the year was 69,so call me crazy. i stayed only because i could not belive it.........

this is one of those movies that apparently was trying to ride the martial arts wave craze. kind of like billy jack i guess. however, whereas billy jack did have one notable martial arts scene there are none in this one unless you consider some gentlemanly grappling and roughhousing as such. we are introduced to the star who is described as having learned judo in the marines. i was in the marines and while they are pretty established in boxing, i really don't remember any emphasis on judo. as a result the antagonist, james macarthur, makes reference to the judo when he offers an excuse for why he, a state champion wrestler was so easily defeated. lame.

i couldn't wait to receive the dvd after hearing so much about the film. what a disappointment! this became one of the most confusing films i've ever viewed. there were so many characters introduced, some resembling others, that it became impossible to follow the story line. i could not understand how george clooney received an acting award for the film since he was hardly involved, at least in the first half of the movie. my wife and i gave up after about an hour of misery and stopped the dvd. i might have considered fast forwarding to see if the ending was any better but after so much confusion decided that chances for improvement were slim. a co-worker told me that a lot of the movie "comes together" in the last minute or less. i was glad i didn't waste another hour, waiting. i gave the dvd away the following day.

this movie was slower then molasses in january... in alaska. the man who put togeather the preview should get an award for managing to put every one of the 30 seconds that were interisting into the preview. i had to wake up the people i was watching it with, several times. after it was over, i felt bad for having woken them up. most of the film is taken up with hoping something will actually happen, but nothing ever does. it was easy to loose track of people's motives, and the characters were flat and uninteristing. by the end of the movie, you just hoped everyone would died. everyone runs around either being contemptible, petty, or pitiful, and usually all three. and worse, we watched a minute or two of the added features, just for kicks and giggles you understand, and all that we saw was people being smug about how socially aware they are. if they had spend the time on the movie that they did patting themselves on the back, it might have been worth watching. i was brought in expecting the excitement of '24.' i got a lecture on social awareness through the blery eyes of the sandman.

weak plot, predictable violence, only semi interesting characters. like the writer (also one of the stars?) was fictionalizing his own screw ups and added an incredulous fantasies of drugs and murder to make it "hot". from the predictable rap and house soundtrack, to the family conflicts, it's poorly acted, stereotypical, and ultimately terribly boring. even the title has been done before - imdb lists five movies with the same name released in 2007-2008!! note: saw it on showtime, which listed the synopsis for one of the other movies. was halfway thru before i realized no one was an undercover cop. even tho another stereotype, would have made it interesting if it happened.

i was utterly disappointed by this movie. i had read some of the other reviews here and had much higher expectations. i expected a drama with more intense character development. but that never happens in the movie. daniel-day lewis is a good actor, but not as good as some reviewers here would have us believe. i tought he repeated the same set of 4 or 5 movements in the movie. i would rate his performance 6 out of 10.acting: 6 out of 10 direction is 5 out of 10. script is the worst: 2 out of 10. i deleted the movie from my dvr at 70 mins. into the movie. much better movies out there than this...

so i finally saw the film "my left foot" last night after years of being told by my mother how amazing it is... the central performance of day-lewis is indeed remarkable and amazing, but anyone with even minimal exposure to his other work should expect nothing less.the fatal misjudgement in my eyes was that in becoming obsessed with proving the normalcy of this man; the movie chose to show him as a complete and utter jerk. on the one hand i can see that this is a logical correlation; mankind always has the capacity to be objectionable, and disability shouldn't obscure that. i just wish that impartial onlookers wouldn't be so forgiving of aberrant behaviour and assume that circumstances automatically make it forgivable. they don't. acting out is normal, and so yes, disabled people act out - but they don't do it because they're disabled; they do it because they're being unreasonable. a physical impairment doesn't afford you the right to throw a hissy fit in public, just because someone you love turns you down.there are certain things it is unwise to do whether you are disabled or able-bodied. giving someone tacit permission to boot a football directly at your head for the sole purpose of fitting in is one of them. (admittedly, i did once save a penalty from the school's star striker with my face, but i already belonged by then. it wasn't for acceptance.) engaging in a bar brawl is another. revelling in the fact that your father only extends companionship to you after you've proved yourself capable of metaphorically jumping through physical hoops takes masochism a step too far. all of these things are stupid, and suffering through them as a way to demonstrate your bravery doesn't make them any less foolhardy.so yes; just because you've overcome obstacles to achieve great things doesn't make you any less of a jerk... being a good person takes priority; setting an inspiring example for the disabled should appear way down the list.

this movie was awesome!! (not quite as good as the leif garrett masterpiece longshot) but still awesome!! i thought ashley looked freakin' huge compared to mary-kate in this film. i wonder why. who woulda thought they could swith places like that and almost get away with it. dad was kinda a jerk though and mom was a little too chummy with helmit head. i give it 4. any one who likes this movie shoudl check out longshot.

this movie was definitely not one of mary-kate and ashley's best movies. i really didn't like it, and i was kind of disappointed in that movie. for some reason, it seemed like it was a movie that they put together really fast. in some parts, it got so boring that i had to fast forward it. it didn't have any bloopers or any exciting parts like their other movies.

yes, you guessed it. another movie where identical twins switch places. i think now that the olsen twins are getting older they should try and make the plot less predictable and less like re-runs of 'full house'. if you plan on seeing this film, don't. watch 'the parent trap' instead. it's more entertaining.

i saw switching goals ..twice....and always the same feeling...you see the olsen twins make same movie....they like play different sports and then fall in love to boys..ok now about the movie....first off all such little boys and girls don't play on such big goals...2.football does not play on time outs...3.if the game is at its end the referee gives some overtime (a minute or more)...and the finish is so foreseen....i think that this movie is bad because of the lack of football knowledgement....if it were done by european producers it would be better..and also the mane actors aren't the wright choice...they suffer from lack of authentic..ok they played some seasons in full house but that doesn't make them big stars....you have got to show your talent....and that is what is missing in the olsen twins

a sad, sad sight indeed is the munster's revenge. the munsters are brought back one last time(fred gywnne received a huge paycheck to come back to the role of herman munster)in this made-for-tv movie about a pair of wax replicas of grandpa and herman that are robots "terrorizing" the city as preparation for a robbery of a mummy's stash at an exhibit. with the police on their heels, the two elderly television icons try to find out who is actually behind the crimes in order to clear their names. we get to see them dress in drag as waitresses(a minor highpoint in the film), grandpa turns into a bat with attached wire a couple times(one time even flying to transylvania with herman somehow invoking his frequent flyer miles i guess), and a most annoying relative "the phantom" constantly sings and breaks glass ad nausium! what is most sad is hard to pinpoint: is it that gywnne(especially) and al lewis look so haggard in every scene and so indifferent to the material. is it the hokey costumes of the robots that have that school production values look about them. maybe it is the ridiculous script. sid caesar's crazy, mostly unfunny antics. or perhaps it is seeing something which brought me joy and fond memories as a child being treated to a super k-mart fashion makeover. at any even, the result is decidedly disappointing and silly even for munster standards. as for the rest of the cast, yvonne de carlo is adequate in a most vacuous role(though showing more cleavage than usual for a woman of her years and experience). k. c. martell makes an ever-so-not affable eddie munster. jo mcdonell is an attractive marilyn. bob hastings as the aforementioned phantom looks and acts and speaks in the most absurd manner. the film has a real cheap feel about it even for a made-for-tv movie.

man, this was hilarious. it should be under comedy. or stupid. it would have made realizing what a pile of stank this was much easier. seriously? i want anyone associated with this movie tased, effective immediately. for everyone who is thinking of watching this "movie", let''s go over a few plot points. oh, wait. there aren't any. there is literally no plot. i think casper van dien was bored, and he decided to film something with some random someones, and miraculously, it somehow got on videotape. this movie is literally the worst movie of all time. don't believe me? go watch it. do it, man. i dare you. but be prepared to gouge your eyes out. if you can sit through this without blowing a cow, you are very strong and courageous.

this movie will confuse you to death. furthermore, if your a denise richards' fan, don't even think of renting this movie. besides getting top billing by being on the cover and about 10 minutes of air time if that, she has nothing to do with the movie or the many messed up plots.

of all movies (and i'm a film graduate, if that's worth anything to you), this is the worst movie i have ever seen. i know there are probably some worse ones out there that i just haven't seen yet, but i have seen this, and this is the worst. a friend and i rented it one night because denise richards was on the cover. talk about being young and retarded. she's uncredited! her role was unbelievably small! how did she make it on the cover!? imdb doesn't even list it in her filmography. this movie was so bad, we wrote a little note to the video store when we returned it, and slipped it inside the case. it read something like "please save your further customers from having to view this complete and totally bad movie!"

the volleyball genre is strangely overlooked by most screenwriters. thankfully, highly acclaimed director nelson mccormick has brought us the second best volleyball movie of all time (rated lower than side out and higher than, well, umm). however, don't let the cover of this movie decieve you. kill shot stars up and coming star koji as a modern day sherlock holmes. using such high-tech gadgets as a computer that is less powerful than my gameboy, koji is able to aid fbi agents in the tracking of a man who has not committed any obvious crime. while there are other actors in the movie, including brief cameos by denise richards, a gay negro, and a preposterously ugly and annoying girl, koji carries this movie on his own. any fan of movies such as the matrix or hackers will definitely love kill shot.

it's like a bad 80s tv show got loose and tried to become a soft-core porn movie. oh my god was it bad. the plots of each character had little relevance. the plot itself wasn't anything to speak of. something about a stalker, i guess. in the end he shoots himself? it's not really clear, but somehow there's a volleyball game involved. and the main character (randy) sleeps around a lot. the only reason my friends rented this movie was because casper van dien was in it, and they ended up wanting to fast forward to the scenes with him in it, which were barely watchable at that. thank god i didn't spend any money on it, but i want that hour of my life back.

monika mitchell's showbiz satire has some laughs and some premeditated violence. i wouldn't say blood-soaked; but there is insult and injury. max matteo(john cassini)is a character actor that has a quirky adaptable presence on screen, but he has a terrible track record of being chosen for the parts he goes after. there is always a producer's nephew or seemingly trivial reason for his not being awarded the role he seeks. well, the best thing to do is get rid of the competition...max becomes obsessed with such thoughts. the rewarding career is just a swing, push and shot away. other cast members: rene rivera, molly parker, jennifer beals, frank cassini and cameos by eric roberts and sandra oh. well, that's show business...or is it?

this was the worst movie i saw at worldfest and it also received the least amount of applause afterwards! i can only think it is receiving such recognition based on the amount of known actors in the film. it's great to see j.beals but she's only in the movie for a few minutes. m.parker is a much better actress than the part allowed for. the rest of the acting is hard to judge because the movie is so ridiculous and predictable. the main character is totally unsympathetic and therefore a bore to watch. there is no real emotional depth to the story. a movie revolving about an actor who can't get work doesn't feel very original to me. nor does the development of the cop. it feels like one of many straight-to-video movies i saw back in the 90s ... and not even a good one in those standards.

mild spoilers contained herein. i'm spoiling this film to save you the trouble of having to watch it. jet li's movies fall into one of two categories: shaolin period movies and movies set in modern-day hong kong revolving around triads or triad like organizations. each genre has its best and worst films. `twin warriors' is jet li's best shaolin era flick while `the evil cult' is his worst. `fist of legend' while in the recent past is the best `modern era' jet li movie. `black mask' without a doubt is the worst.jet li plays a self-exiled mercenary who received an injection that gives him superhuman ability, but shortens his life span. in his `new life' in exile he plays a pacifist librarian. when his old mercenary squad goes on a rampage, jet li becomes a vigilante determined to stop them. he dons a very silly corrugated cardboard mask so as to conceal his identity from the police (and public) as a librarian, as well as to conceal his true identity to his ex-comrades in arms.the version i saw was dubbed, and horribly at that. why does jet li capture and hold hostage his library co-worker if he's a pacifist? is there a love story between them? why does the police chief not care when he learns of the black mask's true identity? the plot is just plain bad. bad by way of the superhero cheesiness, bad in the sense that characters are never properly developed, bad in its character interactions, all topped off by a half-explained story i quickly lost interest in. the action and martial arts sequences are way over the top. lots of blood, gore (severed body parts aplenty), explosions, and matrix style superhuman martial arts fiascos are present in the film. unfortunately this is the films best and only selling point. if you want to see jet li playing a vigilante superhero in a mission impossible style movie `black mask' delivers. for the rest of us jet li fans it is a true disappointment. this is one of those movies where jet li never gets to be jet li: he gets neither the chance to charm us with his charisma, nor a chance to impress us with his impressive yet realistic martial arts ability. normally a chinese knockoff of ozzy osbourne would be enough to engross me in a film, sadly `black mask' proved to be an exception to that rule. indeed the antagonist of this movie, by the way he dresses, his long straight hair, and trademark round sunglasses looks like the modern and aged ozzy osbourne. however the villain isn't on-screen long enough to make the gimmick worthwhile. i am assuming the likeness to ozzy was intentional; in addition to the villain's look, he also ran a satanic looking hideout. so much more could have been made from the ozzy osbourne villain gimmick! if only the writer, director, or anyone had bothered to give a background to and develop the character of the film's arch villain!`black mask' was the first jet li film released on video in the usa after lethal weapon 4, and i'm glad i stayed away from it until now. it may well have ruined my whole perception of jet li as a martial artist and actor. if you want to see jet li at his worst, rent `black mask' and `the evil cult' and make it a double feature or horror, both intentional and unintentional. otherwise stick to moves that utilize the talents of jet li, and have plots that are semi-well thought out and plausible. 3/9 stars.

the movie was awful. the theater was dead with silence 'cause everyone was embarrassed to be in there watching such trash. i think someone gave jet li a lobotomy and made him perform a script with dialogue written by a five year old. the martial arts are 'ok', but when put next to the jackie chan movies and "the matrix" you're better off seeing one of those.

lame, cliched superhero action movie drivel. i had high hopes for this movie, and the genre of hk buddy cop actioneers is one that i don't despise, but very rarely do i see a storyline as trite and ludicrous as this one was. this would have been forgivable, as it always is in these kinds of movies, when the action compensates, unfortunately, it did not. the action does carry the trademark surreality and over the top nature of hk action, but it's not very involving, obscenely gory, and in fact often completely incoherent (perhaps this is due to re-editing for american release, it does show signs in many places of patchwork). i was very disappointed.

jet li, is one of the best hand to hand combat fighters in the world. he has been for over 20 years and he puts others in the genre to shame. while he is big in asia, he is almost unknown here in the us.black mask is supposed to be a breakout movie for him, but it fails horribly. first of all, it is dubbed. while it may have camp value (the dubbing isn't even close and it is flat in tone), it seems inappropriate for the ordinary movie viewer. secondly, the director in this movie, daniel lee, does a horrible job. he cuts scenes so fast, at times, you don't know what's going on. other times, the camera shakes and wobbles. fans see jet li's movies for the fantastic martial arts. however, the director edits the scenes so fast that you don't even know who's who half the time! other times, a scene is left hanging (ie li is beginning to cut a hole in the floor of a jeep, while the badguys arm their guns, two seconds later, both li and the love interest are already under the car!) other scenes are so improbable, that they cross over the point of being completely ridiculous (killer cd roms? just give him throwing stars!!!!). li, needs a director who is less prone to machine gun cutting and more to creating a cinematic mise-a-scene. the added rap/techno music goes from being okay to intrusive. the plot has possibilities but are all squandered by cartoonish characters that take away from any credibility that this movie strives for. and are we really to believe that the love interest would not recognize simon, because he has a half mask on? wouldn't the hair, lower jaw, or voice give it away?if you want to see a jet li movie, try iron monkey or his classic shaolin temple. this disjointed mess is a complete waste of time.....2/10

"hak hap", or "black mask" (in english) was a disappointment. i was told that it was a sort of "japanese version of the matrix". imagine my disappointment. the film was either badly dubbed or the soundtrack didn't time well with the film. another thing is that the dialogue was pretty much bad. there was very little thought put into the english version of this film and it appeals only to the "senseless action" genre. not a film i would want to see again.

i rated this a 3. the dubbing was as bad as i have seen. the plot - yuck. i'm not sure which ruined the movie more. jet li is definitely a great martial artist, but i'll stick to jackie chan movies until somebody tells me jet's english is up to par.

it's hard to believe an "action" packed jet li movie could be so boring, but this was transcendant trash. the plot is an amalgam of other hong kong chopsocky flicks. the martial arts action is all special effects and no human talent. it's a comic book story about a group of super-human soldiers who are to be killed because they're mentally unstable, one of their number (li) who holds off an incompetent army to save them and rebuilds a life as a pacifist librarian. the saved killers resurface with an austin powers quality plot to take over the world, and li sheds his new life to save the world.the version i saw was dubbed, and that may have accentuated the cheesiness of the wafer-thin plot and comic-book 25 cent special effects. but i suspect even ninja-turtle-watching 8-year olds would have found this juvenile and hollow.

there are times when finishing a film one wishes to have a refund for the time just spent. this was one of those times. i almost gave up with only 15 minutes left to endure... and i wish i had...the pace that a man goes from a straight-laced, controlled life to one of complete spinelessness and irresponsibility could never be this rapid.from a graduation celebration to the predictable ending tristan price (jesse metcalfe) man of privilege and culture allows himself to be seduced by a woman, by violence, and by mind altering substances. of course, the woman part is understandable when observing the talents of the beautiful april (nathalie kelley). but the in for a penny in for a pound aspect of the drugs, violence and dedication to a person he has just met is impossible to understand.frankly, besides being able to stare at nathalie kelley and monica keena, this film has no redeeming qualities. save your money, save your time... do anything else...

he pulled the guys guts out his butt! that's a spoof right?! no one really writes that it just happens like improv gone horribly wrong. i think any way. this movie must be a spoof because who would say they wrote that script otherwise. can anyone imagine the entire cast sitting around as the director and writers go over the storyboard.director says, "next our inbreed villain uses his 24 inch machete to disembowel our token creepy neighbor. get this, he is going to pull the guts out his bunghole""brilliant!" the entire cast proclaims.no way can that happen, nobody writes that stupid! gotta be a spoof.i loved the part where the skinny introspective gal beats the inbreed freak to death with the cast iron skillet she finds on the floor of the cave. i wasn't sure the inbreed cannibal types bothered to cook much. maybe that explains why the skillet was lying on the floor in the dark at just the right time to kill the malformed hulk. seems ironic that after the freaky guy had bested martial arts expert porn queens and a couple out doors type jocks he falls so easily to the frying pan of a skinny defenseless girl next door. what the heck is that richard greco guy doing in this? did he fire his agent or something? can anyone explain the ending to me please because i didn't get it either? i can't quite figure why the nice hero girl wanted to kill the funny lady who was making her some tea. never mind i don't want to know.

did they use their entire budget paying the porno stars or what?!?sound effects, background music and the editing in general was so bad you'd think some 12-year-old wanna-be made the film.most of the acting was good considering the script... the "innocent virgin" played her part really well.the mutants look really cool and this actually could have been a really cool flick with the right brain behind the wheel... but, unfortunately for all involved, that's not the case.turn left was made better than this movie and those guys didn't even have any money!!! good thing i didn't rent the movie myself!

make a 0 you sacks of german staples! well, when i started to watch this sack of crud, it was a sunday afternoon, and i was just looking for stuff on show time. i was introduced to a hot naked babe, and like any guy (im a guy, the e-mail is my sisters...) i was happy. but then they threw it all to the dogs, spit on it, lit it on fire, and peed it out. you wanna know how? the dumb chick talked! the dialog throughout the film was just horrible. sounded like something my 2nd grade bro could wright. the violence was nice for some scenes, but some was just totally moronic. the scene in the pit were he gives the guy the knife... dumb moron! to sum it up, this is pure cinema barf drenched in the chocolate syrup known as nudity, and topped with the cherry of horrible acting as only a porn star could deliver.

i only gave this ridiculously titled comedy horror flick a 2 because several famous porn stars of the past appear in it. a group of tourists, supposedly on vacation in ireland but actually in canada, run afoul of a cannibalistic inbred mutant something or other, and the plot is more or less right out of the hill have eyes ands wrong turn. only problem is, unless i miscounted, there's only one mutant on display, and he isn't all that impressive. sort of like the potbellied mummy in that homemade film from about five years ago. some gory but silly deaths help, but the film is strictly amateur night and boring beyond belief. the ending is predictable and has been done to death. no pun intended.

please don't rent or even think about buying this movie.they don't even have it available at the red box to rent which would cost a $1 & i think its worth less than that.the main reason why i rented this d movie was because jenna jameson is in the movie lol between 2-5 min.i will give credit that the movie had hot chicks and quite a bit of nudity but other than that you might as well buy another d horror movie that has the same thing with nobody you know.ginger lynn has more acting time in this movie than jenna & she's not even on the front cover of the movie nor her name.i recommend people to watch zombie strippers because you see jenna almost throughout the whole movie & nude most of the time.this movie is a big disappointment & such a huge waste of time.

for your own good, it would be best to disregard any positive reviews concerning this movie. this flick stinks. now, i like (at least in theory) low budget horror movies, but this one makes the worst mistake a low budget flick can make: it takes itself way too seriously. and, unfortunately, that's not it's only problem.it's the story of the murderous beane clan of the british ilses transposed to modern times. an interesting premise, but there are two things that are immediately perplexing about this film once you start watching it.#1- why is the biggest name on the cd box jenna jameson? she's a below average looking woman who can't act, and she has a minor role. answer: she's apparently a well known porn star (as you no doubt read in other reviews), so i guess this is a "cameo" appearance for her. she's giving the film much needed "name recognition", it seems. her top billing isn't any indication of her talent, though, it's an indication of how untalented the rest of the cast is.#2- how can film makers be so stupid to think canada can be passed off as ireland? it doesn't even remotely look like ireland. and the house that the guests/victims stay in is this great big north american wood frame edwardian thing. they should have skipped the whole beane theme and developed a story that took place in n.a. also, if you're going to make a movie that takes place in ireland, it's probably best to have more than one character with an irish accent (and that was a really really really bad irish accent.) now,this wouldn't have been so bad if the director wasn't trying to make the next "night of the living dead", but it seems he was. too bad. he could have had some fun with it. in fact, some of the scenes weren't far from being unintentionally comedic as they were.like the infamous gutting scene, were the woman is chained to the table, stripped naked, and then sliced open and eviscerated. that's funny, you ask? well, in the deleted scene version, the mutant killer pulls out mile after mile after mile of intestines. it's actually funny after awhile. and what self respecting cannibal eats intestines, anyway? do we eat the intestines of cows and chickens? heck no, we eat hams and ribs and drumsticks. oh well.some of the other cast who were annoying: the whiny, creepy howard rosenstein. i'm not sure, but i think he was supposed to be cast as a stud. in fact, he's as big a loser and goof ball as his name would imply. which would explain why the character played by the equally annoying gillian leigh fell for him.i checked gillian leigh on her link on imdb, and apparently it's important to know that she graduated high school with honors. i can't decide if it's more amusing or pathetic to know that only a couple years after graduation, the honor student is doing nude soft-core porn scenes in a shower with a guy named howard rosenstein. wonder if her former classmates have seen this movie? if they have, hopefully they'll get the message: avoid this fate! go to college!!! i could go on and on, but why. if you like gore, you'll find something redeeming in this flick, but not much more.

four porn stars romping through the irish woods sounds like a film to watch. we have ginger lynn allen, chasey lain, taylor hayes, and jenna jameson all together in one film. are you licking your lips? well the mutant creatures who resulted from centuries of inbreeding were certainly licking their lips as they feasted on the entrails of their victims.yes, there was some flesh exposed - far too little considering the cast - but, it was soon ripped open to expose dinner for these creatures. there was definitely some action that probably has not been seen before, and more than one person lost their head in the situation.unfortunately, director christian viel did not show much promise and i am not likely to watch his later efforts.

thanks to this film, i now can answer the question, "what is the worst movie you have ever seen?"i can't even think of a close second, and i've seen some really bad movies.absolutely nothing works in this film. name a single element of any horror film and this movie fails. honestly, i've seen better on youtube. here's some typical dialogue:"steve?" "steve?" "steve, is that you?" "steve, i'm not kidding" "steve, this isn't funny!" "steve, are you there?" "steve?" "steve?" "steve?""arggh!!!! ahhhhhh!!!! nooooooo!"

i had to register for imdb just to post a comment on just how awful this movie is...my cats and a ball of string have a better storyline than this. not the worst acting i've ever seen, but when you wipe out almost the entire cast of the movie within 5 minutes, it leaves a bit to be desired. there wasn't a single 'scare' moment in the movie, with the exception of when they were watching the movie 'halloween' on the tv. all around, it seems like it could've been a good story, rolling the credits and saying that chasey lain was in it was a bit of a loss as i didn't recognize her right away and her scene was already over before i could've said 'oh yeah, there she is'. i'm so glad i saw this in a hotel and didn't pay for it as i'd be real ticked if i had payed a cent to see this. i normally like or can at least find a redeeming factor in a movie, but this one is an exception. it's so bad that it's not even that amusing so-good-it's-bad....it's just plain bad.

this is it. this is the one. this is the worst movie ever made. ever. it beats everything. i have never seen worse. retire the trophy and give it to these people.....there's just no comparison.even three days after watching this (for some reason i still don't know why) i cannot believe how insanely horrific this movie is/was. its so bad. so far from anything that could be considered a movie, a story or anything that should have ever been created and brought into our existence.this made me question whether or not humans are truly put on this earth to do good. it made me feel disgusted with ourselves and our progress as a species in this universe. this type of movie sincerely hurts us as a society. we should be ashamed. i really cannot emphasize that our global responsibility as people living here and creating art, is that we need to prevent the creation of these gross distortions of our reality for our own good. it's an embarrassment. i don't know how on earth any of these actors, writers, or the director of this film sleeps at night knowing that they had a role in making "loaded". i don't know what type of disgusting monsters enjoy watching these types of movies.that being said, i love a good "bad" movie. i love shark attack 3, i love bad taste, they are hilarious. i tell all my friends to see them because they are "bad".but this.......this crosses the line of "bad" into a whole new dimension. this is awkward bad. this is the bad where you know everything that is going to happen, every line, every action, every death, every sequence before they happen; and not just like a second or two before, i mean like, after watching the first 5 minutes before.every cheesy editing "effect" is shamelessly used over and over again to a sickening point. i really never want to see the "shaky" camera "drug buzz rush" effect or jump cuts or swerve cuts or any fancy cut ever again ever. this is meticulously boring, repetitive and just tortures the audience.but.......and let me be specific here, the most disturbing thing about this movie is that given the production, it appears that a somewhat decent amount of money was actually put into this excrement. i personally will grab the shoulders of the director if i ever see him and shake him into submission, demanding that he run home and swallow two-gallons of drain-o or i will do it for him.if we ever needed a new form of inhumane torture for our war prisoners abroad, just keep showing them this movie in a padded cell over and over again. trust me, i think they will become more extravagant with suicide methods after the 72nd time of sitting through this.stop these movies, they are just the most vile of all facets of our society. please. stop. now.

was this tim meadows first acting role in a movie? the character, leon, is funny enough but shortly after that the sexual jokes and humor are too dumb to listen to anymore. some movies can get away with the sexual jokes, and base their audiences to know that right when the advertising comes on. some movies that do this are american pie and scary movie. scary movie was stupid, and american pie wouldnt have done well without the sexual jokes. the only role, besides leon, that had some humor that followed was will ferrell. the character really was dumb and that was all, the dumb humor was all that had me watching. the movie was ok, and nothing else. i dont really understand why the snl people that are dying to leave the show always get a movie based on a character they played on the show. the skits last about 5 minutes, and if they can make a movie off a 5 minute skit, then what is the world coming to? molly shannon had superstar, cheri o'terri had scary movie, but she wasnt a leading role, and will had elf. but that was good, but he did some dumb movie, but i cant remember, and mike myers with wayne's world. how come the mad tv crew dont ever get movie deals? seen only one guy break through, but only in like 2 movies and a tv show with andy dick. but that guy relies on comedy for his life to continue, funny or not. this movie is not good, but had some positive humor. what a waste of film and people's money. (d d-)

i rented this tape a couple of years ago, and boy did it suck. from the commercials, i was lead to believe that this was a movie about a guy who had no no luck with women, and that was where the comedy would lie. boy was i wrong. the jokes were vulgar, and they were just not funny. don't bother. 1/10

i think i laughed twice. the line where the main character says something about being from the streets. and then i forget the other time i laughed. it was probably in the beginning.this has to be one of the thinnest movies ever. doesn't hollywood realize that this kind of humor is degrading and sad, really. you can only insult yourself so many times.2/10

first of all, i'd like to say that i love the "ladies' man" sketch on snl. i always laugh out loud at tim meadows' portrayal of leon phelps. however, there is a difference between an 8-minute sketch and a feature-length movie. watching leon doing his show and making obscene comments to his listeners and coming up with all sorts of segments for his show, like "the ladies man presents..." which is reminiscent of "alfred hitchcock presents..." is absolutely hilarious. there's a great episode where cameron diaz role-plays monica lewinski, and leon plays bill and they call it "the oral office." see, that's funny!!! in the movie, we don't see leon on the show too often. in fact, he gets kicked out of almost every radio station in the country. and the plot revolves around his quest for true love, involving a mystery letter that got dropped off at his houseboat, signed by "sweet thing." karyn parsons, who is famous for playing hillary on "fresh prince of bel air," works with him on the show and has a secret crush on leon. the movie just piles on one boring subplot after another. and the gags are boring as well. the first time we see leon mention the word "wang" it's pretty funny. when he uses it over and over again, supposedly trying to get a laugh, the joke has run dry. most of the jokes he uses in the film are jokes we heard before, and done better, on the snl sketch and played out tediously for a whole hour and twenty-five minutes. they even try to insert a musical number by will ferrell and his gang of ladies' man haters, who all want to destroy him because their wives had an affair with him, to bring some life into this witless comedy. ferrell has some funny moments, and tries to make the best out of an otherwise unfunny role. ferrell just has that unique comic talent, and he's funny at almost anything he does. even julianne moore gets a cameo. watching her, you can't but wonder "what the hell is an oscar-winning actress doing in this movie??!!!!" her name wasn't mentioned in the opening credits--probably by her consent. and of course a movie of this theme has to include the master of love himself, billy dee williams. billy dee is charismatic as always, but even he can't breathe enough life into this film. i also have to add that the soundtrack is full of soft r & b hits, which impairs the film even more, giving it a horribly downbeat tone--as if the script isn't boring enough. i mean, this is "supposed" to be a comedy. the soundtrack would've been appropriate for something like "love jones." "the ladies man" only has sporadic laughs. there are exceptions in which snl can produce a great movie out of a short sketch. watch both of the "wayne's world" movies, and you'll see how it's done. but this movie, just like adapting mary catherine gallagher's character to screen in "superstar," shows the flip side. some sketches are meant to be remembered on snl, and not on the silver screen.my score: 3 (out of 10)

i rented this movie for a few laughs. i had never seen the snl skit, but with hits like tommy boy, and waynes world, it couldn't have been that bad, could it? the answer: it was. this movie hardly was a means of relaxing after a hard day at work. i just kept waiting for a plotline and a funny part, but there wasn't any. the highlight was tiffany amber thieson, and thats just about it.

i could name plenty of funny movies. there are comedies that set out to be funny, and are. some movies, like a gymkata for example, try to be serious but end up funny. the ladies man is a film that is desperately trying to be funny, but could not be less funny if it was about a guy who got a lot of chicks in the middle of the wreckage of a nuclear holocaust. it's anti-funny.i don't think i laughed harder than a chuckle at anything in this movie. it's simply unfunny. it's boring, stupid, inane, annoying, mind-bogglingly bad, but not funny. i don't particularly care for tim meadows, or this character from snl, but i expected better than this.the movie is completely lacking logic or common sense. it's like the script writer had a bag over his head while he was typing and he couldn't see which keys he was hitting. they tell the "origin" of the ladies man, but fail to include a motivation for his bizarre fascination with acting like it's still the seventies. the movie tries to get humor out of a man who appears to pleasuring himself to porn, shortly after he tried to hang himself. this is comedy? i like to consider myself having a pretty keen sense of humor (spending a lot of time writing comedy as i do), but maybe i'm just not quite bright enough for this film.lee evans, so funny as tucker in there's something about mary, is outrageously bad here. i was pleading with him in my head to shut up.by the end i was pounding on my chair, muttering under my breath, and had the film gone on any longer, would probably have attempted suicide. this film might not be as bad as battlefield earth, but it's the first movie i've seen that's come close.

lorne michaels once again proves that he has absolutely no business producing movies.you'd think that after such dismal flicks "superstar", "night at the roxbury", and "coneheads", he'd start to get the notion that maybe he doesn't know what he's doing when it comes to movies (and many would argue that he doesn't know what he's doing when it comes to television, as well). trying to make feature films out of skits that wore out their welcome the third time the were done on snl makes no sense.i personally like tim meadows, and think that he would be great in the right movie. it's a shame to see a talented guy wasted in a film that features unfunny after unfunny situation, and caps it all with a dreadfully bad song and dance scene. any laughs here will be because the movie is so bad, not because it's funny.oh well, at least we can be thankful that there are many other tired snl characters who will never have films done about them. it's just too bad that this one made it to the big screen.

while leon is cute on snl, he's only on for a minute. like most snl skits-to-movies, this one can't fill 90 minutes. it has some cute moments (the ones you've seen in the trailer) but the actors are largely wasted. tim meadows does his best but the plot just doesn't have many high points. will farrell has a bit part. farrell may be the funniest man alive... but not in this movie. what a shame.

i honestly don't understand how tripe like this gets made. the worst junior-high talent show skit you've ever seen is more entertaining than this film. will ferrell's wrestling fetish provides the only (briefly) humorous moments. utterly horrible.

the ladies man is a funny movie. there's not much thought behind it, but what do you expect from an snl movie? it's actually better than most snl movies (i.e. superstar or a night at the roxbury) tim meadows and will ferrell were both very funny. chris parnell was also funny in his short scene (one of the funnier ones in the movie). other than that, the rest of the cast is average and is just there to support meadows. i've definitely seen funnier movies, but i've seen dumber ones too. again, it's not exactly a deep movie, but it's good for a few laughs. it was funnier as a skit though. but still, if you're looking for a pretty funny movie, i'd recommend this one. just don't think about it too much, or you'll hate it.rating: 6/10

this film was very well advertised. i am an avid movie goer and have seen previews for this movie for months. while i was somewhat skeptical of how funny this movie would actually be, my friends thought it was going to be great and hyped me up about it. then i went and saw it, i was sunk down in my seat almost asleep until i remembered that i had paid for this movie. i made myself laugh at most of the stuff in the movie just so i wouldnt feel bad and destroy the good mood i was in, plus i wanted to get my monies worth out of the movie! i always go into a movie with an open mind, not trying to go into them with too many expectations, but this movie was not that funny. now it wasnt the worst movie i've ever seen, but it is definitely worth waiting for hbo. if you havent seen many previews for the movie or you like very slow and corny comedies you may enjoy it, but for true comedy fans id say pass. maybe even check out the kings of comedy again. something told me to go see meet the parents instead!!!

this movie really deserves the mst3k treatment. a pseudo-ancient fantasy hack-n-slash tale featuring twin barbarian brothers with a collective iq of hot water, character names that seem to have been derived from a mad libs book, and such classic lines as "hold her down and uncover her belly!", the barbarians crosses over into the "so bad, it's good" territory.

cannon pulled off a real visual beauty of a medieval epic that appears fascinating (except for the dragon prop). now just how did the long-gone studio known for chuck norris movies ever come up with a complete lack of knowledge in the first place? case in point: the amateurish acting and horrible plot is a sign that reviving the medieval legend is no cure for some lousy execution. they actually went on and made another cheap exploitationer featuring hundreds of lusty bimbos, just to make this look even better. for the two "barbarian brothers", they sure know how to make weird noises than becoming brave warriors so strong and bold enough to save their native land. this is the single greatest waste of potential i've seen from an "expensive" low-budget movie, and worse enough to let an axe strike through the gorgeous print without mercy. all of this followed an advertising campaign that sold t-shirts based on the barbarians! the movie alone makes a great souvenir!

when i decided to watch the barbarians, starring those twin bodybuilders, peter and david paul, i thought it couldn't be that bad because the film was directed by ruggero deodato, who has a reputation for creating sleazy movies but well made sleazy movies. well, the barbarians is remarkably trashy action/adventure movie that wants to be another conan the barbarian, and fails at every level. the look of the film is all wrong. some scenes were well shot but the tone and the schintzy, tacky "disco" look of the clothes and hair people are adorned with just doesn't make any sense whatsoever, even for a low budget flick like this one.richard lynch looks like an old woman with that ridiculous hairdo and costume. he's supposed to be menacing but he comes across as a buffoon. and it's funny to see eva larue callahan, one of the stars of all my children, appear in her first movie, walking around in skimpy fur bikini. i'm sure she wants this dreck to disappear from the face of the earth! the so-called barbarian twins are okay as the muscle bound heroes but it's almost impossible to construct a proper critique of their acting because their roles are, like everything else in this mess, really ill-conceived. the only way the film tries to differentiate one twin from the other is by having one twin wear a loincloth that covers his ass, while the other twin's loincloth barely covers his muscular butt. i'm not kidding! don't ask me who's who though.deodato must have been really desperate to agree to make this film. and his desperation is reflected perfectly in this trashy flick. it's just bad.

i was china in this film. i choose the screen name sheeba alahani because i was modeling at the time in italy and they couldn't pronounce my real name correctly, so i choose sheeba and then added alahani since it was similar to alohalani.i had never acted before (and it shows), but it was so much fun to film. they gave me "acting lessons" each morning (which obviously were not useful). they dubbed my voice (thank goodness).david and peter were a blast on the set, full of good humor and jokes. this film was never meant to be taken seriously, it was a tax write off according to inside information. i give it a 1 because i have a sense of humor, but a 10 for the fun i had "acting" in it.

the movie is basically a boring string of appalling clichés which do not offer a real cross-cultural insight. the middle eastern leg of the journey is described in a particularly irritating way: there obviously are mud brick villages, dirt tracks in the middle of the desert, women clad in black robes and belly dancers. i wonder how camels and date palm trees were missing from the whole picture. the personality of the two main characters is very clumsily sketched and many situations are hardly credible. the original idea might have been interesting, but at the end of the day if you are looking for cultural insight, you should skip this movie.

this was one of the worst movies i have ever seen. the plot is awful, and the acting is worse. the jokes that are attempted absolutley suck. don't bother to waste your time on a dumb movie such as this. and if for some reason that you do want to see this movie, don't watch it with your parents.

this may very well be the worst movie i'll see if i live to be 100. i think a group of first-graders could have come up with better plot lines as a class project than this. i'm dumber for having watched it, and god have mercy on the souls who were paid to produce this film.and after i finally turned it off, i actually had the urge to vomit.no one had a clue about photography when made this. no one had a clue about acting. no one had a clue about just about anything.i can't believe f/x shows this crap on occasion. the only time i had seen it was on one of the starz! channels - not even the main one. and it was on at about 3 a.m. at that.

this film can not even be said to be bad for it is sadly, just painfully mediocre. lacking any real wit or imagination, a thin plot is stretched to the absolute limit and the `jokes' (which are predictable and threadbare) are spun out to such inordinate length that boredom and yawns quickly overtake the viewer. another notch to mark the sad decline of john waters and a reminder that what `shocked' or amused us 30 years ago doesn't work quite the same way now. we've seen it all before, and it no longer breaks any taboos because they have long since evaporated. a major miss.

whoever gave this movie rave reviews needs to see more movies.a loser takes his camera and photographs his mental family. the movie is filled with idiots and includes live "teabagging". that should sum it all up for you.do not waste your time. you may want to watch the entire movie in the hopes that it gets better as it goes on - it doesn't!

the only saving grace of this movie is that it serves as the 0 end of the movie rating scale. now if i see a movie that really stinks i say this movie was a real pecker. i believe this movie is a perfect example of christina ricci's one dimensional acting. horrible

i saw this movie at sundance 2005 and was stunned at how bad it was, although based on the catalog description i was excited to see it. supposedly a "mockumentary" of two high school students making a documentary of high school life, it featured bad acting, bad directing, completely lack of engaging characters as written, and all-around is a total bust. i love good movies about high school, and this is not one of them. the characters are one-dimensional and self-consciously "cool" although they are supposed to be outcasts. you get the overall impression of a bunch of people sitting around making an on-purposely-bad movie to show their friends, yet somehow it got into sundance. mystifying.

...was so that i could, in good conscience, tell everyone how horrible this movie is. i barely made it through twenty minutes before i started thinking to myself,"wow, this is pretty bad.". and, to be honest, i would've given this movie 1 star if it wasn't for esai morales (though he had very little screen time). he's the movie's only well-acted role, which is a shame because i really like gil bellows...or at least i thought i did.while watching this i started thinking back to his part in "shawshank redemption" and realized it wasn't as good as i thought it was. problem: his jail-house/tough guy act seems like it's just that, an act; his dialogue sounded like he was doing a very poor impression. has he ever met someone who speaks like his character was supposed to? i doubt it, but maybe he should have.and, to make matters worse, they've managed to inject a little jail-house philosophy and make it seem nothing short of contrived, especially when you consider that the rhetoric was being spouted by a "rasta" who's accent was so strong that it seemed unnatural.i wouldn't normally slam a movie like this, but when i saw the movie it had a fairly favorable review. i felt like i was cheated and lied to, and i thought i should try to save someone the misery of having to watch this movie.i say boooooooo.

not one of the better pokemon movies.two legendary pokemon come into the story. you do get to see how strong celebi can be, though he turns evil first.suicune also makes an appearance, he didn't seem that powerful.the marauder didn't have many strong pokemon at all, except for that taranitar? some fight scenes with his pokemon may have made it better.ash and pikachu meet the much younger professor oak, though they don't realise it. misty i was thinking had it at the end but she didn't get close. i saw this in the credits.don't expect much here, the worst of the series so far.

this movie is rated a classic on sentiment not on any quality of movie-making. it moves from the unlikely to the unbelievable, from the unrealistic to the ludicrous.the unbelievable plot revolves around an attempt by two british soldiers and a hindu gofer to rescue a third soldier who has been captured by insurgent indians. in the later scene we see a full regiment with drum and bagpipes marching into an ambush. in the british army, a sergeant does not order up a rescue attempt, and if you get past that, he does not attempt it with only one other soldier and an indian servant when there is a full regiment on hand. the indian insurgents are so incredibly inept it is laughable...there are hundreds of them but they can't hold their prisoner or kill the two rescuers, of course not. at one point we see the british soldiers throwing blocks of stone down from the battlements at the insurgents, who are scattered around the mountainside in ambush...one would have to have an eggplant for a brain to think this would do any damage. after cary grant as the rescued prisoner is shot, he lies on the floor looking around at the water boy...hardly the actions of someone who has been shot in the back. the water boy bravely blows a bugle (which comes from nowhere) to sound the alarm...this he does by standing up high on a wall so he can be seen and shot by the bad guys, and we shed a tear as he keeps trying to sound more notes as he is repeatedly shot and the bugle call breaks up into feeble squawks...instead of blowing the bugle while hiding behind cover as anybody with half a brain would do. this scene has deservedly been parodied in comedy sketches. if they wanted to make a buster keaton comedy, they should have hired keaton and done it better.

this movie is about as underrated as police acadmey mission to moscow. this movie is never funny. it's maybe the worst comedy spoof ever made. very boring,and dumb beyond belief. for those people that think this movie is underrated god help you. i give this movie * out of ****

national lampoon's class reunion was a flop when it was released. it didn't stay long in theaters in my big city. why? because it's bad!!!!!not bad in a good way but bad in a really painfully unfunny way. the entire cast of actors were mostly unknowns then and have remained unknowns after this turkey.the idea is actually great (a parody of slasher flicks) but the execution is sorely lacking in every aspect. just avoid this "comedy". your time is more precious than spending a nanosecond watching this embarrassing misfire.

there are lots of extremely good-looking people in this movie. that's probably the best thing about it. perhaps that even makes it worth watching."loaded" tells the story of tristan price (jesse metcalfe), a young man who's about to make his mark on the world. he's the son of a well-to-do family with a good reputation, and he's on his way to law school. but like so many such settings, things aren't quite as perfect as they appear. the expectations in this family far outweigh the love. except for school, tristan's father rarely lets him leave the house. this seems to be the result of some past traumatic event that shook the family, which is partially revealed through flashbacks but isn't spelled out until the very end. tristan's claustrophobic environment causes him to let loose in very extreme ways at the first possible opportunity, when his friends take him out to a strip club to celebrate his graduation. the celebration soon follows some strippers back to a beach house party, and from there, tristan befriends sebastian cole (corey large), who pulls him into a drug dealing underworld.while technically well-made, this movie suffers from a lackluster script and a storyline that isn't very engaging. also counting against this film are some constant camera tricks that generally seemed annoying and out-of-place, such as slow-motion, fast-motion, freeze-frames and echos. these are the types of effects a director might normally utilize to show a character's perspective while on drugs, except in this case they seem to have been sporadically tossed in at random points, in some cheap attempt at style.despite its cast of relative unknowns, performances were good all around, most notably with respect to the main antagonist (corey large). i suspect we'll be seeing at least a couple of these people in bigger and better projects in the future.of course, when mentioning the actors, i must mention their looks. rating based on hotness, this movies scores an 11. the women in this movie are incredible-looking and almost distract you from what a boring movie you're watching. i'm sure the male characters are also quite attractive, but you'll have to ask someone else to comment on that.overall, i can't recommend this movie, not for buying, renting, or even seeing for free. it's unfortunately just not worth the effort it takes to sit through.

the biggest national lampoon hit remains "animal house", and rightly so. it was funny, raucous and good-natured.the exact opposite of every other national lampoon film. including "class reunion".please do not be fooled by the inclusion of stephen furst ("flounder") from "animal house". or by the fact that john hughes wrote this jumbled mess. this reunion is about as hilarious as root canal and twice as painful.one star, and that's being generous. then again, i always thought most of my old classmates were demons, vampires and serial killers, too.

stereotypical send up of slasher flicks falls far short as supposed entertainment. gerrit graham, michael lerner, zane busby, and in fact the entire cast are totally wasted. lame jokes abound, and every punch line is well telegraphed. the dumb one liners come at a fast pace, and almost every one falls flat as a squashed grape. the musical numbers only contribute to the boredom that sets in and lingers for the entire movie. another negative is the claustrophobic setting entirely within the walls of an abandoned high school. avoid this and seek out one of "lampoon's" truly funny films like "national lampoon's golddiggers" - merk

anyone who thinks this film has not been appreciated for its comic genius must have been smoking with the two stoners in the film. this film is not under-rated...it is a bad movie. there should be no comparisons between this film and the naked gun or airplane since the latter two films are well written and funny. class reunion is neither of those things. the sad thing is it had such potential (good cast, good story lines) but the good jokes are few and far between. the scenes that were supposed to be funny came off more annoying than amusing. the stoner guys, the vampire, the blind girl...not funny. the only funny character were delores (the one who sold her soul to the devil).national lampoon has made some really good films (animal house, vacation) but this isn't one of them. i certainly expected more from john hughes.

if it wasn't for the performances of barry diamond and art evans as the clueless stoners, i would have no reason to recommend this to anyone.the plot centers around a 10 year high school reunion, which takes place in a supposed abandon high school(looks more like a prop from a 1950s low budget horror flick), and the deranged student the class pulled a very traumatizing prank on. this student desires to kill off the entire class for revenge.john hughes falls in love with his characters too much, as only one student is killed as well as the lunch lady(goonies' anne ramsey). we're led to believe that the horny coupled gets killed, but never see a blasted thing! this is a horrible movie that continued national lampoon's downward spiral throughout the 80s and 90s.

remember a film you seemed to enjoy in the past that doesn't quite meet those same feelings as an adult? that occurred to me when i went back to school..the national lampoon's class reunion. the film has a perfect opportunity for laughs, but surprisingly wanders aimlessly as we see a bizarre collection of characters such a woman who sold her soul to the devil and can shoot out flames of fire from her mouth, a man who appears to be a vampire, and a lunatic killer dressed as a woman and wears sacks over his head. you have the class president who believes he's the best thing since sliced bread(but as we see in the film, he's a coward and joke), a couple of pot smokers who don't even know they are at their own class reunion, and a man named gary for whom know one even knew existed(and no one can seem to remember his name..this is the one running joke i enjoyed). there is a plump pervert who likes to grab women in inappropriate places, a deaf and blind woman who has a screeching holler when calling for her dog, and the cook(you know her from "goonies" and "throw mama from the train")who loves to place food on people's plates with her hands! the film is essentially about a nutcase who is(or at least attempting to)taking revenge on his classmates for a gag they pulled on him(they arranged for him to sleep with his own twin sister!). the film follows the characters as they search for the killer canvasing darkened, trashed hallways of the old high school. they were told of the killer by his psychologist who seems a bit odd himself. the film has a few good gags that work(pretty much early on), but the film slowly gets worse each passing minute. the film's true problem is that it really doesn't know where to go. the film is pretty much a one-joke premise for it has unassured direction..if it really has any direction at all. the cast is enthusiastic enough, but the material they are to make funny just doesn't have the quality to hold any interest. it's a curio for fans of early 80's comedy relics that are forgotten(this one rightfully so).

recently, i saw the documentary "the revolution will not be televised", also know as "chávez: inside the coup". at first i thought it showed a genuine inside view of events during the venezuela coup of april 2002. what bothered me though was the fact that the tone of the narration and the accompanying music were suggestive, and that at no point any criticism was expressed about hugo chávez. this is peculiar because if a documentary is giving an non-biased account of what happened, there should have been some of that too. after all, chávez certainly is not a saint. fortunately, since the documentary is several years old, a lot of additional information is available on the internet nowadays, and it was not difficult to find for instance "urgent investigation about chavez-the coup by the 5 european tv corporations who financed the film which presents blatant falsehoods about venezuela." it lists the many errors and intended or unintended falsifications in the documentary. (just use the title as a search string in google, you will find it). another interesting document was the video registration of a presentation of the findings of the many errors in this documentary, "x-ray of a lie". to me it seems to be a good counterweight to "chávez: inside the coup" it's available at video.google. i strongly advice you after watching "chávez: inside the coup" to look at "x-ray of a lie" and then form your opinion. my conclusion is that kim bartley and donnacha o'brian were (knowingly or not) part in chávez-propaganda.

in this movie, chávez supporters (either venezuelan and not-venezuelan) just lie about a dramatic situation in our country. they did not say that the conflict started because of chávez announcement firing a lot of pdvsa best workers just for political issues.they did not say anything about more than 96 tv interruptions transmitted by chávez during only 3 days in "cadena nacional" (a kind of confiscation o private tv signals). each one with about 20 minutes of duration.they did not tell us anything about the quiting announcement made by general en jefe lucas rincon romero, inspector general of the army forces, who is a traditional supporter of chávez. even now, in despite of his announcement, he is the ministro de interior y justicia. after chávez return he occuped the charge of ministro del defensa (equals to defense secretary in us).they did not say anything about chávez orders about shooting against a pacifical people concentration who was claiming for elections.they did not say anything about the people in this concentration that were killed by chávez supporters (either civilians and military official forces).they present some facts in a wrong order, in order to lie.they did not say anything about venezuelan civilian society thats are even now claiming for an elections in order to solve the crisis and chávez actions in order to avoid the elections.that's why i tell you.... this movie is just a lot of lies or a big lie.

this "documentary" is a proof of talent being used for mean purposes. the fact that it is financed by the venezuelan government gives it a lack of legitimacy in the purpose of searching for the truth of what really happened those horrible days of april 2002 in venezuela, something even we venezuelans don't know for sure.there are ways of lying, and the directors of this stuff lie both by omission and by knowledge. the venezuelan political process is too complex to be easily understood by foreign audiences, and they take advantage of that. for instance *possible spoilers* they show pro-chávez demonstrators shooting at an empty street (what the hell they did that for?) in a way of saying they didn't kill anyone, but didn't bother showing the images we all saw here, of opposition demonstrators (and a journalist) falling dead or injured at the other side of that "empty" street. they can't explain why the chopper of the political police was the only one authorised to fly over caracas that day and did nothing against the snipers that were all over the roofs of the buildings nearby the presidential palace, something that would exhibit how inefficient would be the security measures to guard the president. a few days after the "coup", the chief of the military guard in charge was asked at the national assembly (our congress) why didn't they act against the snipers and he said "'cause they weren't there to act against the president", isn't that a confession?there is so much more, the fact that the highest rank military announced that chávez had resigned and 2 days later he said he had lied because "that's politics" and nowadays is the minister of internal affairs of chávez' administration.it would take me thousands of words to explain all the lies depicted in this "documentary", made with the intention of selling the world an image of the good old hugo chávez who rules for the poor and the bad rich opposition that wants him out at all costs, when the truth is that 60-70% of people rejects his government, and that percentage includes the poor.i hope those of you who have seen and bought this will be able to see a different version that is being made by a group of venezuelan people showing no less than 30 lies.nazi propaganda has returned!

(48 out of 278 people found this comment useful, and counting...)people are such suckers for image and looks - as much as for the intellectually hollow "idealism" that lurks behind communism. che's charisma and looks have as much to do with his iconic stature as the misinformation that has been spread by leftist propaganda (such as this movie) about him.i don't know what's worse: being captured by one of che's murder-squads or having to sit through 4 hours of this typically soderberghian garbage. the question isn't why this pet-project was made but what took them so long. by "them" i'm referring, of course, to left-wing hollywood and its "secret" love of marxist tyrants (lenin, castro... take your pick). i am fascinated that it took decades for one of tinseltown's least talented liberal directors to finally take on such an irresistibly biased propaganda project. where was oliver stone all these years? robert redford? tim robbins? warren beatty? alan pakula? george clooney? barbra streisand even? it's a mystery. all these overrated "artists" have often indulging themselves in similar, politically one-sided projects, yet somehow che guevara, who is arguably the most popular and well-known communist, hasn't been a film topic of theirs yet."guerrilla" has all the hallmarks of an american truth-bending story of an epic scale; there is as much factual detail to be found here as in other similar hollywood big-budget political fairy-tale bios such as "malcolm x" or "gandhi", i.e. almost none. the movie stars del toro as the famous argentinian revolutionary. nevertheless, however controversial and criminal this man's actions may have been, one thing nobody could take away from him: he was an intelligent manipulator who came from a rich family - which is why del toro fits the bill only visually. del toro may be an interesting, charismatic actor and he may resemble guevara physically, but he exudes no intellectual qualities whatsoever, hence he makes guevara come off as too primitive. casting such mediocrities as bratt, philips and franka incompetente only underlines the director's lack of sound judgment.the movie is to the most part extremely slow (no surprise there), and visually uninteresting. even a director as brilliant as kubrick would have carefully considered releasing a movie that goes beyond the 3-hour mark, so it's quite telling that this soderbergh, who has only made one or two solid movies and early on in his career, would think that his oceanic grandness was up to the task. if you think the film's length indicates that a bulk of che's life has been shown here - then think again. soderbergh focuses on che's last phase, and a lot of the movie is tedious jungle nonsense, full of guevara's alleged idealism. (psychopaths don't have ideals.) i do wonder what kind of a mind this highly esteemed director has to have to actually choose to ignore some of che's earlier life. did he actually consider it too uninteresting? a massacre of 600 people holds no interest for the viewer, huh? amazing. some much better directors than this over-praised charlatan would have easily fit not one but two complete biographies into a 4-hour movie.soderbergh, in a sense, becomes an accomplice by never addressing the negative, dark side - which is more than 90% - of guevara. by spreading this kind of historical inaccuracy, consciously ignoring the ugly truth (god forbid he should taint the holy image of che), soderbergh proves himself not a humanist - a fake image which most hollywood and pop music personalities struggle very hard all their careers to uphold - but the opposite: that he cares only about ideas, never about the people on whom these ideas are tested (like on guinea pigs). soderbergh and the like are elitists of the worst kind; such people often have a latent contempt for the "proleteriat" (what a stupid term) they're supposedly siding with.half of all students around the world wear che's image on their red and orange shirts, but without ever knowing why. he has become an iconic figure for clueless, uninformed, very often young people, who think that by having this man's face on their chest that somehow makes them appear "edgy", intellectual, hip or interesting. in reality, wearing a che shirt only underlines one's overall shallowness and total disinterest in self-education. (wouldn't you want to find out more about a person before you start advertising his/her face to the world?) wearing che's by-now cliché image has become as common as having a bart simpson coffee cup. all those "che-wearers" probably know more about marge's blue hair than they'll ever read up on about fidel castro's dead ally.after everything that'd been done in the name of marx, one would think that these mongrel "ideals" would be finally laid to rest. it seems mankind will never learn. stalin, mao, kim il, pol pot, castro, milosevic, ceausescu, the iron curtain, a hundred million dead, more than a billion ruined physically and/or mentally through this system... so none of that matters, huh? the fact that del toro won a cannes award should only surprise those who are absolutely clueless as to how cannes and other european festivals work - and vote. hint: sean penn headed a jury not long ago.for my music-related rants, go to: http://rateyourmusic.com/collection/fedor8/

the first part, che in cuba, is about that portion of his life. it contains too many indistinguishable battles and che ministering to too many indistinguishable wounded (remember that che was a physician). it ends as castro wins the revolution; che never gets to havana. the second part, che in bolivia, is about guess what. it contains too many indistinguishable battles and che ministering to too many indistinguishable wounded.when i realized this was supposed to be an "epic" (i never knew *anything* but the title before it started), i naturally thought of the greatest epic of them all, david lean's lawrence of arabia. more of that later.not to be a racist, but aside from what i've already mentioned is the fact that there are too many characters who are, well, indistinguishable -- unknown hispanic actors who look alike, especially considering they all wear "che" beards and all wear che fatigues. this results in the viewer not being able to identify with anyone other than che, benicio del toro (even fidel has a very minor role). while del toro's terrific, think of "lawrence" with peter o'toole as the only discernible character: no alec guinness, no omar sharif, no anthony quinn, etc. you get the idea.because the other characters are interchangeable, this results in a loss of reference. when top aides of che are killed, you feel no remorse since you don't know who they are. even when che is killed (i don't think that's a spoiler), there's no empathy from the audience -- he's just killed.he's too one-dimensional to relate to as a human being. aside from being a revolutionary and second only to jesus in moral rectitude, the only thing we learn about che is that he's married with five children (he tells another character that near the end). what was his motivation? a complete enigma.maybe soderbergh is purposely aping lean. like soderbergh's che, lean never lets us know anything about lawrence, the mystery man of arabia. but at least lawrence had a friend (sharif) and associates (guinness, quinn). he was as courageous as he was insecure -- i.e., had human qualities. che is like a machine, about as warm as the terminator.earlier this year there was another war epic, mongol. che makes mongol look like it's a wonderful life.

what i found so curious about this film--i saw the full 4 hour roadshow version, is how oddly dispassionate it is. for a film about 2 very charismatic men--castro and che, engaged in a gargantuan political struggle, it's almost totally devoid of emotional fire. the scenes between benicio del toro and demian bichir (who is at best a second level actor,with a slightly high pitched voice) have no drama or depth and basically come down to castro telling che: go here, go there, do this and that, with no explanation as to what effect or use this action will result in. odder still is there is an actor in the cast who has the requisite power to play castro--joaquim de almeida, but he's shunted aside in a minor part in the second half. without the tension or passion that you would expect to fire these men and their followers, the film becomes a dullish epic-length film about hairy, bearded men running through various jungles shouting and shooting to no particular purpose or end. several of the reviews i've read showered praise on the work of director steven soderbergh while ignoring the actors almost completely. (one in fact spent more time talking about soderbergh's new digital film camera than the plot or actors or the fact that it's entirely in spanish with english subtitles.)this is an odd, odd thing to do since a) soderbergh was only a hired gun on the film and b) it's no more than a competent job of work, with an unremarked upon nod to oliver stone's jfk in the black and white cut up camera-work when che visits new york. if you can imagine reds directed by andrew mclaglen instead of warren beatty, you'd get an idea of the dull competency of this movie.

i think that's this is awful produced and directed movie. benicio del toro shouldn't work in production of movies, he should put accent on his acting and that's it. steven soderbergh missed the whole point of the idea about revolution, about it's ideals, and most important about life of che guevara and so on. camera is awful, like someone with 2 day working experience is shooting with it, music is ...i don't know..is there some music in the movie???? i will not recommended this piece of sh.. to no one. it's just wasting about 4 hours in front of the tv or whatever.... i can't figure out how can someone rate this movie more than 3 stars. disaster....disaster....disaster....disaster don't watch please. save yourself from this misery of "movie"

it is incredible that with all of the countless crimes that have been uncovered and laid unequivocally at the doorstep of marxism, from the berlin wall to the gulag archipelago to the cultural revolution to the khmer rouge, one still finds admirers of communist totalitarianism in hollywood and are still making propaganda in its favor. it just shows the moral depravity of hollywood.in this particular film a psychotic murderer is glorified. needless to say that neither his crimes nor his psychotic proclamations were included. that both the director and the actor expect audiences to sit through this seemingly interminable propagandistic film demonstrates the tunnel vision that they have in regards to their object of worship.

now that che(2008) has finished its relatively short australian cinema run (extremely limited release:1 screen in sydney, after 6wks), i can guiltlessly join both hosts of "at the movies" in taking steven soderbergh to task.it's usually satisfying to watch a film director change his style/subject, but soderbergh's most recent stinker, the girlfriend experience(2009), was also missing a story, so narrative (and editing?) seem to suddenly be soderbergh's main challenge. strange, after 20-odd years in the business. he was probably never much good at narrative, just hid it well inside "edgy" projects.none of this excuses him this present, almost diabolical failure. as david stratton warns, "two parts of che don't (even) make a whole". epic biopic in name only, che(2008) barely qualifies as a feature film! it certainly has no legs, inasmuch as except for its uncharacteristic ultimate resolution forced upon it by history, soderbergh's 4.5hrs-long dirge just goes nowhere.even margaret pomeranz, the more forgiving of australia's at the movies duo, noted about soderbergh's repetitious waste of (hd digital storage): "you're in the woods...you're in the woods...you're in the woods...". i too am surprised soderbergh didn't give us another 2.5hrs of that somewhere between his existing two parts, because he still left out massive chunks of che's "revolutionary" life! for a biopic of an important but infamous historical figure, soderbergh unaccountably alienates, if not deliberately insults, his audiences by1. never providing most of che's story; 2. imposing unreasonable film lengths with mere dullard repetition; 3. ignoring both true hindsight and a narrative of events; 4. barely developing an idea, or a character; 5. remaining claustrophobically episodic; 6. ignoring proper context for scenes---whatever we do get is mired in disruptive timeshifts; 7. linguistically dislocating all audiences (even spanish-speakers will be confused by the incongruous expositions in english); and 8. pointlessly whitewashing his main subject into one dimension. why, at this late stage? the t-shirt franchise has been a success! our sense of claustrophobia is surely due to peter buchman and benjamin vander veen basing their screenplay solely on guevara's memoirs. so, like a poor student who has read only one of his allotted texts for his assignment, soderbergh's product is exceedingly limited in perspective.the audience is held captive within the same constrained knowledge, scenery and circumstances of the "revolutionaries", but that doesn't elicit our sympathy. instead, it dawns on us that "ah, soderbergh's trying to hobble his audiences the same as the latino peasants were at the time". but these are the same illiterate latino peasants who sold out the good doctor to his enemies. why does soderbergh feel the need to equate us with them, and keep us equally mentally captive? such audience straitjacketing must have a purpose.part2 is more chronological than part1, but it's literally mind-numbing with its repetitive bush-bashing, misery of outlook, and lack of variety or character arcs. deltoro's che has no opportunity to grow as a person while he struggles to educate his own ill-disciplined troops. the only letup is the humour as che deals with his sometimes deeply ignorant "revolutionaries", some of whom violently lack self-control around local peasants or food. we certainly get no insight into what caused the conditions, nor any strategic analyses of their guerrilla insurgency, such as it was.part2's excruciating countdown remains fearfully episodic: again, nothing is telegraphed or contextualized. thus even the scenes with fidel castro (demián bichir) are unexpected and disconcerting. any selected events are portrayed minimally and latino-centrically, with part1's interviews replaced by time-shifting meetings between the corrupt bolivian president (joaquim de almeida) and us government officials promising cia intervention(!).the rest of part2's "woods" and day-for-night blue filter just exasperate the audience until they're eyeing the exits.perhaps deltoro felt too keenly the frustration of many non-american latinos about never getting a truthful, unspun history of che's exploits within their own countries. when foreign governments still won't deliver a free press to their people--for whatever reason--then one can see how a popular american indie producer might set out to entice the not-so-well-read ("i may not be able to read or write, but i'm not illiterate!"--cf.the inspector general(1949)) out to their own local cinemas. the film's obvious neglects and gross over-simplifications hint very strongly that it's aiming only at the comprehensions of the less-informed who still speak little english. if they did, they'd have read tomes on the subject already, and critiqued the relevant social issues amongst themselves--learning the lessons of history as they should.such insights are precisely what societies still need--and not just the remaining illiterate latinos of central and south america--yet it's what che(2008) gleefully fails to deliver. soderbergh buries his lead because he's weak on narrative. i am gobsmacked why benicio deltoro deliberately chose soderbergh for this project if he knew this. it's been 44yrs, hindsight about guevara was sorely wanted: it's what i went to see this film for, but the director diabolically robs us of that.david stratton, writing in the australian (03-oct-2009) observed that while part1 was "uneven", part2 actually "goes rapidly downhill" from there, "charting che's final campaign in bolivia in excruciating detail", which "...feels almost unbearably slow and turgid".che:the guerilla aka part2 is certainly no travelogue for bolivia, painting it a picture of misery and atavism. the entire second half is only redeemed by the aforementioned humour, and the dramatic--yet tragic--capture and execution of the film's subject.the rest of this interminable cinema verite is just confusing, irritating misery--shockingly, for a soderbergh film, to be avoided at all costs. it is bound to break the hearts of all who know even just a smattering about the subject.(2/10)

the second half of steven soderbergh's revolutionary bio on che guevara deals with his last campaign to export revolution to bolivia. in order to maintain his saintly visage of che soderbergh conveniently leap frogs the mass executions he presided over after the revolution in cuba and the folly of his congo adventure ("this is the history of a failure" he writes in the preface of his congo journal) to concentrate fully on che's attempt to rally support to rise up against the government in bolivia. it would turn out to be a disaster and guevara's final act.what plagued the first chapter follows suit here as soderbergh slows his film to a crawl to study the beatific countenance of the contemplative guevara once again being played like james dean in east of eden by bernicio del toro. the problem is guevara has little success in gaining converts and he soon finds himself and his starving comrades being swallowed up in the heart of darkness bolivian jungle. unlike werner herzog in the magnificent, aguirre, the wrath of god soderbergh fails to utilize the jungle's metaphorical possibilities to heighten the desperation of the guerrillas. he seems more concerned with keeping che's nimbus above his head than exploring the panic setting in on the dead enders. there is one herzogian moment where che sits astride an obstinate horse kicking and screaming to get it moving but overall soderbergh's mise en scene remains flat, sloppy and uninteresting. in both of his films soderbergh shows he is clearly a che groupie and because of it his focus remains myopic and narrow. he spends too much time building his monument to che and too little in developing his relationships with key players in his saga, especially fidel castro. making matters worse he does it with a slow and dispassionate approach that never catches fire. one would think he was steeped in enough eisenstein and vertov to realize that sweeping change is showcased a lot better with sweeping style.

same old same old about che. it completely ignored the really interesting facts of che's true character. sodeberg redid the same boring narrative of che. the silly seductive tale of an argentinean rich-boy who was so shocked by poverty he became a robin hood fighting alongside the poor, until eventually he was murdered by the cia. yeah, yeah, heard it all before, boring and untrue!. the reality of che guevara is very different and far more explosive! the facts show that he was a totalitarian with a messiah streak, who openly wanted to impose maoist tyranny on the world. he was so fanatical that at the hottest moment in the cold war, he even begged the soviet union to nuke new york, washington or los angeles and bring about the end of the world. che urged khrushchev to launch a nuclear strike against us cities. for the rest of his life, he declared that if his finger had been on the button, he would have pushed it. when khrushchev backed down and literally saved the world, che was furious at the "betrayal". if che's recommendations had been followed, you would not be reading this review now. how a homicidal maniac became a pop icon would have made a much more interesting film. incredible that no filmmaker has been daring enough to show the real side of che and his posthumous media transformation. that would make an oscar winning film! i thought making independent film meant taking real risks and being groundbraking! they only stick to "safe counterculture themes", to wit, "che cool", "wall street bad", "republican= nazi", "bush ex hitler", "nra is worse than kgb", "christians are fanatics and stupid", etc...ad nauseum. oooh, how daring, how mind blowing. tres anti-mainstream and edgy. i wish they would have some real cojones and tackle the independent film oligarchy! that would be truly daring!

star rating: ***** saturday night **** friday night *** friday morning ** sunday night * monday morning this second instalment of the che films moves the story forward to the late 60s, where the man has now moved his resistance fighters into the hills of south america, surviving without enough food and water and with tensions mounting between the group. everything comes to a head when he crosses the border into bolivia and the government forces step up their campaign to bring him down.without the flitting between time and places of the last film, soderbergh's second instalment focuses solely on the action in the hills, and manages to be an even duller experience. and more pretentiously, the score has been drowned out, giving the second instalment more of an unwelcome air of artsieness that proves just as alienating. there's just an unshakeable air of boredom to the film that never lets up. you can't fault soderbergh's ambition or del toro's drive in the lead role, it's just a shame that somewhere in the production things managed to take such a disappointing turn. **

what an unusual movie.absolutely no concessions are made to "hollywood special effects" or entertainment. there is no background music, not special effects or enhanced sound.facial expressions are usually covered by thick beards and the spanish language is a strange monotonic lilt that sounds the same whether in the midst of a battle or talking around a campfire.i sort of viewed these movies (parts 1 and 2) as an educational experience, not really something to go and get entertained by. its quite long and in places dull.but i suspect that given the lack of any plot development, i don't think its very educational either.its also difficult to perceive any story from the movie dialogue - it would be a good idea to read up a little on the history so that you can understand the context of what is happening, since for some reason the director didn't see fit to inform the audience why che's band was moving around the way they did - as a result there seem to be groups skulking around the woodland for no particular reason and getting shot at.i would have loved to give this movie more stars for somehow generating more empathy with me and developing depth of character, but somehow all of the characters were still strangers to me at the end. the stars it gets are for realism and showing the hardships of guerrilla warfare.

i went to see this movie with the most positive expectations. i had seen jacquet's previous movie (march of the penguins) and had heard a very positive review of this one on the radio. however, i was severely disappointed. most of all, this movie is terribly boring. literally nothing happens. i tried to describe the content of the movie to a friend, and we both ended up laughing because i could only stammer things like "well then the winter comes, and then spring, and then there's an eagle, and a river, and one time it is dark, and the girl goes into a cave, and another time the fox has babies" and so on. after about half an hour i began sighing, yawning, rolling my eyes, cursing the reviewer at the radio station, and hoping that it would be over soon. but the movie went on and on. when it finally ended i had sunken so deep into my chair that i must have looked somewhat similar to stephen hawking. the most annoying parts of the movie are (a) the girl, who is obviously there to give children someone to identify with. she wears the same clothes throughout the entire movie (one year), and shows exactly two facial expressions: joy and seriousness. she is cute, no question about that. however, a movie about the beauty of nature like this one would have done better without her all-too-human presence. i found myself constantly hoping that she might get eaten by a bear, drown in the river, or something similarly terrible. (b) the commentary by the girl's adult voice, which tells us nothing but negligible, obvious, boring, redundant things. (c) the music, which is desperately lacking subtlety. when the girl is happily jumping around, the music jumps around, too. when the fox is threatened by an eagle, the music becomes threatening, too. it reminded me of the very early days of film-making, and was just too predictable to enjoy. admittedly, many of the children who saw the movie with me did obviously like it, at least they got somehow involved. thus, my warning concerns adults only: if you are over ten years old, avoid this movie. you can get a better (and cheaper) sleep in most other places.

at the beginning of the movie, the beautiful photography and the scenes of the fox were amazing. however, the story was so very slow and boring. and then the little girl begins to domesticate the fox, which leads to tragic events. we live in the forest, and frequently see foxes. one thing anyone should know is that you leave wild animals to be wild, and enjoy them from afar. this movie sets a terrible example to the children who will be watching it, in trying to make a wild creature into a pet. i do not know what the point of the story was supposed to be. even after the terrible events with the main fox, the little girl was still wanting to play with the kits. does she never learn her lesson? and there are other scenes featuring predator animals to the fox, which only adds to the trauma inflicted on children watching this movie. what a disappointment this movie was. and what a horrible story it tells. the final narrated dialog was so stupid, by which time my wife and i were screaming at the tv! i absolutely hated this movie, and would never recommend it to anyone!

this film has little to recommend it, though that little being the breathtaking scenery, cinematography and direction of wildlife, it is difficult to bring up its weak points in the company of such rave reviews. it is precisely these things, however, that make the lack of a satisfactory plot and its execution so disappointing. i watched this with my children and none of us was too impressed by the end. yes, the pictures were great, the broad landscapes across the forest and mountains magnificent, but what was going on in the foreground? the rather dull narration of the stupidity of an insipid girl who learns all too slowly a very basic lesson about befriending wildlife - and gets off quite easily given the track record of that sort of thing. it is certainly not a new story, in fact there is nothing remotely novel about the way it is told, and we have all seen this before, and, indeed, much more eloquently by antoine de saint-exupéry.the only thing really to be gleaned from this film is a sense of how to work with these wonderful lenses and forest lighting; the rest is a waste of time.

while it's early to say how the series will evolve, i can say that the pilot was less than i thought it would be. there is still potential for the series, however. of course when i first saw voyager i thought it had potential, too - but was sorely disappointed. my gut tells me enterprise won't be as bad as voyager, however.as for the impressions of the pilot...the pilot had some good ideas and good themes. i liked the introduction. the show's opening credits were interesting, with the progress of exploration and a fitting theme song. scott bakula is excellent in the role of captain.where it fell short for me was largely that the story lacked the "feel" of setting out on a grand adventure. the plot of the episode itself was more a "generic" trek story with the themes of "exploration" and "first step towards space" merely subplot and subtext. were you to edit out the references to this being the first deep space mission, the plot would be hard to differentiate between the eras of enterprise, tos or tng. the central plot didn't reflect or do justice to the grand theme of the series. the plot of launching the first mission would have been grand enough without the "action". instead of isolated references to the newness of exploration, they could have been the story. get a little more nostalgic and philosophical about it (oh, for a tv show that once again would make us think). make us feel the excitement of "the wind" and being on "the sea" instead of distracting us with a rescue and a plethora of gunplay. there was way too much gunplay.we had the feeling more that humans were the "freshmen" in an established school. new kids on the block, as opposed to venturing into a largely unknown universe. sadly, the klingons landed on our doorstep instead of us finding them. that meeting could have been far more historic and far more sociological. just how do two such different societies interact? don't just hint about it, show it!i had to think of it more as `trek with an akward crew and limited technology' as opposed to `the first brave steps into the unknown'. i wanted to see something newer and fresher. the series promises to have a new concept but so far i haven't seen this new, great concept.i will conclude with reiterating the sentiment that the series has potential. there are some interesting characters. bakula is wonderful. blalock has potential. the overall theme is the most interesting since we first saw kirk in a world before apollo 11. if only future episodes can do justice to this grand and wonderful theme, we will have a show which will create new legends.you shoot an arrow into the air... good luck capt. archer.to the producers: take more risks and make us *think*! :-)

final score: 0 (out of 10)***possible scene specific spoilers (but who the hell cares)***yes, that's right: zero. and i rarely give 1's. even for the lamest of movies i look for things like music, cinematography, imagination, it's humor, even a good pace to be as objective about the score as possible. looking at it within it's own genera or subgenera. but there is absolutely nothing redeeming here. i can't remember another time a movie actually sent me pacing up and down the room when it was over. the only reason i made it to the end was because i couldn't seem to change the channel - i sat there simply aghast, watching to see what insultingly stupid bit it would come up with next. it was like watching a snake digest a rat. but let's have some fun and pull this baby apart, shall we. first of all, there is nothing technical about "whipped" that works. the visuals are all sitcom style. the cut scenes all just pictures of the street traffic going by at night over and over. the music and score, not only doesn't contribute anything to the movie - it's obnoxious. not to mention it doesn't have anything to contribute to anyway. the acting is as cardboard as it comes, all around and that goes for amanda peet (clearly the "star" that got this train wreck green-lighted) too. these guys, supposedly good friends, have no more chemistry or sense of purpose then if director peter m. cohen had rounded them up at a bus station minutes before shooting.on the creative side, there isn't an original bone in it's body. it has no imagination. it shows us nothing we haven't seen a thousand times before. the whole premise, or "twist", of this movie is based on male-bashing and the "idea" that an empowered women can play men "just as they get played". anybody, that thinks this is somehow a twist or is in any way original has obviously never turned on a tv before. twisted, shallow women are common. male-bashing is the norm. it's not stealing from anything specifically, it's worse: it's stealing from clichés. i can't imagine a women making a movie that depicted other women based so much on stereotypes and with this sense of contempt. makes me want to go rent "in the company of men" - or better yet, "there's something about mary". this movie wants to be a "edgier" version of "there's something about mary" so bad you can see the sweat. the movie has no insights into women, men, dating, sex, or really anything. cohen is simply content to regurgitate myths he has been indoctrinated with from other sexist movies. on the other end, the movie doesn't work as a satire either, because even though it is ripe with exaggerations one could view as "satirical" it doesn't have that grounding in reality that satires need. it doesn't even know what it's satirizing. then there's the dialogue, which is little more then the characters screaming obscenities at each other. example: character 1: "f**k you" character 2: "oh yeah, well f**k you" (repeat)and the bottom line, the thing that could excuse all the other discretions: there are a lot of movies without plots, without good acting, with morally repulsive characters and obscenity laced dialogue that have been funny and thus, been good. "whipped" ain't funny. not for a second. it has no comic skills or timing. the situations are all completely phony, not based in any shred of truth, especially enough to wring laughs out of us. the characters all broadly drawn so they will seem relatable to the lowest of the lowest common denominator. just look at "the marquee scene", "cult classic" hair gel scene. one of our bumbling anti-heroes opens the medicine cabinet and sees mena (peet)'s vibrator. for some reason light shines down on it as if he's found the holy grail. why cohen thinks men react this way to vibrators i do not know. while he rubs it on himself, he drops it in the toilet and then attempts to fish it out with his bare hands when, oh my, mena walks in on him. oh, my sides. but strangely enough, people actually like this movie. of course, people also like "friends" and reality dating shows so i shouldn't be surprised. all of this has a common thread however. "whipped" is big evidence to me that there is just a huge pocket of people in america that will laugh at any joke just because it is about sex. they will like any show or movie (or think they like it) just because it is about dating or relationships. it's lack of any quality has no baring on these people. just as people are indoctrinated to want whiter teeth and thinner bodies to sell toothbrushes and weight loss programs, they are also indoctrinated to blindly lap up anything dating/relationship related to sell them cheap, empty, effortless tv, movies and any number of products. the only consilation will be that when i die, because i saw this movie, i've got a credit to get 80 minutes of my life back. 

okay first of all, i didn't sit down to watch the premier of a "star trek" series to see a cowboy flying around in space. this is how a normal enterprise episode works1 archer finds a nebula or something aloung the lines of that and wants to take a closer look but it might destroy the ship.2 he sends a shuttle into the nebula and and the shuttle get damaged...in all of the episodes i have seen, all of the problems are happening because of archer's stupid mistakes. oh and did you see the preview of one episode showing archer and t'pol kissing?!?!?!?!?!?!? i was planning to watch that episode but after that i totally gave up on enterprise and turned to tv right off. come on!!!! this is star trek!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!also what was with the banana slug?? in one episode, hoshi had a banana slug but had to leave it behind for some stupid reason. okay fine, little dumb to bring you pet slug in space but whatever. okay that was what i thought until they left it on a desert planet!!!!! a banana slug cannot leave in a desert!!!!!!!!!!!! how dumb are these writersany ways, just saying if enterprise is on don't watch it!!!!!

anybody who has ever been a fan of the original series, or even has a clue about the storyline should be embarrassed by this series. the borg does not come around until q brings the enterprise to the gamma sector, the klingons are never seen until kirk encounters them, the ncc-1701 was the first ship to carry the enterprise name....need i go on? berman and pilliar have made a mockery of gene roddenberry's creation. after he died, they only saw $$$$ and just went their own way. no wonder majel barrett was in every single episode of star trek until this series. i don't blame her for not being involved with this mess. poor bakula. he's a great actor, as are the entire cast. i like them all, but the storyline is tragic and ignores all of the precedents set by the original series. just check the ratings. i think more people watched deep space 9 (which was untimely canceled).

despite a decent first season this series never came close to realizing its potential. set as a prequel to the original "star trek" series it was doomed almost from the start by an executive producer, rick berman, who felt compelled to artificially limit and constrict the definition of what a "star trek" series could be (which made this futuristic show increasingly anachronistic from a dramatic standpoint). the actual show-runner, brannon braga, didn't help matters by his uninspired and tired rehashing of previous trek episodes and careless disregard of the franchise's internal mythology (it was painfully obvious early on that he was in it only for the paycheck). never have i seen a series' that so consistently did a disservice to a cast of talented actors (jolene blaylock excepted)last so long. it is as if this entire series was produced in bubble existing outside the contemporary television landscape where the audience (even a trekker audience) is more demanding and sophisticated in their dramatic wants and desires. unfortunately it appears as if berman and braga have succeeded in convincing the higher ups at paramount that "enterprise" suffered from "franchise fatigue" and that its core audience was did not walk away but was driven off. produce a quality offering that lives up to the high ideals and standards of its predecessors and they (the audience) will come.simply put, in a teevee universe where we are given shows like "battlestar: galactica" and "the shield" the powers-that-be must give the viewing public a "star trek" that measures up and is dramatically competitive. it is just that straightforward and easy.

i saw this movie recently because a friend brought it with him from nyc. after 30 minutes, i said to him," you've got to be kidding. is this some sort of joke?" he thought it was good. i told him that i thought it was probably one of the silliest movies ever made. "what was it supposed to be?" i asked. "a propaganda movie made for children?" the plot is stupid. the acting is the worst ever for most of the principals and frankly people who look at this sort of tripe and think it has anything to do with life, love or even afterlife, of which it offers an incredibly idiotic view...need some psychiatric help. please, if someone tries to get you to stick this in your dvd or video player, consider it like you would a virus introduced into your computer...it won't destroy your player but it will destroy your evening. if they had made razzies in the '40s, this would have won in every category. (ps. it also goes under the dubious sobriquet of "stairway to heaven.")

nine minutes of psychedelic, pulsating, often symmetric abstract images, are enough to drive anyone crazy. i did spot a full-frame eye at the start, and later some birds silhouetted against other colors. it was just not my cup of tea. it's about 8½ minutes too long.

viewers gushing over everything including the title sequence (now that is funny) would have us believe this is some sort of cinematic miracle, but, trust me folks, this is one of the most embarrassingly bad films you could ever see, and if you're not laughing at it five minutes in, i'd say you've lost your sense of humor.david niven plays a doomed and bravado-besotted raf pilot who somehow thinks it appropriate to engage an impressionable (female) air traffic controller in an emotional conversation about love, just as he's plunging to his certain and fiery death. (isn't it romantic...) of course, he's spared by a quirk of metaphysical chance, and washes up on the beach, just as this same air traffic controller is riding by on her bicycle. (they immediately clinch).looking past the bizarre homo-erotic subtexts, (so over the top you really need to refer to them as supertexts, from a naked boy sitting bare-butted in the sand playing the movie's twilight-zone-esquire theme on his little flute, to a celestial courier so campy/queen-y his makeup is caked on more thoroughly than the ladies'), the most bizarre aspects of the movie are how it weaves such bad caricatures of national and racial stereotypes into a convoluted attempt to argue some kind of point about the universal nature and power of love. we get it--fly boys like girls in skirts and heels, and girls like 'em back, and, apparently, all you have to do is cry a little to make it noble enough for your movie to get 10 stars on imdb...as for the quality of the production, the continuity/editing is poor enough to induce cringing, and the lighting is, perhaps, even worse than that, but you hardly have time to notice because the script is so bad. there are games played with technicolor, (whatever passes for heaven is in black and white if you can figure out the sense in that), and foreshadowing, (so funny my fellow audience member who usually like movies like this actually cheered and laughed when then the doc's motorcycle finally ended up in a fiery wreck), and freeze-motion, (which is funniest of all because the female lead is so poor at standing still you know the stage hands were guffawing off camera).the best shots are the early ones on the beach, but, after that, it's all downhill. the (moving like an escalator is moving) staircase is hardly the odessa steps, to say the least, and i'd really caution anyone from feeling like they'd have to see this lame attempt at movie-making on their account. the movie overall is bad enough to be funny, and that's about the best thing i can say for it.

i thought hedy burress (who managed to escape from the watery grave of part one) was going to be in part 2 guess not. i just think they should of killed her off like in friday the 13th part 2 (you know what i mean).this movie like scream 3, and urban legend 2 followed movies within a movie.this was pure crap! the whole movie within a movie crap.bad stay away!

every once in a while, a group of friends, with a minimal budget but bags of enthusiasm and talent, will create a low budget masterpiece that takes the world of horror by storm. raimi and co. did it with the evil dead, jackson and pals succeeded with bad taste; and myrick and sanchez made a mint with the blair witch project.director todd sheets and his chums, however, are destined to wallow forever in relative obscurity if zombie bloodbath is anything to go by. a lesson in how not to make a cheapo horror, this miserable effort (about a plague of flesh-eating zombies—natch) serves as a reminder that, whilst many people these days have access to a video camera, most shouldn't take that as their cue to try their hand at making a full-length movie.it's not that sheets hasn't got an eye for a nicely framed shot (some of his camera angles and movements are actually pretty good), but rather that a) he has a lousy script b) he has a lousy cast, and c) he doesn't realise that he has a lousy script and cast. which means that the final film is amateurish in the extreme, and unlikely to be watched in its entirety by anyone other than zombie film completists (like me) or members of the cast and crew (like those who have given the film favourable comments).zombie bloodbath is obviously aimed at undiscriminating gore-hounds, and sheets (who currently has an incredible 34 titles under his belt as a director) certainly goes out of his way to please, with buckets of offal and blood thrown about at every opportunity. but whilst these moments are undeniably yucky, they aren't particularly convincing, and soon get rather tedious.so, to summarise, this is a really bad film, with almost no redeeming features. except for two:firstly, it features the single greatest mullet in the history of film, as sported by jerry angell, who plays larry (as well as several zombies). the magnificence of his barnet (coupled with a fetching moustache) is reason alone to watch this film.secondly, it has 'pathetic stealth zombies': flesh-eating corpses that lie in wait for unfortunate victims to wander by, before leaping from their hiding place to launch a feeble attack, which requires almost no effort to escape from. best known for lurking behind a door for hours waiting for someone to open it, 'pathetic stealth zombies' also occasionally hide behind low walls, or sit in churches posing as members of the congregation.normally a film this bad would get 1/10 for me, but, in celebration of jerry angell's flowing locks, i will generously raise my rating to 2/10.

well, i bought the zombie bloodbath trilogy thinking it would be mindless gory fun. that's what it is, without the fun. this film truly is mindless, it is absent of any plot or character development, or any sort of storyline. the basic problem with this movie is the kills and gore. basically, every kill looks exactly the same. zombies ripping someone apart. yeah, that's okay, but you need some original kills too. i mean it got really lame, every kill looked exactly the same, filmed exactly the same way. thats what killed me. i love gore, and the gore in this film did nothing for me. it was just boring. no storyline, just the same lame scene over and over again with a different person. i wanted to like this movie, too. i love shot on video gore movies...like redneck zombies. but i couldn't kid myself. this film has it's good points, but none of those are in the film. i understand that many of the "zombies" helped out with the flood and there were like over 100 zombies, which is pretty cool how they got so many people involved and helped out in the world. but overall, this is a terrible film.

if todd sheets were to come out and admit that this movie was intended to spoof the zombie genre, i would change my rating to an eight. try to imagine a movie where every scene, line, and even every acting nuance was designed to be a parody. i could probably crap out alphabet soup, rearrange what was left of the letters, and still have a better script. two scenes in particular come to mind when i think of this movie. spoiler alert! one is when mike's dad and the other dad walk, i repeat walk down a staircase jam packed with zombies. this is a small staircase and even though they brush up against the flailing undead, nothing happens to them. when they reach the end, the ex-marine turns around, says "god you're a horny bastard", and shoots only one. the other is in the military complex. the girl stabs a zombie with a machete and is immediately surrounded. the camera moves around her for roughly forty seconds, while she is surrounded by zombies at an arm's length away. she then almost casually runs out from the crowd and joins the other humans. spoiler alert over! these scenes must be seen to be believed. still, i enjoy this movie as much as almost any comedy just because it's so damn funny. kudos to todd sheets for getting so many people in his movie and having the drive to make it but not really for anything else.

if you haven't seen zombie bloodbath, you haven't. a contest like 'make your own horror movie in one day' could not possibly come up with a entry than this outrage of an insult on any viewer's intelligence. mr. sheets forgot a story, a plot, proper dialog, the fact that people need some basic acting talents and the credited lighting designer obviously forgot to show up. it seems to be recorded on the crummiest of handycams, and copied on even worse equipment. make-up effect consist of black mascara for the zombies and yoghurt being poured over people's heads in order to simulate their skin melting. this is nothing more than a home-movie, and a really bad one as well. only fun to watch for the friends, familymembers and neighbours that were willing to show up for the filming. i cannot for the life of me understand why this mockery of a product is listed in any serious film magazine or website - i have home-movies of wedding parties that are way better and more interesting. a total waste of time, money and energy. the sequel zombie bloodbath ii is just more of the same rubbish.

once again a film classic has been pointlessly remade with predictably disastrous results. the title is false as is everything about this film. the period is not persuasively rendered, and the leads seem way too young and too vapid to even be criminals. arthur penn's film had style, humor, a point of view, and was made by talented people. even if the 1967 version didn't exist this would still be an unnecessary film. the 1967 version strayed from the facts, presented a glamorized version of bonnie and clyde, but it was exciting, and innovative for 1967, and it had some outstanding performances that allowed you to care. this 1992 remake seems culled from the original film rather than the truth as known and the actors in this version are callow, unappealing, and not the least bit interesting. by all means skip this one and hope the 2010 version will be better. could it possibly be worse?

while it contains facts that are not widely reported, it is not exactly the truth. they took a lot of liberties in rearranging events, excluding people, and using sets that do not meet the facts of their lives in the 30's. there were more than just bonnie, clyde, and w.d. in the gang at various times, and those people had as much to do with the facts as those included. buck and blanche went to convince clyde to go straight much earlier than the one shootout, and in fact got drawn back into crime. some of the events that were portrayed in daylight actually took place at night. bonnie's wound was much more severe and never healed right. it was so bad she had to be carried around by someone until it healed up, and even then it stiffened up so she walked stiffly. clyde also walked with a limp because while in prison he cut off a big toe. i know, i'm being nit picky, and it was a tv movie, but even without these factual errors in this "true" story, the movie moves too fast from event to event and comes across more as several separate snapshots of their lives, rather than being a cohesive flowing story.i'd recommend reading a book or seeing a documentary if you want to get closer to the truth.

even though this was a made-for-tv production, there's absolutely no excuse for the rock bottom results of the finished product. this movie did have a budget and it had a casting department, so, if you're going to make a movie about a true life story, and actually put "the true story" in the title, shouldn't some effort be put forward to try and capture some realism ? first of all, this movie is absurdly cast. these actors belong in daytime television soaps, or in those ridiculous lifetime channel movies, and not in a real-life gangster/criminal tale. everything about them, from their looks to their mannerisms, just screams of the 90's-shopping-mall-alt-rock-listening generation. what about the script ? two words describes it - stupid and insulting, and again it's way too 90ish sounding. i don't think the real clyde barrow ever uttered the words "i'm outta here." it's as if a bunch of "new kids on the block" fans got together and decided to make a really "kewl flick" about bonnie and clyde, you know, one that would be totally rad and rockin'. well, this sticker doesn't even rank on the rad and rockin' scale. everything that can be wrong with any kind of film is wrong here, from the casting and acting to the editing and music. every single thing is grossly wrong....and it's infuriating that the parties responsible for this atrocious turkey had the nerve to put "the true story" in the title. it's certainly not the true story, but even worse, it's not even remotely entertaining as a mindless popcorn flick that's accepted on its own terms. like i stated in my heading, it's simply horrible beyond words, on every level imaginable. trust me on this, or watch at your own risk.

here we have 2 misunderstood kids who never stood a chance against a cruel, poverty riddled existence: robin hoods singled out by the police for persecution because they were a trifle wild at times. gad! according to this crap bonnie was the sweetest little thing west of the missouri who was taught to be a psychopathic murderer by a fun loving boyfriend who didn't really want to hurt anybody....he just wanted things without putting a lot of energy into getting them. badly acted, poorly filmed, unbelievable dialogue, unrealistic use of weaponry, gore that looked more like grape jelly than the real thing. avoid this bilgewater. thumbs down. -5 stars.

let me start out by saying that i used to really like betty grable, particularly from "down argentine way", but by the time she got around to this disaster, she had also got "round" and frankly the whole film was an embarrassment. costarred with douglas fairbanks jnr (who must have been fairly desperate) the story was bad, the colours good, and the film far too long. it had some of the old standbys in it like harry davenport and reginald gardiner to try and stimulate interest but with no success. the music score was woeful, and i have to say not one tune was memorable in any way....as i was such a fan of miss grable, i always wish i had never seen this one!

the final film for ernst lubitsch, completed by otto preminger after lubitsch's untimely death during production, is a juggling act of sophistication and silliness, romance and music, fantasy and costume dramatics. in a 19th century castle in southeastern europe, a countess falls for her sworn enemy, the leader of the hungarian revolt; she's aided by her ancestor, whose painted image magically comes to life. betty grable, in a long blonde wig adorned with flowers, has never been more beautiful, and her songs are very pleasant. unfortunately, this script (by samson raphaelson, taken from an operetta by rudolf schanzer and e. welisch) is awash with different ideas that fail to mesh--or entertain. the results are good-looking, but unabsorbing. *1/2 from ****

this miserable film is a remake of a 1927 film. they should have let it remain that way.what a colossal bomb! douglas fairbanks displays absolutely no charisma here. cesar romero is subjected to a role as a real jerk and bette grable sings with a chorus- what i'll do to that hungarian!the ridiculous plot deals with a picture of a woman in a castle in 1561 rome that saved the day by killing a conqueror. (fairbanks) now, let's fast forward to 300 years later, where grable, just married to the count romero, faces a similar situation, when on her wedding night, there is an invasion by hungarian soldiers.romero acts cowardly and flees before the army arrives. he disguises himself as a gypsy and is made to remain at the castle when his violin playing pleases fairbanks. the ending is worse than the entire wretched film when grable meets fairbanks to tell him the good news-an enraged romero has annulled the marriage.this poor imitation of a movie was made in 1948. as harry davenport, a veteran supporting player who is in it, died in 1949; this must have been his last film. what a bomb to go out with after such a distinguished career.walter abel co-stars but he can do little with such poor writing. the costumes look more like those that would come out of the stone age. i can't fathom what fairbanks was wearing.

watching that lady in ermine i was wondering what betty grable was doing in a project that seemed to be aimed for marlene dietrich to do. someone over at 20th century fox may have decided one sex symbol is as good as another. darryl f. zanuck should have known better.betty plays a 19th century italian countess whose domain has been invaded by a troop of hungarian hussars captained by douglas fairbanks, jr. her ghostly ancestor whose portrait hangs in the palace hall along with the rest of her distinguished family tree, sees no small resemblance in doug now and another invader some 300 years earlier whom she dealt with when armies failed.besides that the current betty has just been married to cesar romero and the invasion has come at a most inopportune moment, before things have been consummated. that's going to give anyone a bad attitude, i guarantee.fresh, wholesome all american betty is not the actress to do seductive and mysterious. marlene dietrich might have put this over, but with betty it falls flatter than yesterday's presidential candidate. she and fairbanks have no chemistry at all, though doug is as charming as ever and someone i can watch in anything.frederick hollander and leo robin wrote the score for this film and this is the moment got an oscar nomination for best song. that lady in ermine's one chance for oscar glory fell to buttons and bows.ernest lubitsch died midway during the film and otto preminger finished that lady in ermine. i can't believe lubitsch had grable in mind for the lead here. neither will you if you see that lady in ermine.

it begins on a nice note only to falter quickly and let down expectations.mac (akshay kumar) and sam's (john abraham) characters are not properly built before mac's boss decides to hitch him with three air hostess. rest of the drama is about how mac, sam and uncle mambo (paresh rawal) deal with situations which at times seem forced.about the cast, paresh rawal is a very talented actor, i thought was wasted in the role of a moody cook. akshay kumar is tolerable, john abraham is very bad keeps stumbling over furniture & rajpal yadav is the only saving grace in the movie. the second half of the movie is funny at times, but in all a dud (songs are boring) and a major let down if you are hoping for some wholesome entertainment and comedy.

do not waste your time with this movie. this is a total thrash in terms of acting, directing, sound editing, soundtrack... there was such a waste of performance by some of the very good actors. the movie does not do justice to paresh rawal who is perhaps one of the most talented actors in bollywood. akshay kumar who is also an emerging star did quite a poor job. john abraham, what is wrong with him? is that what you call acting? i mean he should thank god that he has a pretty face otherwise he'd be winning razzie awards in india if there were any such awards in bollywood. asrani a great talent, but overdoes his bit as before.screenplay which was not to mention a rip-off from the 1965's boeing boeing was quite badly framed. first of all, people in bollywood just can't make something original. on top of that they don't even know how to copy well. the jokes in the movie were so overdone, it was getting painful to sit through them. priyadarshan may be a star in the south, but he's just not fit to make a decent hindi movie. the sound editing is amazingly crappy. i can go on and on this matter, but the bottom-line is that bollywood should be shameful of making such a film.the worst part is that some people seemed to love this movie. what is wrong with you guys? this is the reason why bollywood is where it is. did you know that bollywood makes more movies than hollywood every year, however, most of the movies are unheard of abroad, because of movies like this one. i am an indian and i am utterly shameful of bollywood for producing this piece of thrash. movies like dil chahta hai and lagaan were just terrific. they are world class films which are timeless... among the best of this decade. garam masala, however, is perhaps one of the worst of this century. period.i give it a 1 out of 10.

i have to say that this was the worst film of priyadarshan(releasing alongside much better kyonki which was also his directorial venture) ,it contains no specific storyline and just focuses on body showing by debuting actresses and some silly comedy sequences. i think priyadarshan is becoming too much repetitive in his comedy flicks just like govinda and david dhavan had done in the past after giving some good entertainers they also went on to loose their audiences.so it will be good for him to concentrate more on script and try some variations in his direction.give us more of herapheri's and malamal weekly's rather than giving duds like garam masala!

priyadarshan's hera pheri was a nice situational comedy this film however actually lacks a story but is quite funny but illogicalin fact they is no proper story yet it somehow manages a nice flow though it isn't anything greatthe first half has 2 funny scenes like the one where akshay and john invite neha for a lunch and another when paresh entersthe first half gets boring slowly but the second half is funnier though they is no script the jokes are funny though one does wonder how they never hear each person's voices from inside the rooms?the climax confusion is treated like a stage play but it's quite funny but the film ends abruptlydirection is okay music is goodakshay kumar excels in his part which is now become his second skin, but this is his film completely and he overshadows everyone elsejohn stumbles throughout and fails in comedy paresh rawal is hilarious rajpal is okay the girls are loud at times and awkward too nargis, daisy and neetu(only neetu is seen now) are good in parts but shriek too often manoj joshi is okay

watched on hulu (far too many commercials!) so it broke the pacing but even still, it was like watching a really bad buddy movie from the early sixties. dean martin and jerry lewis where both parts are played by jerry lewis. if i were indian, i'd protest the portrayal of all males as venal and all women as shrews. they cheated for the music videos for western sales and used a lot of western models so the males could touch them i usually enjoy indian films a lot but this was a major disappointment, especially for a modern indian film. the story doesn't take place in india (the uncle keeps referring to when mac will return to india) but i can't find out where it is supposed to be happening.

i never understood why some people dislike bollywood films: they've got charismatic actors, great dance numbers, and heightened emotion--what's not to like? what i didn't realize was that i had only seen the upper-crust of bollywood. then i watched "garam masala". i could tell from the first scene that this was not a movie i was going to like (the film opens with a montage of the two leads driving around a city and apparently happening serendipitously on a series of photo setups populated with gyrating models), but i kept hoping things would improve. sadly, they didn't. the main problem is that the two protagonists, mac & sam, are completely unsympathetic. they spend the entire movie lying to women--and lying brutally- -in order to get them into bed, and the audience is supposed to find this funny, and be charmed. the boys are unscrupulous and inept, and not in a lovable way. mac even goes so far as to have one of the women drugged in order to keep her from discovering his cheating. the script is extremely poor, with repetitive scenes, setups that never lead to anything, and illogical actions and statements by the characters. in fact, the characters are never really developed at all. the males are boorish, greedy jerks, and the women merely interchangeably beautiful. if you go by this movie, you would think that "air hostesses" are pretty easy to pass from man to man. in reality, betrayal is not so humorous. the only bright spots i found in the movie were one dance number that had brilliant sets, and a few slapsticky moments involving the french-farce, door-slamming aspects of the story. but bollywood dancing is better enjoyed in movies choreographed by farah khan, and for slapstick you might as well just go straight to the silent comedies of buster keaton and harold lloyd, who seem to have influenced writer/director priyadarshan not a little. priyadarshan also takes false credit for inventing the story: the basic premise of the plot is stolen from the 1960 play "boeing boeing." the original author of that work, marc camoletti, is credited nowhere. at least priyadarshan changed the title for this remake, rather than brazenly using the original without giving credit, as he did in his 1985 version of this same tale. (according to imdb's credits list.)

dietrich bonhoeffer's writings have had a profound influence on my life as a christian, and i eagerly anticipated watching this movie and finding out more about his life. words can hardly express my disappointment. this movie was disjointed...it gave no background about his life, no historical context, and nothing about his great writings (except a brief, passing reference to "the cost of discipleship" by a colleague at the beginning of the movie.) instead, we see him enjoying jazz (apparently in the states) and chilling out with his friends before he decides to go back to germany. apparently to show his human side. ok, i'm ready for the dramatic part. the part where he stands up for his faith. instead of emphasizing that, we get a very badly acted romance with a 17-year-old schoolgirl. whether or not that actually took place, it should not have been a major portion of the movie. now...still waiting for the dramatic part, or some narration explaining what his writings were all about...or something to make us know a little bit of the greatness of this man. drum-roll.....waiting..... ....waiting.....zip. nada. this is the kind of movie that gives "christian films" a bad name. all they had to do was set up a structure for the movie to follow, with some background...even some voice-overs, or flashbacks to him preaching from his works...some narrative about who he was and where he had been. but no...this is what we got. hardly fitting for a hero of the faith.

why did the histories of mary and rhoda have to be so dour? divorced women with indifferent daughters. and why very little reference to the original show and characters? the daughter characters were silly and uninteresting. why can't there ever be daughters who like their mother's on tv? it makes sense that mary would leave minneapolis, and rhoda would return to nyc, but why couldn't phyllis or sue ann nivens be guest stars? it just seems a pitiful way to remember such wonderful characters. it was good to see mary and rhoda together of course, but it could have been better, much better. well, there has been a mary tyler moore show reunion, a dick van dyke show reunion, hopefully mary will do better next time if she revisits her old mary richards stomping grounds again.

this film is not devoid of charm and also shows a bit of warmth, but ultimately this effort is too vain and too strongly focussed on the leads. there is no doubt that mary tyler moore knows what to do with all her screen time but she takes too much of the limelight away from the rest of the cast.another problem is the overburdening of the script with cliches. the daughter who secretly drops out of college, an older woman finding it difficult to get a good job (and first ends up with fairly demeaning work), the sleazy network executive with his executive toys who goes for glitz over substance, the journalist who sticks up for her beliefs, etc. there is nothing really wrong with any of these, i.e. they are all firmly rooted in reality, but in combination they are just too much and leave us with too much deja-vu and too few surprises.

on the back burner for years (so it was reported) this television reunion of two of the most beloved characters in sitcom history started off badly - and went straight downhill from there. mary richards (mary tyler moore) and her best friend rhoda morgenstern (valerie harper) meet in new york after a long estrangement and catch up on each other's lives. what a novel concept! but, sad to relate, nothing worth talking about (let alone making a movie about) has happened to either of them in the intervening years. so, instead, the script contents itself with throwing out one hoary old plot device after another (most having to do with older women in the workplace), while completely missing the quirky charm and sophistication that made the original show a winner. the supporting cast is instantly forgettable, the humor is nonexistent, and the chemistry which moore and harper once had together is gone. moore allegedly stalled this project for years, waiting for "just the right script" before committing herself. if this was the one she considered "right", what on earth were the ones she turned down like? it's not the age of the characters that does this in (for time inevitably marches on), but the almost complete lack of imagination coupled with a blatant disregard for the elements that made the series work. at one time this was intended as a pilot but, all to obviously, it failed to generate any interest among potential sponsors. or for that matter, among potential audiences. quickly and mercifully forgotten, the film is a travesty and an insult to a classic.

don't get me wrong, dan jansen was a great speed skater. if there was one guy who deserved his gold medal at the olympics it was dan.but how can it be possible that bill corcoran has made such a bad movie about the incredible dan jansen story, because the real dan jansen story is truly incredible! especially when you look at this movie through the eyes of a sportsman everything is wrong, the way matt keeslar and the other actors skate, their technique, the dimensions of the speedskating oval, it is all wrong!shame on you, bill corcoran, dan jansen deserves better, a lot better!1 out of 10

if you haven't seen this yet, i say just move on, take a walk in the park, don't waste your time. neither the scenario nor the acting is worth your money. *spoilers*- i can't decide which was worse: the movie itself or baldwin's hairstyle? ellen pompeo's acting talent is very questionable i hope she can improve it over time. the storyline is just unbelievable. loose cannon american cop fighting criminals in europe on his own?? infamous slavic mafiosi protected by only two hunks??? an emotional art teacher leading a ruthless gang??? spanish police executive dumber than a sack of hammers??? give me a break. there's only one good thing about this movie, though: at least, the production costs must be lower than "ocean's 12"'s which was as meaningless and over the top as this one.

this effort was like a glitzy tv movie...i don't recall this ever being released in theaters...if so, it must've died a quick death. watching the dvd, in the comfort of our bedroom, it was obvious this film was meant for not much more...ed lauter an art critic with a greed streak? what a fun turn that must've been...i haven't seen ed since "the longest yard"...everyone else pretty much acted by the numbers, led by baldwin, except for pompeo...she had zero charisma and seemed to be sleepwalking thru most of the picture...pompeo's daughter had one dimension...she played every scene like a lovable little puppy...slowest line delivery of any 3 year old i've seen yet...the chase scenes gave my wife and i headaches...too much quick-cutting and angle-bashing...if you 're going to shoot a chase scene in barcelona, you might want a few wide shots to exploit the beauty of your backdrop, right? the whole story was pretty implausible and far-fetched, but hey, we liked it better than "the life aquatic..."

this movie makes several mistakes. a few american actors in spain , and the spanish actors speaking english. the 'spaniards' english is ok, but the way the acting is performed it makes it all quite annoying. the dialog through the whole script is very weak; it may have been a spanish script but translated incorrectly, who knows and who cares. i can only assume that these are famous spanish actors forced into the english language , they may be good, but not in this flop. you will figure out the movie within the first 5 minutes, thats how pathetic it is. then the rest is just bad . lots of waste of time, lots of un-necessary plots. oh did i mention one of the baldwins' is in this.

first, i realize that a "1" rating is supposed to be reserved for the worst of the worst. this movie gets that from me because, as one reviewer points out, it's not bad in a self-aware, over-the-top sort of way that might allow it to have some comic or cult value. it simply misses its mark on every count. **contains possible spoilers** the dialog is completely disingenuous. the continuity is so deliberate it's painful. daniel just finishes speaking of his lost love, and with his final word the flamenco dancers start. the mock-shock of what's her name (see? i don't even remember her character's name, let alone the name of the forgettable actress) when her husband (the baldwin) first tells her that her friend is the bad guy. the car and the motorcycle chases did all the right things. vegetable carts gone flying. cars crashing into each other. motorcycles going down the stairs. people nearly being hit, but remarkably, no one is. oh, that's right... except for the one guy who has been stabbed several times, is obviously stumbling along the curb with knife wounds, and an approaching car apparently didn't notice him there. hmmm. it's becoming more and more remarkable to me that movies like this can be made. there is so much pressure in the film industry to make money, you'd think that someone in hollywood would think of making good films worth seeing. now there's a novel idea. my suggestion: don't see this film. don't rent the dvd. don't watch it on cable. there are lots of other things you could be doing that will leave you feeling more satisfied.

this film seems to be a rip off of many movies that have dealt with the same subject in the past. let the future viewer be forewarned that "art heist" doesn't add anything to the genre. director bryan goeres has no clue what to do with the film.william baldwin keeps reappearing in films, and frankly, one wonders if he has a great agent, or is it that directors and producers love his unusual goofy looks, complimented by that strange hairdo he sports in most of his movies. the only good movie in which he has appeared, is "the squid and the whale", in which he only speaks two, or three lines. ellen pompeo, his leading lady, doesn't fare much better; there is no chemistry between ms. pompeo and mr. baldwin.a movie to be seen at the viewer's own risk.

this is one of the worst movies ever made. trite. predictable. flat.the only thing that rated one point was there was a few nice scenes highlighting barcelona. i imagine they would use films like this in guantanamo or some other hidden cia/nsa prison to torture suspects.often bad movies have some redeeming features, this has nothing. if i was in it or worked on it, i would change my name. truly a turd. hard to write more than this, but i feel the world's film watchers needed a head's up on this. on the other hand it will make a great gift for people you can't stand.you could send it to politicians you dislike, in laws, ex-wives, teachers you hated, former employees, dick cheney, w., and a host of others.

although in many ways i agree with the other reviewers comments. i find that the plot and idea are very good. many of the supporting actors were very good. the fatal problem with this film is ellen pompeo. i am sure, i have never seen a less talented "actor" how this person has ever been in a film or on television, i cannot imagine. in my opinion she would be better as a greater at a wal-mart. to see a person with this low level of talent involved in paying roles, does beg the question...... "who does she know"? i would very much like to see this film re-made with some talent. i do not fault the writer for the failure of this film to be worth the time to view it.

ok - the helicopter shots are fantastic, and the director made good use of some of barcelona's top sights. otherwise...production value was blown in the first few minutes and the rest of the film felt like a movie of the week. ellen pompeo was charming and fun to watch, abel folk had the most depth and was very effective, and william baldwin was...well, william baldwin. he got to put his martial art training to good use and be a running-jumping-earnest action figure. the rest of the cast was wooden at best, but mostly paper. so - if you're nostalgic about spain - it's a picture postcard with an action twist, and a healthy dose of el greco. if not, skip it.

baldwin has really stooped low to make such movies. the script, the music, just about everything in this movie is a waste of time.the sound fx do not sound real, they stick out way too much (technical gadgets etc.) if they are trying to make a movie about things like this, at least try to get real with it and drop those extra bleeps and beeps, because those gadgets don't really make loud sounds like that. natural sounds like footsteps and such are non-existent, which gives it a void-like atmosphere.directing seems to be ok for such a low budget film (i sure hope it was a low budget production), although it does seem fairly amateurish at times.most characters seem empty and false, they simply haven't casted this movie very well. i'd imagine it would've been a better idea to make baldwin speak some spanish than to make spanish actors speak english, when we all know that theirs is the language which is more vibrant and alive, that is why the actors performance can suffer greatly if an odd language is used. i mean, could finally someone realise how stupid it sounds to make international actors speak english with a bad accent? it's should've a long ago buried corpse in movie production. the production team ever heard of subtitles? this movie again manages to depict european police as lazy and corrupt, the societies as vulnerable and helpless. i mean if the plot again goes like "the interpol can't do jack, so let's call one american to bring down this international syndicate" or whatever.sony pictures treads on the same path as columbia before it, just producing movies for the hell of it. i'd imagine them to have some self respect also. are buyers supposed to buy every dirty title just because sony puts out something good a few times a year?! maybe they should've used the same team as who were making di que si - say i do. it's spoken in spanish and paz vega and santi millan do a decent job keeping the movie afloat. looks and sounds much better! come on sony, wake up, produce less, sell more.

one may ask why? the characters snarl, yell, and chew the scenery without any perceptible reason except someone wanted to make a movie in barcelona. billie baldwin, is that the right one?, is forgettable in the cop/estranged-husband/loving-father-of-cute-little-blond-girl role. the story seems to have been cut and pasted from the scenes thrown away from adventure films in the last three years. ellen pompeo's lack of charisma is a black hole that seems to suck the energy out of every scene she is in. her true acting range is displayed when she takes her blouse off as the movies careens from one limp chase scene to another. unfortunately, the directing rarely goes bad enough to be camp or a parody. it is all just cliché, familiar in every respect. the director cast his own daughter as the precocious brat probably because no respectable agent would have permitted a client to ruin a career by being in such a lame, contrived and uninteresting movie. the only heist here is the theft of the investor's money and the viewer's time.

this is another one of those movies that could have been great. the basic premise is good - immortal cat people who kill to live, etc. - sort of a variation on the vampire concept.the thing that makes it all fall apart is the total recklessness of the main characters. even sociopaths know that you need to keep a low profile if you want to survive - look how long it took to catch the unibomber, and that was because a family member figured it out.by contrast, the kid (and to a lesser extent, the mom) behave as though they're untouchable. the kid kills without a thought for not leaving evidence or a trail or a living witness. how these people managed to stay alive and undiscovered for a month is unbelievable, let alone decades or centuries.it's really a shame - this could have been so much more if it had been written plausibly, i.e., giving the main characters the level of common sense they would have needed to get by for so long.other than that, not a bad showing. i loved the bit at the end where every cat in town converges on the house - every time i put out food on the porch and see our cats suddenly rush in from wherever they were before, i think of that scene.

1st watched 4/29/2007 - 4 out of 10(dir-mick garris): campy vampire-like stephen king movie has so many strange and goofy elements that you start laughing over the extreme weirdness about 3/4 the way into the movie and you wonder if this movie might have a cult following for king fans. it's the story of a mother and son who are sleepwalkers(a shape-shifting feline-like, flesh eating, life needing, near extinct breed of humanoid) who move from town to town searching for virgins to feed on to keep themselves alive. they come across as pretty normal upper-class folk except they are secret lovers and cats hang around the outside of their home, day and night. cats are deadly to them, so they set traps in their yard to try and keep the population down. we get to see them break a couple of their necks when they attack(which is also a first in my movie-going experience) --- hopefully no real cats were harmed in the making of the film. the boy is after a sweet girl that he has a crush on until he turns into a "sleepwalker" and then he just wants her body. there is so much campy uniqueness to this movie that it might have been better if it was an all-out satirical comedy on suburban life, but the director instead tries to scare you every couple minutes until you wish he'd just get over it and bring out the gore. eventually that happens and the movie winds down to it's typical stephen king downbeat ending. the movie is interesting because king's humor comes thru more than usual but his weirdness is also very present and what you have is a movie that his fans will probably like and should have in their collection, but as a worthwhile movie experience it really doesn't cut it.

my wife and i both agree that this is one of the worst movies ever made. certainly in the top ten of those i've watched all the way through. at least "plan 9" was enjoyable.i did really enjoy "christine", "the dead zone", "firestarter", "carrie", and some of his other films. i didn't care much for "cujo" (only because the sound was so bad on versions i've seen and i often couldn't tell what people were saying), or "pet sematary (pet cemetery)".but this mess was a total mistake in every way possible. the "creatures" themselves seemed designed by a 9-year-old. (no offense to 9-year-olds.)even the "one-liners" made us groan and weren't remotely amusing.

a charming boy and his mother move to a middle of nowhere town, cats and death soon follow them. that about sums it up.i'll admit that i am a little freaked out by cats after seeing this movie. but in all seriousness in spite of the numerous things that are wrong with this film, and believe me there is plenty of that to go around, it is overall a very enjoyable viewing experience.the characters are more like caricatures here with only their basis instincts to rely on. fear, greed, pride lust or anger seems to be all that motivate these people. although it can be argued that that seeming failing, in actuality, serves the telling of the story. the supernatural premise and the fact that it is a stephen king screenplay(not that i have anything specific against mr. king) are quite nicely supported by some interesting fx work, makeup and quite suitable music. the absolute gem of this film is without a doubt alice krige who plays mary brady, the otherworldly mother.king manages to take a simple story of outsider, or people who are a little different(okay - a lot in this case), trying to fit in and twists it into a campy over the top little horror gem that has to be in the collection of any horror fan.

there are no spoilers here... because there is no plot to spoil. madchen amick is living proof a face can make a living acting-- no talent required. the only bright spot are a few really good one-liners delivered very nicely by alice krige, but then again, she is alice krige. her soft dreamy voice gives the only hint at just how seductively dangerous these odd creatures can be. she is believably creepy in this otherwise unbelievable plot. how they got her to agree to this project remains a mystery. the screenplay writers must have been medicated when they submitted this script. it has major continuity problems, superficial stereotypical characters, horror formula writing, and simply falls short of making any sense what-so-ever. the creatures, while they have neat skills like going "dim", the question of where they come from and what they are is never so much explored. don't waste any time on this one.

ok, i taped this off tv and missed the very start. the film was about 10 or so seconds into the titles (i assume) so if anything happened before that i missed it.lots of people say mark hammill is in this, i didn't see him. i did recognise clive barker, john landis and obviously stephen king doing some really awful acting as the graveyard attendant.alice krige looks lovely apart from the scenes where she has the cat face or is in full alien make-up.even with the opening titles it's never really explained very well exactly what sleepwalkers are or where they come from. from the title sequence i assume they are catlike bipeds who live by extracting life-force from humans. i assume they live a long time and these particular 2 are possibly the last of their kind.add to this a very large dose of incest (yes! i thought it was a bit suspect too), shapeshifting, killer cats and invisibility and you have sleepwalkers.it's a very bad story that has no real explanations behind the main 2 characters and far too many cameo's to try and distract from the simple fact that not enough is explained to the viewer.avoid.

.... and after seeing this pile of crap you won't be surprised that it wasn't published !!!! spoilers !!!!this is a terrible movie by any standards but when i point out that it's one of the worst movies that has the name stephen king in the credits you can start to imagine how bad it is . the movie starts of with two characters staring open mouthed at a scene of horror : " my god . what happened here ? " " i don't know but they sure hate cats " *the camera pans to the outside of a house where hundreds of cats are strung up dead and mutilated . boy this guy is right , someone does hate cats and with a deduction like that he should be a policeman . oh wait a minute , he is a policeman and when a movie starts with a cop making an oh so obvious observation you just know you're going to be watching a bad movie the reason sleepwalkers is bad is that it's very illogical and confused . we eventually find out the monsters of the title need the blood of virgins to survive . would they not be better looking for a virgin in the mid west bible belt rather than an american coastal town ? having said that at least we know of the monsters motives - that's the only thing we learn . we never learn how they're able to change shape or are able to make cars become invisible and this jars with the ending that seems to have been stolen from the terminator . monster mother walks around killing several cops with her bare hands or blowing them up via a police issue hand gun ( ! ) but if her monster breed is immune from police fire power then why do the creatures need the ability to change shape or become invisible ? the demise of the creatures is equally ill thought out as there killed by a mass attack of household cats . if they can be killed by cats then why did the monsters not kill all the cats that were lying around the garden ? there was a whole horde of moggies sitting around but the monsters never thought about killing them . i guess that's so the production team can come up with an ending . it was that they started the movie my complaint lies we're treated to several scenes where famous horror movie directors like john landis , clive barker and even stephen king make cameos . i think the reason for this is because whenever a struggling unknown actor read the script they instantly decided that no matter what , they weren't going to appear in a movie this bad so stephen king had to phone up his horror buddies in order to fill out the cast . that's how bad sleepwalkers is* unbelievable as it seems that wasn't the worst line in the movie . the worst line is - " that cat saved my life "

so on the chills network on cable they are having "vampire month", i'm such a dork, but i love vampires. so after a few duds that they showed i was pretty disappointed, but then i noticed sleepwalkers was written by stephen king. so i decided to go ahead and check it out, well much to my surprise, this movie was really bad. most stephen king films are entertaining and some are very scary. while sleepwalkers was bad, it was a beautiful kind of bad. i had a good time laughing at this movie and just taking it for what it was. i've never read sleepwalkers, from what i understand this is the only real vampire story by king, so i can't really compare book to film. i don't know if it was just my tv, but sleepwalkers looked like it was made for tv. the special effects were corny and the story was a bit far fetched, even if it is fantasy, it had a lot of problems. charles brady and his mother mary are vampires who feed off the life force of virgin women. they are considerably more resilient than humans and have powers of both telekinesis and illusion. their one weakness is cats, who are not only able to see through their illusions but whose claws are capable of inflicting severe to fatal wounds upon them. they also maintain an incestuous relationship. charles and mary have taken up residence in a small indiana town. charles attends the local high school, and there he meets tanya robertson in his creative writing class. tanya does not suspect the real reason why charles wants her so much; to take her life force for his mother, who is starving. at first, it seems that charles has fallen in love with tanya. on their first date, however, a picnic at the nearby cemetery, charles attempts to drain the life force from tanya while kissing her. as it happens, deputy sheriff andy simpson who had earlier tried to pull charles over for speeding, drives by the cemetery and notices charles' car. when tanya runs to him for help, charles tracks andy down and kills him. when charles then turns to resume his life force-depleting make out session with tanya, the deputy's cat, clovis, rises to the occasion and nearly kills charles by scratching him in the face and chest. mortally wounded by clovis, charles staggers back home to mary. mary then seeks vengeance on tanya's family.so to sum this movie up basically you should expect the cheese to overflow. the scene where charles attacks tanya for the first time is very cliché and you almost vote for charles to win just because tanya is one of the dumbest female leads in horror movies. then you gotta love the scene where mary has a gun and shoots it at a cop car and somehow the whole thing explodes, god bless hollywood explosions and exaggerations. i'm taking the movie for what it is, it's just so deliciously bad that it turns into a dark comedy for me that i could just enjoy making fun of. i'm not sure if this is what stephen king wanted to see for his story, but he does have his typical cameo in the film. so my suggestion if you watch this movie, just take it for what it is and don't over think it, it's mindless entertainment with corny effects, bad casting, a silly story and enough cats to make the crazy cat lady from the simpson's say "wow, that's a lot of cats".4/10

i liked batman: dead end. a dark edgy film-noir setting for batman was perfect. batman: dead end is good. this is not.first of all let me start off with the acting. none of it is really that good. the best would probably be clark bartram as batman. but that isn't saying much. he is good at first glance, and then you realize he is what he is, a body-builder who happens to be a tolerable actor. but mainly the problem is that batman doesn't belong in the daylight, he looks like a freak running around in a bat suit. instead of a horribly scarred man trying to make up for past mistakes. the daylight also reveals an irritating dorky scowl on bartram's face which never leaves and unoticeable in batman: dead end, probably because of the darkness of short which is so desired in this trailer. bartram seems to think that scowling and stubbornly shaking his head is acting, it's not, it's quite the opposite. it's called posing, something real actors avoid like the plague.something i never understood why collora casted body-builders as the leads. it makes much more sense to give the role to an actor who can manage it, instead of a bodybuilder who can kinda manage it but hey he looks so much like the comic! of course, they might have done better if collora's dialouge didn't leave much to be desired.the entire trailer (yes, trailer. there will not be a full-length film) is more centered around superman then batman. but everything on the superman side is corny, cloying and amateur. michael o'hearn (superman) is one of the worst actors i've ever seen. he stands around, smiles, says his lines. that's about it. although i'm not surprised since he is just a bodybuilder they hired and possibly received a few acting lessons. once again i say to collora, cast actors. not bodybuilders. actors will be so much more compelling that we will forgive the fact they don't look exactly like the comic book.the costume is what you would expect superman to wear. as for the batman suit. well, i guess it only looks good in the dark. i say this because in some shots the suit looks like something you would buy from a halloween gift shop.superman flies in this movie. but that isn't a good thing. these shots look especially amateur. this and a lot of the entire "film" looks like it was shot in their backyard with a vhs camera.the best shots are a shot of superman catching a car in his hands. and the final shot of two-face and batman at the very end. for those of you who have seen the trailer. you know what i'm talking about. now if only he could have stretched that shot through the entire trailer.finally i ask. why if you're trying to show your ability as a director, would you make a trailer as a short film? this proves nothing when it comes to being an actual director handling story. my only piece of advice for collora here is, there is a difference between the ability to tell a story and being able to work in marketing.batman: dead end didn't feel amateur. i can't figure out where this went wrong.

giving credit where it's due, only the technicolor, costumes and sets deserve any honorable mention.this is undoubtedly the lowest point in bing crosby's long career at paramount. the script is about as clumsy as you could possibly imagine and neither the casual bing nor william bendix nor sir cedric hardwicke can do a thing about repairing it. bendix looks extremely foolish in a page boy wig. and poor rhonda fleming has a stock costume heroine role requiring her to look adoringly at bing and little else except for warbling a couple of uninspired ballads in a voice probably dubbed for the occasion.just plain awful! mark twain's wit is not evident in any of the screenplay. only die-hard crosby fans can possibly appreciate this mess of a film given uninspired direction. even the extras look as though they don't know what they're supposed to be doing.summing up: dull as dishwater. not recommended, even for children.

although i have enjoyed bing crosby in other movies, i find this movie to be particularly grating. maybe because i'm from a different era and a different country, but i found crosby's continual references to the good old usa pleasant at first, trite after a while and then finally annoying. don't get me wrong - i'm not anti-american whatsoever - but it seemed that the english could do no right and/or needed this brave, oh so smart american visitor to show them the way. it's a "fish out of water" story, but unlike most movies of this sort, this time it's the "fish" who has the upper hand. to be fair to both myself and the movie, i have watched it a few times spaced over a few years and get the same impression each time.(i watched another crosby movie last night - the emperor's waltz - and that, too, produced the same reaction in me. and to my surprise even my wife - who for what's it's worth is american - found the "in your face" attitude of american crosby to be irritating. one too many references to teddy roosevelt, as she put it.) as for the premise of the movie, it's unique enough for its day and the supporting cast is of course very good. the scenery and the music is also good, as are the great costumes - although i agree with a previous reviewer that the wig on william bendix looks horrid (picture moe of the three stooges).all in all for me this would be a much more enjoyable picture without the attitude of bing crosby but because he is in virtually every shot it's pretty hard to sit through this movie.

this was a "cute" movie at first, then then got too sappy and featured mediocre songs, at best.there is too much king james english spoken with is not only annoying in today's world but not always easy to interpret. can you imagine young people of today trying to listen to this film? forget it.bing crosby has some good lines in here and is likable as "hank martin." rhonda fleming ("alisande la carteloise") was, too, in addition to her good looks and beautiful, long red hair. it's a nice movie with a feel-good ending, and i can't knock that. maybe this is worthy of a rental, for historical sake or if you're a big crosby fan but, overall, it's not that much.

what's with the murky video in the beginning and sporadically throughout the movie? it's like someone put muddy water on the camera lens.the violence and nudity might turn some people off but, that, along with the mostly bad acting is what makes a good cult movie i suppose.my favorite line is delivered by tarquin the vampire, "alas, your breed is dumb." okay, no one should ever say "alas" in a movie line unless they're english and living in the 18th century.the acting by the van helsing character and bad girl "rally" isn't bad. i also liked master little played by ron little. wicked martial arts! don't take it too seriously and you'll enjoy it.

allow me to start this review by saying this: i love vampire movies. they can suck (har har pun intended), and i'll still love them because vampires are just cool in movies. van helsing, considered by many to be a steaming pile of crap, was enjoyable to me because of the fact that there were vampires. you may ask: "what does that have to do with this movie?" the answer is that i intend to inform you of how horrible this movie truly is, that even a sucker (harharhar) for vampire movies like me can despise a movie like this so much.the movie stars van helsing, a college professor guy who isn't at all convincing. he's a terrible actor, like everyone else in this movie, and he wrote it, to add salt to the wound. i honestly to not mean to offend him, and i'm sure everyone had fun making this movie, but watching it was actually painful. i'm not sure why i watched the whole thing; perhaps it was a morbid fascination, like watching an impending train crash: it's horrible, but you can't manage to force yourself to look away. its main fault is that it's just so ****ing boring, and its plot is so damn ridiculous, even for a science fiction horror movie.but, i digress. by the way, van helsing has sex with his mom. of course, he doesn't know it's her at the time; he just thinks it's one of his students (which is still illegal and all, but not as disgusting and creepy).if i were van helsing, i would at least pull an oedipus myself when i found out i had done something so gross. it would've made for one entertaining thing if he just made some comment on it, but no. the point isn't even brought up at all, by any of the characters. it's as if the writer didn't even think of it. i would've at least had another character laugh at him and say "ha ha, you had sex with your mom," which would be mildly humorous (although blatantly immature). i'm probably running out of room, so a few more words to dissuade you from ever seeing this film: there's a vampire ninja fight with an old man. it would be funny, but the filmmakers expect us to take it seriously. it's not even worth watching the movie to see how bad it is. stay far, far away from it if you value your time at all.i will say one thing positive about the movie: the guy who plays van helsing is pretty slick with that knife of his. there's like, a minute long segment where he swings around his knife and actually does some pretty nifty tricks. it would be boring in any other movie, but here, sadly, it was the highlight.

an interesting concept vampirism having something to do with a virus.(but done several times by now) overall the movie is too long and drags a bit. the editing could have been tighter. i am sorry to hear about the problem with the credits. maybe the movie was rushed to market. the lighting was too dark in places. but the worst technical problem is the audio. the level was good enough to hear the dialog, but many of the interiors have a echo sound to them, which is very distracting. either they were not careful in the recording, or the sound mixing could have been better. also too much background noise got through. the should have gotten someone to do sound effects for the martial arts scenes. the tinny clank of swords hitting together was not the sound of an epic battle. especially in the combat scenes the editing needed to be tighter.also the acting was a bit flat. i am sorry, but when i see that the same person writes and stars in a movie, in my experience it is a red flag.but it was a good effort so i gave it a 4.

not your typical vamp story, not bram stoker or anne rice here. a truly original vampyre story. these vampyres are genetic mutants who the sunlight don't bother. they are pure evil to. the film is not perfect. many of the actors are clearly amateurs. the two leads who play van helsing and rally the vampyre chick are pretty good though. the film is intensely violent which may disturb some people. also it is loaded with scientific detail that many will find hard to understand and may get bored with. i was sold on the clever storyline and the couple good performances. no telling how successful this film could be if they had a bigger budget and it got mass distribution

i had the opportunity to preview this film as a member of a test audience, and the only thing which kept me in my seat was the chance to fill out the post-screening survey. i felt the film's biggest problem was its lack of a main plot. instead, it was composed of (too) many sub-plots competing for screen time. as a result, there is not a single character who is developed enough for the audience to form any sort of attachment. what the director and producer failed to do was show us why we should care what happens to the characters. in fact any one sub-plot and the characters associated with it could have been removed altogether without serious detriment to the film. (the time gained would have allowed for the much needed development of the remaining sub-plots and characters.) simply put, the hungry bachelors club's plate is overcrowded with side dishes and appetizers when an entre is desired.

i have to agree with some of the other comments and even go a step further. nothing about this film worked, absolutely nothing. delmar our central character makes the decision to become a surrogate mother in order to earn enough money to buy a restaurant but along the way fall for a wise ex-jailbird. at the same time her friend hortense is trying to get her lawyer boyfriend to finally marry her. she also happens to be sleeping with marlon who is desperately in love with her. then there's delmar's brother jethro who gets involved with a former coke addict, missy who reveals she was sexually abused by her adopted father. on the sidelines we also have the eccentricmother who has an assortment of equally odd friends, one of whom dies on the couch at the beginning of the film. so far so good but after introducing these characters and story lines addressing life, death, grief and love in the first half, the film simply loses direction. if the writer had only selected one or two characters and allowed us to follow their stories maybe things would have been fine but equal screen time is given to all with the result that no one story or character is fully developed. for instance, why does delmar think she will be able to hand over her child in exchange for money, especially when the prospective parents are a creepy bigoted lawyer and his semi alcoholic and depressed wife? why is hortense so desperate to marry a man who is a jerk and clearly doesn't love her? how is it missy manages to kick her coke habit overnight? is jethro regularly drawn to women with overwhelming problems, or is missy the exception? has delmar and jethro's mother always been on the eccentric side, or is it a more recent development? why is jethro so keen on cadillacs that he has one in the middle of his living room? why did moses spend years in prison for stealing a car, a relatively minor crime? how does delmar manage to end up giving birth to moses' baby when there is no suggestion that they ever had sex? these questions are posed in the screenplay but sadly are never answered. i can only assume they were answered in the original novel and that is why the writer felt the need to include it all in the script. big mistake. losing several subplots especially the hortense and marlon story, which adds nothing to the overall film, would have tightened things considerably and allowed more time to develop the delmar, jethro and moses characters who are clearly more central to the plot and underlying themes than anyone else. add to that the most pedestrian directing style seen outside of the average soap opera and the result is a huge missed opportunity for all, including jorja fox who does her best to rise above the material. i'm not surprised that this appears to have been the director's last film as this effort shows no evidence of a visual style or ability to tell a moving and intelligent story.

this movie has a very hard-to-swallow premise, even by this genre's standards. we are asked to accept not only that a record played backwards can bring a dead man back to life, but that the record also contains hidden messages aimed specifically at one kid, when the singer had no connection to the boy when he was alive, and of course no way of knowing at whose hands the record would end up. anyway, the film is fun for a while, but eventually the silliness and the pointlessness reign supreme. if they were really trying to create a new freddy-like horror icon, they were way off: the villain here has no personality, no motivation, and no variety. (*1/2)

how can a movie have ozzy osbourne and still suck? i just don't get it. trick or treat managed to do it. this sucks and likes it.trick or treat is one of those movies i have to warn people about. it is a vomit-inducing vile atrocity just begging to be viewed so you can feel that much worse about yourself. trick or treat has no redeeming factors.for a movie about heavy metal, it sure doesn't seem to grasp what heavy metal is or what it represents. this movie manages to make heavy metal look lame and this was in 1986, probably one of heavy metal's strongest hours. that is quite a feat, however negative.trick or treat = so bad you will be angry at yourself for having watched it. that simple equation will hopefully keep you away from this brainless and gutless film.

this is an art film that was either made in 1969 or 1972 (the national film preservation foundation says 1969 and imdb says 1972). regardless of the exact date, the film definitely appears to be very indicative of this general time period--with some camera-work and pop art stylings that are pure late 60s-early 70s.the film consists of three simple images that are distorted using different weird camera tricks. these distorted images are accompanied by music and there is absolutely no dialog or plot of any sort. this was obviously intended as almost like a form of performance art, and like most performance art, it's interesting at first but quickly becomes tiresome. the film, to put it even more bluntly, is a total bore and would appeal to no one but perhaps those who made the film, their family and friends and perhaps a few people just too hip and "with it" to be understood by us mortals.

i watched 'envy' two nights ago, on dvd, at a friends house. the premise of this film is quite promising, jack black and ben stiller in a comedy with a lot of potential, but it completely fails to deliver. i watched it with about five friends and no-one laughed for the entire film. the jokes (which are few and far between) are not funny in any way... the story line is crap, and they never answer the question... where does the sh*t go? of course the answer to that is no one cares. this film lacks any sort of comedy value, and as a few other users have said the only thing that makes it even almost worth watching is christopher walken as the j-man. none of the characters are developed, the plots so thin it's nearly transparent - and is that song throughout the film supposed to be funny??

stupid! stupid! stupid! i can not stand ben stiller anymore. how this man is allowed to still make movies is beyond me. i can't understand how this happens if i performed at work the way he acts in a movie i'd get fired and i own the company.....i would have to fire myself. god! this movie was just a plain, steaming, stinking pile of poo, that needs to be vapoorized if that were possible. something else i have to say the guideline about 10 lines of text in a comment is idiotic. what is wrong with just saying a few things about a movie? i will never understand why sites will require a short novel written when sometimes a brief comment is all that is necessary.

this is an action western. james steart leads an all star cast in the scenic northwest, which is filmed in great splendor. the scenery and costumes are great. there is action and adventure. stewart plays a wealthy cattleman who runs afoul of a crooked government in the old nothwest.the main drawback is the stereotypical cynic that hollywood has always made into a hero. even when this movie was made, the cynic was the stereotypical hero, and the one stewart portrays really has few saving graces. he is kind to his two partners, and that does give him an extra dimension of credibility and likability.however, he is so piggish to everyone else, it is hard to really care for him, or to accept him. he is much like the one dimensional spaghetti western characters (cut not that bad).still, the minor characters are quite enjoyable. walter brennan, royal dano, harry morgan, and others make this worth watching.

this is the worst movie i've ever seen. i'm not kidding. the next time it comes on, i will just continually run my head into a wall. it would me more enjoyable to sit in an emergency room trying to explain to a doctor why my brain is swollen than attempting to make it through this movie again.i hope that black and stiller never work together on a project this bad again. they are both good comedians, so i was shocked this was so awkward.if they had to do it all over again, i'm pretty sure that they would decide to not do it. the folks that fronted the money, must have lost a ton. not really- because the special effects (all 2 of them) were terrible.

mann photographs the alberta rocky mountains in a superb fashion, and jimmy stewart and walter brennan give enjoyable performances as they always seem to do. but come on hollywood - a mountie telling the people of dawson city, yukon to elect themselves a marshal (yes a marshal!) and to enforce the law themselves, then gunfighters battling it out on the streets for control of the town? nothing even remotely resembling that happened on the canadian side of the border during the klondike gold rush. mr. mann and company appear to have mistaken dawson city for deadwood, the canadian north for the american wild west.canadian viewers be prepared for a reefer madness type of enjoyable howl with this ludicrous plot, or, to shake your head in disgust.

the five or so really good westerns that mann made are unequaled as an ensemble in hollywood. even john ford never made that many with so much quality. the curious thing about them all is how uneven they are. ford's my darling clementine is worth about two and a half of any of them. or at least two. the real hero of them besides mann and stewart is chase. chase being responsible for the brilliant red river. chase wrote far country, bend of the river, and probably some others. but none of them are as finished as my darling clementine, but then very few films, western or otherwise are. each of the five films of mann have huge gaps, or is it six, lets see. bend, far, man of the west, furies, winchester 73, and yep, six, naked spur. each have magnificent scene after magnificent scene, with fairly glaring lapses. yet so does red river, which is still the single greatest western ever made. so perfection isn't everything. but the far country has huge, huge holes. it's mawkish, and really comes alive only when stewart and mc entire are locking horns. the rest is pretty pedestrian, with the usual exception of mann's camera. mann's camera is a one man course in cinematography. it is about as good an eye as anybody who ever got behind a strip of moving film. it is almost never in the wrong place, never. the far country has one amazing moment. and as usual it comes from stewart. nobody in the history of cinema ever received physical punishment with the authority of that man. he is absolutely amazing: look at him in bend, far, winchester, and man from laramie: in bend has been beaten up and is hanging by a thread so believably and with such boiling hatred he looks like somebody displaced from dachau, in far he is shot off a raft with such violence, it looks so convincing that you wince, and of course when he is dragged through the fire in man, well you find yourself looking for the burn marks. what an actor. not to mention the moment in winchester when he is beaten up early in the hotel room, also as well as anybody ever did it. but that was mann's territory: look at gary cooper fighting with jack lord in man of the west. as painful as any fight scene ever recorded. cooper while not being quite as convincing as stewart, nevertheless is somehow his equal in looking exhausted at the end of the fight. in short, nobody but nobody but nobody ever showed the human being in extremis as well as mann. what a great, great director. see every western he ever made. they are his real monuments, even if all are scetchy. but so what. when he gets roaring with his great scenes they are as good as anybody, including ford. and his six westerns as an ensemble are the best ever done by anyone, period.thanks, anthony.

i didn't know whether to laugh or cry at this misrepresentation of canadian history, particularly the disservice done to the history of the mounted police in the yukon.i'll leave it to pierre berton, noted historian, born and raised in dawson city yukon, and author of the definitive history of the klondike gold rush, klondike: the last great gold rush, 1896-1899 to express my exasperation with this silly movie: the american idea of an untamed frontier, subdued by individual heroes armed with six-guns, was continued in the far country, another story about a cowboy from the american west - wyoming this time - driving his herd of beef cattle into gold country. the picture is a nightmare of geographical impossibilities, but the real incongruity is the major assumption on which the plot turns – that there was only one mounted policeman in all of the canadian yukon at the time of the gold rush and that he could not deal with the lawlessness. when james stewart and walter brennan reach the yukon border with their cattle, the customs shack is empty."where is the constable? asks brennan."up on the pelly river. trouble with the chilkats," someone replies. he's got a real tough job, that constable. he patrols some ten or twenty thousand square miles. sometimes he don't get home for two or three months at a time." the historical truth is that the yukon territory during the gold rush was the closest thing to a police state british north america has ever seen. the northwest mounted police was stationed in the territory in considerable numbers long before the klondike strike. they controlled every route into the yukon and they brooked no nonsense. they collected customs duties, often over the wails of the new arrivals, made arbitrary laws on the spot about river navigation, and turned men back if they didn't have enough supplies, or if they simply looked bad. in true canadian fashion, they laid down moral laws for the community. in dawson the lord's day act was strictly observed; it was a crime punishable by a fine to cut your wood on sunday; and plump young women were arrested for what the stern-faced police called "giving a risqué performance in the theatre," generally nothing more than dancing suggestively on the stage in overly revealing tights.in such a community, a gunbelt was unthinkable. one notorious bad man from tombstone who tried to pack a weapon on his hip was personally disarmed by a young constable, who had just ejected him from a saloon for the heinous crime of talking too loudly. the bad man left like a lamb but protested when the policeman, upon discovering he was carrying a gun told him to hand it over. "no man has yet taken a gun away from me," said the american. "well, i'm taking it", the constable said mildly and did so, without further resistance. so many revolvers were confiscated in dawson that they were auctioned off by the police for as little as a dollar and purchased as souvenirs to keep on the mantelpiece.in 1898, the big year of the stampede, there wasn't a serious crime – let alone a murder – in dawson. the contrast with skagway on the american side, which was a lawless town run by soapy smith, the denver confidence man, was remarkable. but in the far country dawson is seen as a community without any law, which a soapy smith character from skagway – he is called gannon in the picture – can easily control. (in real life, one of smith's men who tried to cross the border had all his equipment confiscated and was frogmarched right back again by a mounted police sergeant).{in the movie the lone mountie says} "yes i'm the law. i represent the law in the yukon territory. about fifty thousand square miles of it.""then why aren't there more of you?""because yesterday this was a wilderness. we didn't expect you to pour in by the thousands. now that you're here, we'll protect you.""when?""there'll be a post established here in dawson early in may.""what happens between now and may? you going to be here to keep order?""part of the time.""what about the rest of the time?""pick yourselves a good man. swear him in. have him act as marshal…"the movie mountie leaves and does not appear again in the picture. his astonishing suggestion – that an american town marshal, complete with tin star, be sworn in by a group of townspeople living under british jurisprudence – is accepted. naturally they want to make jimmy stewart the marshal; he clearly fits the part. but stewart is playing the role of the loner who looks after number one and so another man is elected to get shot. and he does. others get shot. even walter brennan gets shot. stewart finally comes to the reluctant conclusion that he must end all the shooting with some shooting of his own. he pins on the tin star and he and the bully, gannon, blast away at each other in the inevitable western climax.to anybody with a passing knowledge of the canadian north, this bald re-telling of the story passes rational belief. …excerpt from hollywood's canada, by pierre berton, 1975.

sorry, gave it a 1, which is the rating i give to movies on which i walk out or fall asleep. in this case i fell asleep 10 minutes from the end, really, really bored and not caring at all about what happened next.

i haven't seen "henry fool", but after watching "fay grim" i'm not sure i want to. maybe hartley aims to be the "anti-thriller" director---he sure succeeded with this yawner. based on the official description---woman discovers that her dead husband's manuscript contains material that could pose a threat to national security---i expected a taut geopolitical drama. instead i got flimsy structure, goofy dialog, flabby characterizations, a convoluted plot, and a "tone" that shifts so often it suggests that hartley changed the script according to his mood at any given time. i can hang for a long time with a frustrating, hard-to-follow plot (e.g. "duplicity") because i figure that the loose ends eventually will come together. even when they don't, or they do but they leave lingering questions (e.g. "duplicity"), sharp writing and acting can hold one's interest. but half-way through "fay grim" i reached a deadly realization---i didn't know what was going on, and i didn't care. too bad, because i really like parker posey, reduced here to working with an absurd part that asked her to morph from indifferent, estranged wife and indifferent, clueless mother to tough, shrewd international "player" capable of psychological mano a mano with terrorists. there's also bad casting. jeff goldblum can be very good, but he's not capable of overcoming miscasting as a cia operative. he looks almost as uncomfortable in the role as i was watching him in it. his cia sidekick is worse; he looks like a refugee from the quarterfinals of "american idol" (are there really young cia agents with big licks of hair rakishly draped over their foreheads?). then there's the sticky question of the characters' ages. goldblum was 54 when he made "fay grim"; thomas jay ryan, who plays "henry fool", was 44. neither was made to look or seem older than their actual ages. yet, a key point in the story is that they served as cia agents in nicaragua "back in the '70s." goldblum's character would've been in his 20s then; henry fool would've been a teenager. was hartley being "quirky" or lazy? the problems are too numerous to list...

i say 'i'd figure' in that line because, frankly, i've not seen a hal hartley movie until now. it's not that i haven't heard of him though, as he was seen as one of those small ny filmmakers (when i say small i mean even smaller than jim jarmusch), who made ultra-personal projects on limited budgets. in an ironic way, much as with pasolini's salo, though in a slightly different context, fay grim interests me to see some of hartley's more acclaimed features, because there seems to be at least present some semblance of talent behind it, as if hartley *could* be a very good filmmaker who may be so good he's just taken a big experimental blunder. or, on the other hand, he could just be someone far too impressed with his own idiosyncrasies and would-be godard-like cinematic collisions.i can't quite explain the story, which may or may not be a problem i suppose, however it's not really in due to not having seen the film that preceded fay grim, henry fool. i think even if i had that experience it wouldn't make too much of a difference based on the final results. there's a lot of international espionage, a double plot wrapped inside of another that's fallen through the fake pockets of the title character, played in an aloof way by parker posey (not sure if that's good or bad either, maybe both), and also involving a cia operative (jeff goldblum, as usual a solid presence amid the mania, even conjuring some laughs), not to mention an orgy-laden picture box, and author henry fool. it's not that the script is totally impenetrable, however much it goes into over-extended loopholes just for the sake of it, because there are some touches of witty or affectingly strange dialog.quite simply, the direction just sucks. harltey is in love with the third man, which is fine, but he imposes a consistently headache inducing style of everything being tilted in angle, with characters having to get into frame equally oddly. not since battlefield earth, in fact, has a director come off so annoyingly in trying to make the unnecessary choice of titled angles for some bizarre dramatic effect, only this time hartley isn't amid a cluster-f***, he's mostly responsible for it. this, along with the crazy wannabe godard title-cards that pop in here and there, some a little amusing and some just totally stupid, and the montage segments all in still shots, and a couple of moments involving action that almost call to mind ed wood, undermine any of the potential that is in the script, which is already fairly hard to decipher. in a way, it's fascinating to watch how bad this all goes, but a kind of fascination that comes in seeing the flip-side to total creative control on a sort-of small-scale story.but let it be known: you'll likely not come across a more wretchedly pretentious example of american independent film-making this year.

it's hard to believe that this is a sequel to henry fool. hard to believe that the same director and actors were involved in both movies. while henry fool is refreshing, witty, comical, fay grim is slow, boring, and doesn't go anywhere. where has the wit gone? i am baffled.it is 10 years since i saw henry fool and many of its dialogs and scenes are still vivid in my memory. fay grim is painful to watch. this is no fault of the actors, who are good (parker posey) or great (jeff goldblum) -- the blame lies entirely with the plot, the dialog, and even some of the filming (low budget is no excuse). a huge disappointment. sorry i couldn't pay attention to the plot, i was so bored, so disappointed... if you enjoyed this one you might not enjoy henry fool so much... the two movies have absolutely nothing to do with each other... there is no continuity in the characters' personalities... it's all a fraud to entice fans of henry fool to watch the sequel.i'm switching this off now -- henry in some sort of jail with a taliban?!?!

this movie has beautiful scenery. unfortunately it has no plot. in order to have a plot there must be a conflict. this movie had none. it spent two hours painting a beautifule scene and failed to ever place any activity in it. the picture trys to be artistic but fails to pay attentions to the fundamentals of story telling.if you love montana scenery and fly fishing you will find some value in this film just don't expect a story. there isn't one.

despite being a huge fan of fred astaire and ginger rogers' movies, it wasn't until about 6 years ago that i first saw 'follow the fleet'. i knew all the songs from an old astaire/rogers record (yes, vinyl) but knew nothing of the plot.unfortunately, while the songs are catchy and ginger rogers' character is sweet and funny, you just can't like 'bake baker'. while trying to make up to his longtime partner, he continually sabotages her career. his character doesn't have the usual humour and elan of the other films' astaire characters.worth watching for the songs and a great solo tap routine by ginger rogers.

this movie sucks ass. something about a heatwave in some european country, complete trash. there's nothing going for this movie whatsoever. maybe 30 seconds of sex but that's it. there is a very annoying chick who hitches rides with people and really pisses me off. this movie is complete rash and you shouldn't subject yourself to watching it. i regret it it's very boring. i would rate it zero but i can't. no body in their right mind should see this. i'm sure you'll regret it completely i did. how could they think up something this bad. even mystery men was better. mystery men. that sucks. that movie wasn't worth being made. complete waste of time. the characters in this are very hard to understand and i good very very very bored.

what an appalling piece of rubbish!!! who are all these people who blubber on about how good this is? yes, it's "arty"; and yes, it's "foreign", but .... that's not enough. the plot is boring and disjointed, like a reality show but not so slickly made.the people are intrinsically uninteresting; but as characters they don't have enough depth to feel empathy for them. if they are based on real people then i feel very, very sorry for them.the violence (and some of it is very violent) seems quite ostentatious and gratuitous. it's like the producer has visions of being quenton tarantino. not that i think very much of him, either.and oh yes: if i had neighbours like these, i'd move!

i didn't think it could be done, but something has come along and replaced open house- a low budget horror about someone killing over the high price of real estate- as the worst film i've ever seen in my short but otherwise sweet life.it was touted as the best film in montreal's most recent film festival, which leads me to believe that every other entry must consist of blank-wall shots accompanied by people reading gloomy poetry.watching this movie was like a little slice of hell. it's from austria, and it attempts to stumble along in the footsteps of short cuts and blue velvet- scenes about various characters living in a suburban area with a dark underbelly. there's the fat dog owner and his fat maid wife who stripteases for him, the skinny divorcee whose wife still lives with him in a house that includes the untouched room of his dead child, the über-annoying woman hitchhiker who recites top ten lists... the list goes on. forever. much like the two hours plus i spent in that theatre.yes, the characters interact, but not in a clever or interesting or even relevant way. i couldn't say if they were any good as actors, as, according to the subtitles, they were given lines that were the austrian equivalent of "you are so lame!" they certainly didn't have to learn many, as each repeated his or her same lines at least three times in a scene.this is no gummo, or any of the aforementioned movies. there is no art to discover, and nothing to dwell on afterwards except maybe whether or not you should change your "never walk out during a movie" policy (which quite a few older couples did during a random orgy scene- and if that sounds appetizing, it's not, unless you're one of few who doesn't find the idea of your parents having sex- and with a few local middle-aged couples, to boot- revolting).this movie was offensive to me. not the flabby nudity, not the cringe-inducing soundtrack, not the shockless scenes involving guns. i was offended that someone actually spent money to make this when there are capable writers and filmmakers out there looking for funding. i was offended that someone from out of town might have gone to see dog days and come out wondering if that was the best us montrealers could find. most of all, i was offended that, somehow, the people involved with the festival duped everyone into believing that the emperor had a gorgeous and mesmerising new outfit when it was painfully clear that he was as naked as the fat maid wife doing a striptease.

fragmentaric movie about a couple of people in austria during a heatwave. this kind of movie has been done more often, and most of all, better. the stories don't really have anything to do with each other, apart from the pathetic finale: 'people are cruel'. ugly flesh, unpleasant people and a movie that goes on way too long without really making a point... ultra-realistic? hardly... boring? indeed. not even gorgeous franzisca weiss can save this one! 3/10

if you are looking for a film the portrays the pointless and boring existence of middle class lives caught in a web of non-communication and false ideals, then this is the film for you. if you also what the film to be engaging and keep your interest, then you should probably look elsewhere. there are many films that do this far better. for example, try some of the darker films by bergman. the filmmaker felt that in order to show the spiritual poverty of the middle class he should subject the viewer to one agonizingly dull and vacuous incident after another until the film finally comes to its tortuous and pathetic end. if you value your time there are far better ways to spend two hours, like cleaning your house, for example.

i once promised never to walk out of any film ( a personal policy that made me suffer through the most different kinds of dreck, such as rambo 3, baise moi, deep impact) - but mr. seidl almost succeeded. hundstage was a truly awful experience. anyone who sees this movie will think that austrians are a miserable, pathetic bunch of retards. it shows a world where love and humanity don't exist, a world where people humiliate each other only for one reason - to distract from their own miserable existence. by choosing a documentary-like style with non-professional actors (most of them look like straight from the imagination of austrian shock-cartoonist deix) director seidl wants to make us believe that this is real life in austrian (european? western?) suburbs. the viewer is confronted with depictions of sex orgies, violence against women and handicapped people, madness and degradation. but this isn't social criticism. this is just pure shock without any aesthetic value. instead you get bad acting, bad cinematography, bad filmmaking. if anybody needs a film like this to realize that there are things wrong in our society then this person must have walked through life with closed eyes. this is pseudo-social criticism with a sledge hammer. and it looks down on people in a disgustingly condescending way. it shows ugly people - that is not the reason why i hate it. but it depicts average people in an ugly, misanthropic way. and this is why this film is truly despicable.

earlier today i got into an argument on why so many people complain about modern films in which i encountered a curious statement: "the character development in newer movies just isn't nearly as good or interesting as it used to be." depending on the film(s) in question, this can be attributed to a number of things, sometimes generic special effects and plot-driven hollywood garbage like war of the worlds, but in the case of over-the-top, uninteresting attempts at social commentary and a desperate struggle to put "art" back into cinema, it's movies like dog days that are to blame.i normally have a very high tolerance for movies, no matter how dull or pointless i find them (ranging from good, long ones like andrei rublev and dogville, to ones i've considered painful to sit through a la alpha dog and wild wild west). i shut this movie off 45 minutes in, which is 30 minutes more than i actually should have. i wasn't interested in any of the characters whatsoever and found nothing substantial beyond a thin veil of unfocused pessimism. in an attempt to say something about the dregs of society, this film too easily falls into being self-indulgent, trite, and exploitative in a very sincere sense. granted, i've seen many disturbing movies on the same subject, but there are so many better films out there about depressing, pathetic people (happiness, gummo, kids, salo, storytelling, irreversible) that actually contain characters of great emotional depth and personality. dog days had none more than an eighth grader's distaste for society, choosing to ignore any true intelligence about the way people actually are, and instead choosing to be a dull, awful, and hopelessly unoriginal attempt at a work of "art." this isn't a characterization of the unknown or a clever observation into the dregs of society, it's just boring and nothing worth caring about.

this movie reminds me of "irréversible (2002)", another art-work movie with is a violent and radical approach of human nature. i did not like the movie but i cannot say that it is a bad movie, it is just special. i reminds me also of "camping cosmos (1996)" where a bunch of low-class figures are residents of a camp at the sea in belgium. the same description of people living together, side by side against their wills and with all the confrontation of characters that do not match together. i also thought about the books by the french writer emile zola who was a writer of the style that is naturalism. i did not like the movie and i also do not like the people who are in it. they all seem so vulgar, without any basic good taste. one could ask the question why do they live, they all seem to be on this planet a a member of a big farce, forced to live against their will. or you could say: the hell is on this world.

this film is in no way entertainment but more of a look deep into the depths of the darkest side of human behaviour. loosely linking a half a dozen stories of the worst kind of depravities, perverted sex, greed, violence and intolerance. all the action is played out over a few very hot and sticky days during a heatwave in vienna and the heat is maybe responsible for some of the anger and hate in the film. for me the treatment of the retarded girl by the security equipment salesman was about the worst episode, closely followed by the scenes of drunkenness and perversity in the 'slags' flat. you will be gripped and i hope horrified by this film. i hated it but i felt compelled to see it through. 1/10 for 'fun' 8/10 for displaying 'man' as he sometimes is.

this movie has beautiful scenery. unfortunately it has no plot. in order to have a plot there must be a conflict. this movie had none. it spent two hours painting a beautiful scene and failed to ever place any activity in it. the picture tries to be artistic but fails to pay attentions to the fundamentals of story telling.if you love montana scenery and fly fishing you will find some value in this film just don't expect a story. there isn't one.

the problem i find with this title is that i am not sure if the director is trying to produce a documentary or movie. a blend of the two genres just doesn't work and that leaves the whole thing hung in the middle of nowhere. this is more so as the director has picked the most extremes of what is supposed to be happening around our everyday life making it an unconvincing documentary. if it is meant to be a thriller/drama this is too dull and monotonous. in either case, what is the moral or the message which the director is trying to convey to the audience? that around us there are people who ill-treat others who are willing to be ill-treated? that there are many crazy lunatics around us? so..........so what?

documentary about nomadic persians making a treacherous traverse of massive mountains to get their herds to grass. watching this silent, black and white feature, marred in part by a twink-twink-twink oriental music score that could not have been used in the original exhibition, is even duller than it sounds. the spectacular scenery is lost on a small black and white screen, and there is an utter failure to establish any kind of plot line. i loved nanook of the north and march of the penguins, but despised this movie, notwithstanding the similarity of the theme. physical hardships alone are just not that interesting.

i read the comment of chris_m_grant from united states.he wrote : " a fantastic documentary of 1924. this early 20th century geography of today's iraq was powerful."i would like to thank chris and people who are interested in bakhtiari nomads of iran, the zagros mountains and landscapes and have watched the movie grass, a nation's battle for life. these traditions you saw in the movie have endured for centuries and will go on as long as life endures. i am from this region of iran myself. i am a bakhtiari. chris, i am sorry to bother you but bakhtiari region of zardkuh is in iran not in irak as you mentioned in your comment. iran and irak are two different and distinct countries. taking an iranian for an irankian is almost like taking an american for an mexican. thanks,ziba

this movie got extremely silly when things started to happen. i couldn't care less about any of the characters; susan walters was so annoying, and the leading actor (forget his name) also got on my nerves. can't quite remember how it ended and so forth but the whole idea of aliens possessing human bodies and all just seemed stupid in this film, things didn't quite carry off. my dad told me it's s stupid movie...i should've listened to him.

although there's flying guillotines as part of the title of this movie, it has no connections to the original flying guillotines (1975) and its sequel flying guillotines ii (1978). the two originals are masterpieces of kung-fu movie and still stands out as a classic. this is a much inferior copy of the original, and even as a regular kung-fu movie, it's below average.first of all, this movie doesn't have much acting. it's one senseless fight scene after another, and flying guillotine doesn't even play a major part in them. story is about some shaolin monks who are tracking down some villains who've took off with a sacred book, and an evil prince who owns part of this book is part of the plot. the same evil prince has plans to lure the monks in and use the flying guillotines on them.there are four movies with flying guillotine as part of its title. this in my opinion is of least quality. the design of the flying guillotine in this movie is different from the other three indicating that this movie was produced by a different entity from the other three.the movie has no chemistry asides from being unintentionally funny due to poor production. best skip this and watch the two originals.

1975's master of the flying guillotine is an amazing and wonderful film to watch. this isn't because the fighting is particularly inspired or because the film makes any sense at all. it's because the film is so silly and so over-the-top that it is a camp classic--bad, but enjoyably bad. the film stars a blind guy who has a frisbee-like device on a chain that chops off people's heads as he expertly throws this at his foes! who cares that the physics are impossible or that the film features such silly things as fighters with 12 foot long papier-mache arms or that the guy was blind! it's just a ball to watch from start to finish--and one of my favorite "bad" films and great to see with friends.because of this film, i was eager to see the fatal flying guillotines (1977), though sadly it turned out not to be a sequel but a bit of a knock-off--taking many of the ideas from the original but neglecting to make the film as coherent or watchable. sure, it's silly fun, but it never comes close to master of the flying guillotine in entertainment value. like the original film, there are these weird flying devices that sever heads, but they are quite different--with circular saw blades and almost a mind of their own. there also is no blind guy but instead are a bunch of baddies who really have no depth nor does the audience understand exactly what's occurring in this english-dubbed version, as the plot is completely incomprehensible. however, at the same time, some of the martial arts action is very good. while not up to the high standards of most bruce lee or sonny chiba films, the action is worthwhile despite the ludicrous and often confusing plot.overall, this is a film that martial arts fans may like (despite its many, many, many, many shortcomings), but also one that others will probably turn off or laugh hysterically at instead of enjoying the action because the film is just so ludicrous. but, most importantly, it never comes close to being as funny or watchable as master of the flying guillotine. too bad.

this movie shows us nothing original. every idea or (action) scene can be found in many previously released movies. fabulous nick is completely plain here. even will patton is calm and evil nor good. mr. duvall is ok, but has a very small part. so does angelina, so how can we determine her newly acclaimed stardom? overall, there are too many characters, so that nobody and nothing is especially detailed. this makes the movie easy to forget. too bad, don't you think?

this was a horrible film! i gave it 2 points, one for angelina jolie and a second one for the beautiful porsche in the beginning... other than that the story just plain sucked and cars racing through cities wasn't so new in 1970. the happyend was probably what annoyed me the most, seldomly seen anything so constructed!

the remake of h.b. halicki's classic seventies chase film is simply horrible. along with vanishing point, gone in 60 seconds represent the quintessential car chase films. the remake takes the original and stands it on its head. whereas halicki gave us 75% car chase and 25% supporting drama, in giss 2000 we get 25% car chase and 75% supporting drama. cage as super man, saves his brother, kisses the girl. mtv edits, tits and ass. save your money, rent the original. at least halicki didn't live to see his baby (he wrote, produced, directed, and starred in the '74' film) degraded in this manner.

i watched this because i thought there were going to be a lot of car chases and cool cars to gawk at. guess i was lied to. this movie is very boring.the movie starts out kip raines(giovanni ribisi) sitting outside a porsche dealership checking to see if they have the right car. when they confirm it's the right one, kip gets a brick out of the trunk and chucks it at the window, shattering it. he gets the porsche while his friend gets the keys. they start up the car and take off into the night. they deliver it to a warehouse only to have been followed by the police. so, the whole crew ditches all the cars and go their separate ways. then, we get a glimpse of memphis raines. he is giving a little speech to a bunch of kids at a go-kart track. then, he is confronted by atlee jackson(will patton). atlee tells memphis that his brother kip is in deep *bleep*. memphis is known as one of the most notorious car thieves in los angeles. memphis heads to a junkyard and meets raymond calitri(christopher ecclesten). this guy threatens to kill kip if memphis doesn't deliver 50 cars within 72 hours.there are a few problems with this film: 1.story: the first 48 in-movie hours take place when cage and duvall are looking for a crew and planning everything out. the last 12 in-movie hours are a waste! 2. the cars: you see maybe 10 cars out of the 50 as the movie advertises. so, where are the other 40 cars? why don't we get to see them? 3. the chase: the chase at the end of the movie was a joke. it was not suspenseful at all.4. the dog: somewhere in the movie, the dog eats the burgers and swallows three keys as well. this is impossible. the keys were flipped open. the keys would have severely damaged the dog's esophagus, stomach, and large intestines. the guys suggest giving the dog laxatives to help him poop it out. this won't work. the dog will get a lot of diarrhea but no keys. it was stated in jackass after ryan dunne stuck a toy car up his rectum. take laxatives, lots of diarrhea, but no car. same case with the dog.5. the cop during the chase: when eleanor breaks down for a few minutes, nicholas cage tries desperately to start up the car. you see a police cruiser behind him who isn't looking at his car at all. but, right when nicholas cage starts the engine up again, the police officer jerks his head to the right, sees the car, and immediately begins to chase after him. it is stupid. so, right when he heard the engine start, and saw the car, he knew that was the car he was looking for. how does he know it's the right car? he only sees the back of it.overall, the movie is boring. there is no action. there are very few cars. the movie is stupid. i have never seen the original but i plan to.i give this movie 1 star out of 10. get the fast and furious instead.

i am a big fan of arnold vosloo. finally seeing him as the star of a recent movie, not just a bit part, made me happy.unfortunately i took film appreciation in college and the only thing i can say that i didn't like was that the film was made in an abandoned part of town and there was no background traffic or lookie loos.i have to say that the acting leaves something to be desired, but arnold is an excellent actor, i have to chalk it up to lousy direction and the supporting cast leaves something to be desired.i love arnold vosloo, and he made the film viewable. otherwise, i would have written it off as another lousy film.i found the rape scene brutal and unnecessary, but the actors that got away at the end were pretty good. but the sound effects of the shoot-out were pretty bad. there are some glitches in the film (continuity) but they are overlookable considering the low-caliber of the film.all in all i enjoyed the film, because arnold vosloo was in it.jackie

i always felt that a good film should have a plot. this particular film was missing one, and i feel that it would have been more effective with a plot. this was made even worse by the fact that it seemed to go on forever; i was anxious for it to finally end. however, i just noticed that it was only 123 minutes long; it felt like four hours. not only was there no plot but the film also lacked a notable conflict. it's not the worst movie i've seen, but i used to say that it was until i saw "the fast and the furious". so, don't think this review of mine is from someone who needs nothing but action. i actually hate most action films out today; it's just that this film is all the way on the other side of the spectrum. not much really happens in this movie. however, the scenery and costumes were nice.

randall "memphis" raines is a retired master car thief who is forced back into the "game" when his younger brother faces death for not filling an order for british crime boss raymond calitri. the job involves "lifting" 50 cars in 24 hours or calitri will enact his punishment. so raines quickly assembles a crew he can trust and sets about the task to hand. but the police are on to him and some of the cars on the list are not easy takes. it would seem a near impossible job to complete.it's got quite a cast has gone in 60 seconds, nicolas cage, angelina jolie, robert duvall, will patton, delroy lindo, vinnie jones, giovanni ribisi, christopher ecclestone, scott caan & timothy olyphant. all of whom deserve better. enough acting horsepower there to propel a porsche 998 turbo. trouble is, is that this is very much a case of too many cars overstocking the car park, mucho characters, not enough zest. from the off we are in no doubt that this is a bruckheimer/simpson production, bonkers script laced with loud noises and lashings of cheese, scattergun editing, and directed with sledgehammer subtly by dominic sena. it's essentially a big budget remake of h.b. halicki's 1974 indie movie of the same name, with the premise offering up the potential for an adrenalin fuelled car based movie. potential that sadly is never realised. there's one or two high impact moments, daft for sure, but enjoyable none the less. but if you pardon the pun, the film never gets out of first gear, it's more content to labour with its ream of characters who mope about trying to make the boorish screenplay {scott rosenberg} work.car fans will get something from it {the cars are ace on the eye}, as will fans of unintentional comedy movies {check out ecclestone's carpenter grief moment}. but no, it's really rather poor all told. 4/10

this review may contain some spoilers.the remake of the classic 1974 car chase movie gone in 60 seconds begins well. actually it is well acted and the plot moves quite well. but even a big hollywood budget doesn't change the fact that the original plot was more believable. for those who don't know, the original plot had the thieves working as insurance inspectors. who would suspect them. but even with a change to nearly every aspect of h.b. halicki's original, the remake is a very good movie, until we get to the final chase scene, the part of the 74 version that made it great. the one in this version is watered down, only 10 minutes, and it culminates in a monster special effect that takes all believability out of the chase. where the original chase was very believable, the star was a stunt driver who did all his own stunt, the remake falls flat in the last 15 minutes. my advice, if you want to watch a classic car chase film, fine the original in the bargain bin at your local rental joint and stay clear of the new remake.

warning: review contains slight spoilersthere's a parallel universe out there where gone in 60 seconds is a dark, edgy, controversial independent movie. unfortunately in this dimension gone... is a flashy, vacuous, testosterone-fuelled moronfest starring nicolas cage.for reasons not really worth getting into, he and his large number of cronies have four days to steal fifty expensive cars, only one of which has an alarm. this crew consists of the guy with the funny-shaped ears who's rumoured to be the new superman; a guy who conducted electricity in the x-files; an ex-professional footballer and two token black men.their enemies are cops, rival car thieves and bilborough from cracker, his manchester accent suitably flattened and broadened for american audiences who are now used to that sort of thing since daphne in frasier. there's also angelina jolie, who gets no character; save to be a receptacle to men's sexual desires. she and cage are supposed to be old flames, which is odd, as they never have anything approaching a normal conversation in all of the film's overlong 135m running time.in fact, characterisation is so poor that whenever anyone has a "moment" a violin plays in the background to accentuate the "emotion". it's no spoiler to reveal that vinnie jones (who recreates his famous paul gasgoine "hand ball" manoeuvre and is quite menacing when silent) only gets one line; not because his inability to speak is integral to the plot but because his eloquent summing up of the film's dubious morality after appearing mute the whole way through is funny. allegedly. after he struggles through it in his "not-quite-acting-but-it'll-do" london drawl, cage quips "i always thought you were from long island". my ribs, as you might imagine, were well and truly tickled.in fact humour is the most undeveloped aspect, from the tactless comedy policeman to the two token black characters. this sees the biggest aspect of hollywood take hold; why is it that a black man cannot appear in a major motion picture without being constantly aware of his skin tone and endlessly refer to it? the younger man, who, like the elder, jive-talks for the whole duration, proclaims: "us black people don't like the cold ... we're tropical people". he then goes on to express an urge to smoke a joint and watch roots. he is, of course, parodying the image of black people, but how funny is that? his older counterpart cannot speak without referring to himself, and thereby his colour, in third person. "my black ass" this, "my black ass" that. does anyone know any black people who actually speak like that? thought not.the film's soundtrack is played almost non-stop and with increasing volume, some of the tracks - especially apollo 440's "don't stop the rock" - so loud they're actually more audible than the sound effects and dialogue. the surroundsound system even separates the two to such a degree that it makes them sound like two different films running together. no background music concept here, it's the aural equivalent of trying to watch a film while someone at the back of the cinema has their stereo turned up full blast. "keep that music down, young man!"this isn't the worst film in the world and in many ways i enjoyed it. it's just that it's predictable, lazy and witless, with minimal effort in its construction. apparently box office expectations are considerably down for this movie. after being force-fed junk for several years it appears the general public are starting to wake up to the fact.

this movie should be shown to film school students as an example of what not to do. the original kicked some major tire squealing butt, this horrible disaster breaks the cardinal rule of bruckheimer films, which is: we all know they suck, but they have great action. this film has no action. this film is boring. where are the cars? where are the chases? where's the tension? where's the suspense? where's the rush? where!!?? this isn't really a movie at all, it's a bad commercial. 50 cars in 24 hours? that is wrong. they have 3 days to steal them, the ad is wrong. how bad is that? the leads acting is stiff, wooden and forced. the villain, the cop, the others...who cares. they utter their pointless lines, they serve the illogical plot. they slog through it the best they can as the music video director says "don't worry we'll make a lot of fast cuts and no one will notice how bad the film is" or "we'll fix it with lots of loud music" the "script" isn't really a script at all, it's more like a list of cliches with an ending that is a total ripoff of: -------warning - possible spoiler------ 5------4-----3-----2-----1------ the fugitive. the biggest crime of all is the underuse of vinnie jones, man....this is the baddest, coolest mofo since jules in pulp fiction. and what do they do!? they make him a mute who's hardly in the film! make vinnie the main villain and he could have saved the film. how could they have been so dumb? how? how? why? the original film is very entertaining with a cool trick at the end that gets the driver away. the original has a great 40 minute chase that delivers! go find the original. or if you're craving some real car chase action go rent ronin. the chases in ronin raised the bar by which all other car chases will now be judged. bruckheimer and cage had all that money, all those resources, all that experience, and they can't even come close to matching a film made 25 years ago for $250,000? how can that be? you feel like you got ripped off after seeing this movie. where i was once excited to see coyote ugly, remember the titans and pearl harbor, now i say: god help us all. 

===minor spoilers=== i am, like many others, a huge jerry bruckheimer fan. so when i saw all the beautiful posters hanging out front, and the trailer coming by before mi:2, expectations were rising. a jerry bruckheimer production. big cars. nic cage and fresh from an oscar- angelina jolie. what can possibly go wrong? a lot. the script is neither funny (which it tries really hard to be) nor exciting. you put in a black person who is constantly making racist jokes about himself and wooh-haa!! you've got comedy? i don't think so. excitement is totally out of the picture. first of all (and this is probably said many times) there are no sympathetic characters so who cares who gets killed? if you can stomach the premise that a psycho is gonna kill nic's brother unless he steals 50 cars in 4 days, next thing you know is that kip (the brother) is walking with nic in the streets again. is this excitement? think not. then comes the best bit- the romance between nic and angelina. she actually looks bored having to utter all these stupid lines to nic. 'do you have a girlfriend?' 'are you seeing anybody?' 'what went wrong?' etc.then there's only one sparkle of hope left: the car chases. they're disappointing to say the least, because the trailer made it look like it was full of them, and there's only one. a very long one, caught in irritatingly hectic camera movement. i really had trouble following the action.so is it an action movie? a thriller? a romantic comedy? - there's no need to decide, just avoid this horrible mess. i'll give 3 out of 10 stars, and i feel like i'm being generous.

i am one of the biggest fans of silent comedians and have probably reviewed more buster keaton films for imdb than any other person. every film he made from the beginning of his career to the early 30s with only two exceptions have i reviewed, so you can tell i am a major fan. it's because of this that i found this episode so painful and hard to watch. i loved this man's films and kept thinking "buster, how could you?!". well, now that i think about it, i guess i can see why buster keaton starred in this god-awful episode of the twilight zone. he'd lost much of his fortune after a messy divorce in the early 1930s and his film career as a leading man was long passed as well. now, in the 1960s, keaton needed the money and loved his resurgence in popularity so he whored himself out to anyone willing to pay--appearing in beach films and this mess of an episode of a great series.the biggest problem with the episode is that it is just terribly written and buster deserved much better. the show is supposed to be funny but isn't and instead of a homage to silent films is just painful to watch--particularly with keaton putting that stupid time travel helmet on as well as all the poorly executed slapstick. do yourself a favor, skip this one--it's a pale imitation of the greatness that once was keaton's career!!!

... to not live in montana and especially not to live there at the end of the 19th century."a river runs through it" certainly is a well made movie from a cineastic stand-point. great landscapes, redford acting well.unfortunately, the story is bad (if there is a story at all).i felt sorry for the narrator / author, who is as dry, narrow-minded a character as his father, a preacher. being driven, not driving his own life, he is left to watch his brother, who is also caged in the small town environment, losing his life. the author never even comes close to undestand his brother's motivations, but at least realizes, that he is lacking the slightest amount of homour / fun. all there is, is fly-fishing, where he follows even as an old man the style of his father.the end is not surprising, it is forseeable from the very beginning.definitely not a must-see (3 / 10)

the only good part about this film is the beautiful scenery. this movie was long and boring. the minister should have retired from the pulpit the time his son paul strayed from the teachings he proclaimed. how many times can his boys take the lord's name in vain in this film being from a presbyterian background? it doesn't fit. i wished paul was swept down the river without a boat at the very beginning to spare us the silly, smirkish, selfish story of paul (brad pitt). so norm becomes a teacher and paul becomes a compulsive gambler who norm wants to rescue but doesn't-so what. it's very uninteresting. we see the prejudiced whites being stood up to by paul because of his native american girl. that was the only part that had some interest and maybe could have been developed into a real 'wild western'. what we only see is a sleepy town where the two minister's sons have nothing to do but 1. norm chase a lame girlfriend and deal with her family and 2.paul make up dumb stories at the newspaper shop while scratching his head and take a lot of swigs and tie a lot of flies. i'd rather watch a show about fishing that that film again-which will be never.

some have praised -atlantis:-the lost empire- as a disney adventure for adults. i don't think so--at least not for thinking adults.this script suggests a beginning as a live-action movie, that struck someone as the type of crap you cannot sell to adults anymore. the "crack staff" of many older adventure movies has been done well before, (think the dirty dozen) but -atlantis- represents one of the worse films in that motif. the characters are weak. even the background that each member trots out seems stock and awkward at best. an md/medicine man, a tomboy mechanic whose father always wanted sons, if we have not at least seen these before, we have seen mix-and-match quirks before. the story about how one companion, vinny played by don novello (fr. guido sarducci), went from flower stores to demolitions totally unconvincing.only the main character, milo thatch, a young atlantis-obsessed academic voiced by michael j. fox, has any depth to him. milo's search for atlantis continues that of his grandfather who raised him. the opening scene shows a much younger milo giddily perched on a knee, as his grandfather places his pith helmet on his head.and while the characters were thin at best, the best part about -atlantis- was the voice talent. commander rourke loses nothing being voiced by james garner. although rourke is a pretty stock military type, garner shows his ability to breath life into characters simply by his delivery. garner's vocal performance is the high point. i'm sorry to say leonard nimoy's dying king is nothing more than obligatory. additionally, don novello as the demolition expert, vinny santorini, was also notable for one or two well-done, funny lines--but i've always liked father guido sarducci, anyway.also well done was the computer animation. the background animation, that is. the character animation does nothing if not make already flat characters appear even flatter. aside from landscapes, buildings and vehicles there isn't much to impress.the plot was the worst. some say hackneyed or trite. i'm not so sure about that. any serviceable plot can be made into something new with the proper treatment. shakespeare often started from a known story and plot and was famous only for putting on a new coat of paint. so the treatment is the thing. and -atlantis- obviously lacks that.i cannot begin to go into all the logic gaps without a spoiler section. the plot was bad. the plot's bridges snap like twine and the ending does not make sense. to add to that, the script and the animation is peppered with annoying sloppiness.** spoilers **right at the beginning when milo reveals that runic or celtic symbols have been wrongly transliterated and the "coast of ireland" should read the "coast of iceland", we begin to have problems. the writers of the script would need to know the british take for eire or eireann as "ireland", and completely ignore the older, latin term hibernia. but more than this, they need to know of the vikings conspiracy to call the greener island iceland and the icier island greenland.by making it the matter of a mis-tranliterated "letter", the writers have doomed themselves to requiring a runic version of english and a post-roman date on the script. since this is long after atlantis was supposed to have sunk into its undersea cave. and without visible clues and less technology than milo had, made the inscription far less trustworthy.the shepherd's journal could not be written before the sinking of atlantis, or it would know nothing about the cave or the crystal lying "in the king's eye". it must have been written after the sinking, but without even the technology that milo's expedition had, how the heck did anybody get by the leviathan. so how could it know more about anything after that? and why would it be written in atlantian?automatic writing and clairvoyance or astral travel can explain these things. however clairvoyance and astral travel do not require to write in atlantian. so it's got to be some sort automatic writing. since no-one left in atlantis can read, it must be the spirits of the crystal beaming messages to the surface. this would have made more sense. but could also have been explained within the movie: milo could shepherd have discovered that this power had been calling him all his life--appeared in dreams, etc. this needed to be explored in the movie.the atlantians should simply not be able to comprehend modern languages. no-one expects that the original indo-europeans would be able to converse in europe, anymore than romans would understand that hard "c"s or their day became french "ch"s (pronounced like "sh"s, no less!)current atlantians were alive before the cataclysm--when apparently they *could* read, yet now are unable to read what they used to, or operate similar machinery.the mass illiteracy points out a crucial flaw in the movie. nothing seems to have happened to this culture. it seems suspended in air until milo can rescue it. even though it appears that life is not a constant struggle for survival, no-one wants to compose poetry or write novels and perhaps it is a combination of atlantian school systems going downhill toward the end and lack of good fiction that caused atlantis to fall into illiteracy.kida can be excused for not knowing how to read or operate the machinery if she was so young when the cataclysm of stupidity set in--but any of it **hardly** qualifies her father for deification!! kashakim's foolishness almost single-handedly wiped his people from existence. killed a bunch in the cataclysm, stalled progress (not a lot killed here, but he oversaw a massive slide in culture and progress) until someone could take the crystal to kill everybody, if they weren't boiled in lava first because the giant robots weren't there to protect them.a bolt of blue electricity should have shattered kashakim's likeness, when kida tried joining her father's image to the circle of great kings of atlantis!even though milo was the only one who could read atlantian, rourke and others knew enough to look through a book of gibberish and find a page on a crystal--which he knew to be a crystal and not some stylized astrological or "phases of the sun" diagram.if milo's grandfather had told rourke about it, it still does not explain how rourke would have suffered from milo's reading it as part of the book. ripping out the page--which was dog-eared in rourke's hand, even though milo found no sign of a torn page in the book apparently--only was there to tip off the viewer that "something was not quite right". unless the word "crystal" would have set alarms off in milo's head that somebody would try to steal it, milo would have suspected nothing. it's just thick-headed foreshadowing.the crew's "double-cross" was not a character change. we learned that vinny, sweet, audrey and cookie had been going along with rourke from the beginning. however, the "change of heart" falls flat. it was a change, and needed to be better motivated. hard to do with characters who weren't given anything to begin with.niggling little bit that the lava flows up over the dome, instead of filling in the rest of the area that we view the sequence from. it's liquid; it will not flow over the protective dome until it fills up all lower areas.the ending stinks!-- and makes no sense other than to appease political correctness. with it's powersource restored, atlantis is no longer a weak power, needing coddling. the giant robot guardians and the sky-cycles shooting blue lightning suggest that they have less to fear from us than they might. the technology is superior to ours, and definitely to early 20th-century. in the end milo needs to teach the atlantians to read, for what? the whole idea is to leave their little quiet, chastened culture alone, not to send it into hyperdrive.** end spoilers **perhaps, the lost world plot and the turn-of-the-century setting should give me a hint that this is more an homage to pulps. the failures i find with the film agree with this idea. but i am at a loss why i should pay to see thin characters and plot holes simply because many dime novels had them as well. and pulp stories is part of the "crap they can't sell adults anymore", anyway. we have become a bit more sophisticated and our pulp needs to grow up as well. raiders of the lost ark lost none of its pulp feel and avoided so much badness.4 out of 10--the movie is enjoyable but as i think about the plot, it seeps ever lower.

the story by norman maclean is a masterwork; redford's film is a mediocrity. he adds banal scenes of the maclean brothers going over a falls and of them double-dating in a seedy bar that were not even hinted at in the story. the cipher, brad pitt, trying to play the charismatic paul maclean, a genius outdoors, proves either risible or depressing, depending on what the original story meant to you. some of the fly casting scenes are beautiful. also, tom skerritt as the father and craig sheffer as norman are strong and masculine, as men were once expected to be. none of the women make an impression in the film, which is regrettable, because maclean loved the women in his story and made this clear, even poetic.

some have praised _atlantis:_the_lost_empire_ as a disney adventure for adults. i don't think so--at least not for thinking adults.this script suggests a beginning as a live-action movie, that struck someone as the type of crap you cannot sell to adults anymore. the "crack staff" of many older adventure movies has been done well before, (think _the dirty dozen_) but _atlantis_ represents one of the worse films in that motif. the characters are weak. even the background that each member trots out seems stock and awkward at best. an md/medicine man, a tomboy mechanic whose father always wanted sons, if we have not at least seen these before, we have seen mix-and-match quirks before. the story about how one companion, vinny played by don novello (fr. guido sarducci), went from flower stores to demolitions totally unconvincing.only the main character, milo thatch, a young atlantis-obsessed academic voiced by michael j. fox, has any depth to him. milo's search for atlantis continues that of his grandfather who raised him. the opening scene shows a much younger milo giddily perched on a knee, as his grandfather places his pith helmet on his head.and while the characters were thin at best, the best part about _atlantis_ was the voice talent. perhaps milo's depth is no thicker than fox's charm. commander rourke loses nothing being voiced by james garner. although rourke is a pretty stock military type, garner shows his ability to breath life into characters simply by his delivery. garner's vocal performance is the high point. i'm sorry to say leonard nimoy's dying king is nothing more than obligatory. additionally, don novello as the demolition expert, vinny santorini, was also notable for one or two well-done, funny lines--but i've always liked father guido sarducci, anyway. also well done was the computer animation. the background animation, that is. the character animation has not been this bad for disney since the minimalism that drove don bluth out the door. the character animation does nothing if not make already flat characters appear even flatter. aside from landscapes, buildings and vehicles there isn't much to impress.the plot was the worst. some say hackneyed or trite. i'm not so sure about that. any serviceable plot can be made into something new with the proper treatment. shakespeare often started from a known story and plot and was famous only for putting on a new coat of paint. so the treatment is the thing. and _atlantis_ obviously lacks that.i cannot begin to go into all the logic gaps without a spoiler section. the plot was bad. the plot's bridges snap like twine and the ending does not make sense. to add to that, the script and the animation is peppered with annoying sloppiness.** spoilers **1. right at the beginning when milo reveals that runic or celtic symbols have been wrongly transliterated and the "coast of ireland" should read the "coast of iceland", we begin to have problems. the writers of the script would need to know the british take for eire or eireann as "ireland", and completely ignore the older, latin term hibernia. but more than this, they need to know of the vikings conspiracy to call the greener island iceland and the icier island greenland. by making it the matter of a mis-tranliterated "letter", the writers have doomed themselves to requiring a runic version of english and a post-roman date on the script. since this is long after atlantis was supposed to have sunk into its undersea cave. and without visible clues and less technology than milo had, made the inscription far less trustworthy.2. the shepard's journal could not be written before the sinking of atlantis, or it would know nothing about the cave or the crystal lying "in the king's eye". it must have been written after the sinking, but without even the technology that milo's expedition had, how the heck did anybody get by the leviathan. so how could it know more about anything after that? and why would it be written in atlantian? automatic writing and clairvoyance or astral travel can explain these things. however clairvoyance and astral travel do not require the shepard to write in atlantian. so it's got to be some sort automatic writing. since noone left in atlantis can read, it must be the spirits of the crystal beaming messages to the surface. this would have made more sense. but could also have been explained within the movie: milo could have discovered that this power had been calling him all his life--appeared in dreams, etc. this needed to be explored in the movie.3. the atlantians should simply not be able to comprehend modern languages. no-one expects that the original indo-europeans would be able to converse in europe, anymore than romans would understand that hard "c"s or their day became french "ch"s (pronounced like "sh"s, no less!)4. current atlantians were alive before the cataclysm--when apparently they *could* read, yet now are unable to read what they used to, or operate similar machinery. 5. the mass illiteracy points out a crucial flaw in the movie. nothing seems to have happened to this culture. it seems suspended in air until milo can rescue it. even though it appears that life is not a constant struggle for survival, no-one wants to compose poetry or write novels and perhaps it is a combination of atlantian school systems going downhill toward the end and lack of good fiction that caused atlantis to fall into illiteracy.5. kida can be excused for not knowing how to read or operate the machinery if she was so young when the cataclysm of stupidity set in--but any of it **hardly** qualifies her father for deification!! kashakim's foolishness almost single-handedly wiped his people from existence. killed a bunch in the cataclysm, stalled progress (not a lot killed here, but he oversaw a massive slide in culture and progress) until someone could take the crystal to kill everybody, if they weren't boiled in lava first because the giant robots weren't there to protect them. a bolt of blue electricity should have shattered kashakim's likeness, when kida tried joining her father's image to the circle of great kings of atlantis! 6. even though milo was the only one who could read atlantian, rourke and others knew enough to look through a book of gibberish and find a page on a crystal--which he knew to be a crystal and not some stylized astrological or "phases of the sun" diagram.7. if milo's grandfather had told rourke about it, it still does not explain what how rourke would have suffered from milo's reading it as part of the book. ripping out the page--which was dog-eared in rourke's hand, even though milo found no sign of a torn page in the book apparently--only was there to tip off the viewer that "something was not quite right". unless the word "crystal" would have set alarms off in milo's head that somebody would try to steal it, milo would have suspected nothing. it's just thick-headed foreshadowing.8. the crew's "double-cross" was not a character change. we learned that vinny, sweet, audrey and cookie had been going along with rourke from the beginning. however, the "change of heart" falls flat. it was a change, and needed to be better motivated. hard to do with characters who weren't given anything to begin with.9. niggling little bit that the lava flows up over the dome, instead of filling in the rest of the area that we view the sequence from. it's liquid; it will not flow over the protective dome until it fills up all lower areas.10. the ending stinks!-- and makes no sense other than to appease political correctness. with it's powersource restored, atlantis is no longer a weak power, needing coddling. the giant robot guardians and the sky-cycles shooting blue lightning suggest that they have less to fear from us than they might. the technology is superior to ours, and definitely to early 20th-century. in the end milo needs to teach the atlantians to read, for what? the whole idea is to leave their little quiet, chastened culture alone, not to send it into hyperdrive. ** end spoilers **perhaps, the lost world plot and the turn-of-the-century setting should give me a hint that this is more an homage to pulps. the failures i find with the film agree with this idea. but i am at a loss why i should pay to see thin characters and plot holes simply because many dime novels had them as well. and pulp stories is part of the "crap they can't sell adults anymore", anyway. we have become a bit more sophisticated and our pulp needs to grow up as well. raiders of the lost ark lost none of its pulp feel and avoided so much badness.4 out of 10--the movie is enjoyable but as i think about the plot, it seeps ever lower.

i went to see this one with much expectation. quite unfortunately the dialogue is utterly stupid and overall the movie is far from inspiring awe or interest. even a child can see the missing logic to character's behaviors. today's kids need creative stories which would inspire them, which would make them 'daydream' about the events. that's precisely what happened with movies like e.t. and star wars a decade ago. (how many kids imagined about becoming jedi knights and igniting their own lightsabers?) seriously don't waste your time & money on this one.

if the makers of atlantis had something to say in this film, its theme was (literally) drowned out by the emphasis on "special effects" over characterization. almost as if in an attempt to "keep up" with the rest of the summer action blockbusters, disney has ditched the character-driven, movie-with-a-message approach in favor of a star wars "shoot-'em-up" with stereotype heroes and villains.the art is cartoony and the producers think that they can rely on computer generated images (cgi) of flying fish-craft and submarines to fill the gap. they are wrong, and the days of beautiful, handcrafted animation is fast flying out the window in favor of assembly-line cgi.this movie is all spectacle with no heart. at times the film comes close to being a good, worthwhile movie, but frustratingly misses the mark so many times by copping out of talking about something meaningful and instead choosing to go with the glitz.another problem with the movie is the pacing. it starts confusingly and then begins to rocket along with a choppy story editing style that is not appreciated. the viewer is rushed out of the door along with milo thatch (voiced well by michael j. fox) and is left thinking "gee there must be an awful lot of stuff that's going to happen once we get to atlantis". unfortunately, not much happens. the secret of atlantis remains a secret with the story-tellers not really knowing how to explain the legendary island/continent. they are afraid to commit to saying where atlantis is, even in a fictional story. is it in the atlantic? is it in the mediterranean sea? who knows? nothing is hypothesized, even from a purely fantasy-based point of view. the viewer will leave the theatre asking themselves "now what was that all about? what was the point of the movie? why couldn't the surviving atlantean's remember how to read when many of them lived through the disaster to the "present" day? and why did atlantis sink?" and then promptly begin to forget about what they saw. there is nothing left to think about or mill over... except the loss of money in their wallets.the characters and their motivations are equally unfathomable. from the eccentric zillionaire who founds the expedition with seemingly more money that existed on the entire planet in 1914, to the (spoiler) collective consciousness that enters kida and voluntarily deserts its people!?! the crew are a collection of quirky, 2-dimensional people of anachronistically (for 1914) p.c. race and gender. the demolitions expert talks like he came right out of a warner brothers' bugs bunny short. most of the jokes are gross one-liners that are largely missed by the audience for two reasons: they are delivered at lightning-speed pacing and usually mumbled. the way these supporting players do a moral turn-around near the end of the movie is hard to believe.while we applaud disney for trying to create animated movies for adults - and this is the first disney not to have cute, talking animals or objects - it fails to make the transition. younger children will be frightened by some of the action scenes and be left in the dark by the large amount of subtitles (when the characters speak atlantean). in the first five minutes of the expedition, approximately 200 people are killed without a second thought. obviously disney thinks that if you didn't know who those people were, then why should you care? again, the movie has no feelings on any level.mulan and tarzan were the last animated movies produced by disney that were done extremely well. sadly, atlantis harkens back to those failed attempts in the past such as the black cauldron and hunchback of notre dame. disney needs to get back to their roots. a sequel to peter pan is coming out shortly but one never knows what the results will be until you see it for yourself. and now that disney has discovered science fiction one hopes that they will realize that that genre must have more than spectacle to it. we also hope that the upcoming "treasure planet", a sci-fi adaptation of robert l. stevenson's "treasure island", will have more heart to it than the unfathomable "atlantis: the lost empire".

final score (an average of various classic cinematic qualities- acting, visuals, creativity, payoff, humor, fun, ect):4.3 (out of 10)had "atlantis: the lost empire" come out a few years ago it would have seemed like a bold, serious new direction in disney animation. however, it comes just a year after the innovative and nearly genius "the emperor's new groove" and marks a step back in freeing disney from it's repetative "disney formula". i'm a big fan of the feature length disney animated films. have to see them all love it or hate it. "atlantis" is an animated throwback to "20,000 leagues under the sea" and similar live-action sci-fi adventures of the 50s and 60s. problem is that this version hardly contains one original idea. it feels like a remake of something, even more so than actual disney remakes(tarzan, the hunchback of notre dame). the characters are little more than a walking cliches of the usual suspects that typically populate these type of films (the oddball mechanic, the gung ho general, the sassy tough women). beyond milo thatch (fox) and rourke (garner) the supporting cast is flat-out obnoxious. the movie also suffers from it's succinct pace. instead of fleshing it out into an epic story, disney jams a lot in the usually brief running time brushing over opportunities to develop...suspence, characters, anything really. they thow us into this new and wonderous world and barely let us get our barings. the awkward pace sometimes makes confusing what is a relatively simple story. the animation is dark and dreary and cheap. this thing looks like a slapped together saturday morning cartoon. let's hope they haven't forgotten that 2d traditional animation can still be wonderous. "the iron giant" among others proved that.negatives: the visuals, pace, and sheer lack of originality.positives: quite possibly the coolest death scene for a disney villain in a long time. it's the creative highlight of the movie.

follows the usual formula in putting a new recruit -- this time the first african-american (cuba gooding) after president truman desegregates the armed forces -- through the u. s. navy's deep-sea diver training program that is run by a racist zealot (robert deniro). if the program weren't bad enough, it's got to be located in bayonne, new jersey.there's nothing wrong with the performances. robert de niro activates his southern accent and shouts gibberish effectively. cuba gooding, raised by a stern father as a poor black farm boy in the south, is the expectable paragon of rectitude. the girls -- one could hardly call them women -- are charleze theron and lonette mckee. they have minor roles and are mostly there to argue that their men should exercise common sense. other decent performers -- powers boothe and hal holbrook -- have even more perfunctory roles.that's about it. almost everything else could have been assembled by a computer. a ship is called a boat. robert de niro salutes indoors, uncovered. after a brutal assault on hospital personnel, he's transferred out of his outfit instead of being busted. somebody shouts "i'm outta here" in the early 1950s. (maybe it was a common expression at the time. if so, "my bad.") people address each other by rank -- "lieutenant", "boatswain's mate," "commander," as they do in the army, whereas in the navy they are simple "mister" (if an officer) or addressed by their last name (if enlisted). i didn't bother to check if there was a rank called "senior master chief" in 1950.cuba gooding has a tough row to hoe. everyone in the navy, it seems, hates negroes except for one guy from wisconsin. he stutters and is held in contempt by the others in his class. it's like the scene in "animal house", in which the applicant to a tony fraternity is asked to wait in a room with a sikh, a black man, and a blind kid.gooding is an enlisted man, a second class petty officer. he manages to marry a beautiful woman who has just graduated from medical school. in one of their arguments she pleads with him. she just wants to be a doctor and he should join her, quit the navy, and lead a quiet life. "and just let life pass you by?", he retorts. yes. yes, just be a doctor's spouse and let life pass you by. you can wave to it from the golf course in boca raton.these kinds of flicks were common enough in world war ii. "bombardier," "airial gunner," that sort of thing. cheap as they often were, they had some educational features. you learned something about becoming a bombardier or a gunner. here, the technical details are skipped over, perhaps because the writer knew nothing about them (except boyle's law, which we learned in high-school chemistry).i couldn't follow what was happening during some of the emergencies without which a movie like this wouldn't exist. if i got the mechanical problems right, it was because i guessed correctly. the direction is no help either. the movie abounds in close ups, so many that they lose any dramatic impact they might have had. and the emergencies are confusing because they're ill focused.why go on? want to see a better example of this kind of movie? almost any will do -- except maybe "g. i. jane", in which the abused hero is a heroin. try the training camp scenes in "the young lions." there the victim is a jew. or try "from here to eternity," in which no easy sympathy buttons are pushed and the victim is a grown man who refuses to bend and who is active in bringing the conflict on, just like "cool hand luke." no easy excuses are offered, because easy excuses are too easy.thoroughly formulaic, and not well done.

chinese ghost story iii is a totally superfluous sequel to two excellent fantasy films. the film delivers the spell-casting special effects that one can expect, but fails painfully on all other fronts. the actors all play extremely silly caricatures. you have to be still in diapers to find their slapstick humor even remotely funny. the plot is predictable, and the development is sometimes erratic and often slow. towards the end, the movie begins to resemble old godzilla films, including shabby larger-than-life special effects and a (well, yet another) ghost with a godzilla head. maybe i would have grinned if i was expecting camp.it is astonishing to see what trash fantasy fans have to put up with - in this case because somebody thought they could squeeze a little extra money out of a successful formula. they won't be able to do it again: the cash cow is now dead as a dodo.

spoiler warning.when the main character's sister is pushed down the stairs, the killer breaks a glass of vodka next to her, to make it appear that she's been drinking. but right before she is killed, tells her sister's business partner (teri garr) on the phone that she hasn't had a drink in 4 days. yet the police never mention the results of a toxicology report! and, the characters talk about her being drunk when she fell down the stairs. huh? really bad mistake in this movie, which is pretty awful, overall. surprisingly bad, considering the great cast. some faults: the writing isn't very good, the music is made-for-tv bad, and there is no tension at all because we already know the answer to the mystery from the first scene in the movie.

the first half hour or so of this movie i liked. the obvious budding romance between ingrid bergman and mel ferrer was cute to watch and i wanted to see the inevitable happen between them. however, once the action switched to the home of ingrid's fiancé, it all completely fell apart. instead of romance and charm, we see some excruciatingly dopey parallel characters emerge who ruin the film. the fiancé's boorish son and the military attaché's vying for the maid's attention looked stupid--sort of like a subplot from an old love boat episode. how the charm and elegance of the first portion of the film can give way to dopiness is beyond me. this film is an obvious attempt by renoir to recapture the success he had with the rules of the game, as the movie is very similar once the action switches to the country estate (just as in the other film). i was not a huge fan of the rules of the game, but elena and her men had me appreciating the artistry and nuances of the original film.

where to begin? #1 amitabh's son, played by akshaye khanna, is 30.amitabh's been in prison for 33+ years... hea) telepathically transmitted the sperm home?b) asked a nice pakistani guard to mail it for him?c) they allow conjugal visits in secret pakistani jailsd) all of the abovee) the producers were having a little too much bhang atthe time they approved the script?#2) amrita rao (yummm!) wants khanna - he's yum, yum, yummy... and apparently he wants her - who wouldn't, right?!... but, when her dad gets ratted out, and then killed (i hardly think this is a 'spoiler' as you'd have to be brain-dead and blind not to see this coming in the film) he's pretty emotionless towards this catastrophe and with the tip (metaphorically) of his hat, leaves her behind to save his dad, never mind her loss, and says (paraphrasing) "if god wills it, we'll meet again"... basically meaning, "i'm gonna get my dad and my job done, sorry for your loss - cya! buh bye!" - callus beyond even low-life hollywood standards...#3) there are so many holes in this horrible waste of time called a movie, that you can drive all the jeeps, trucks camels and any extra stuff through it. pass - really, complete and total waste of time - oh! there is a great dance sequence (yes, only one - as in dance sequence - regardless of quality) great belly dancing - but not worth watching just for this.rent veer-zaara or lakshya (will hrithik roshan ever take acting lessons?) for better indo-pak conflict movies... in fact, veer-zaara is pretty damned good - 7.5/8 i'd say!

come on! get over with the pakistan bashing guys. bollywood can not only make brilliant movies- but can seriously affect a generation of viewers.i am a huge bollywood fan- but anti-pakistan movies just make me wince too much to enjoy screenplay, cinematography, action sequences- everything.i'm really happy to see that viewers on both sides of the border are rejecting propaganda, and there are movies like main hoon na out there that have done brilliantly not only because they deserved to because of the quality of its bollywood masala- but also because it tries to say: give peace a chance and shows that there are crazies out there on both sides who do not represent the masses.

this film, the alamo:thirteen days to glory, is utter rubbish. the acting is awful, it is far too patriotic and its historical accuracy is not always at its best (historians would have a field day). it does have a few good moments but not enough to keep interest because it is far too long. rating * out of **********.

the writing of the journalists and the required over eager reckless press officer and sobbing grandma was ham-fisted and cliché ridden.i cant blame the actors, but surely someone must have said "are you joking i cant say this!"this episode had a press perspective and police perspective, while the police perspective was standard enough, the press perspective and characterization was overdrawn exaggerated and at points insultingly unbelievable.i notice that this was an hbo co production, if so then perhaps the sledgehammer stereotypes can be explained in that light,i was completely cringing during the press conference scene. it lacked any credibility and did not remotely ring true. 40 minutes into the first episode and i am still waiting for the suspense.skip five daysthis. the 2008/9 production with these characters is far better and more suspenseful even if the crime is over the top.this story had unforgivable moments which can only be described as staggeringly unbelievable.for a press officer to start a press conference without an investigating officer present to take press questions.so unbelievable it felt like amateur hour.i then began looking for journalists called "scoop" and for perry white to make an appearance.i saw the 2009 hunter before "five days"made it to australia, not realizing it was a prequel and was looking forward to bonneville and mcteer going around again.head shakingly awful.

i cannot believe that i wasted five hours of my life on this rubbish. the previous five day offering by this author was highly enjoyable and i was really looking forward to this. but most of the dialogue was completely incomprehensible. suranne jones was the principal culprit since she either mumbled or gabbled her lines, but most of the rest of the cast followed her example. notable exceptions were bernard hill and anne reid, old stagers whose diction was exemplary. do producers not listen to productions before they are aired to make sure the dialogue is audible? as a result i suppose i lost track of what was going on, and since the original plot line seemed to metamorphose into to the standard them-and-us thing between muslims and the rest i soon lost interest. the ending was a complete anti-climax. a complete dud.

if you don't mind having your emotions toyed with, then you won't mind this movie. on the other hand, if you enjoy british crime mysteries, following clues and seeing how they all logically fall into place at the end, you'll be very disappointed.here are some of the logical inconsistencies that lead to that disappointment: * while the police utilize the cctv cameras early on to gather clues about the mystery, the huge truck that stopped and blocked the children's view just before her disappearance doesn't get caught on camera. this is a critical piece of the mystery. it's inconsistent to have the car the children were in caught on camera and not the big truck that is so critical to the mystery.* the movie goes to great lengths to show the sophistication of the equipment in tracking down the children's movements but misses the opportunity to utilize the same sophisticated equipment is tracking down vehicles that may have entered the crime scene from camera-visible locations adjacent to the crime scene as part of developing clues.* in england, driving is on the left. the director goes out of his way to have the car at the crime scene park on the right, several meters away from the flower kiosk, when it could have easily parked immediately behind, or even on the side; as the huge truck did.* the police forensics team is so meticulous as to find a discarded cell phone in a sewer drain several miles from the scene of the crime, but can't find any blood evidence from the head injury right at the crime scene, even though they secured the scene just hours after the disappearance and with no intervening rainfall.* search dogs were not used at all to find the missing children; this from the country that is well known for developing the hound dog for search and hunting.* it is illogical that such a highly publicized news story would not turn up the presumably innocent truck driver that stopped at the flower kiosk.* it is illogical that the mother would go to such extremes and expend so much effort to leave carpet fiber clues under her fingernails for her eventual murder investigators –even coaxing her daughter to do the same-- while she simply could not have crawled out of the unguarded mobile home. if she had enough sense about her to ask her daughter to get carpet fibers under her nails, she could of just as easily asked her daughter to call out for help or even leave the mobile home that was in a crowded residential park.* the suspect that abducted the little girl was portrayed as mentally slow/dimwitted --justifying his unknowingly drowning of the mother— but, he was smart enough not to cooperate with the police and also fully exercise his rights not to self-incriminate.there are more inconsistencies like this that will lead to a true sleuth aficionado's disappointment. 'five days' is a very weak british crime story.

what a let down! this started with an intriguing mystery and interesting characters. admittedly it moved along at the speed of a snail, but i was nevertheless gripped and kept watching.david morrissey is always good value and he suranne jones were good leads. the muslim aspects were very interesting. we were tantalised with possible terrorist connections.but then morrissey's character was killed off and all the air left the balloon. the last episode was dull, dull, dull. the whole thing turned out to be very small beer and the dénouement was unbelievably feeble.five hours of my life for that? my advice: watch paint dry instead.

i have grown up with scooby doo all my life, my dad grew up with scooby doo. we have just watched the first episode of the travesty that calls itself shaggy and scooby get a clue. what planet are warner bros on allowing this shambles to air. the characters could have been drawn better by my younger sister. the story could have been better written by my 3 year old twin cousins (who are scooby doo fans too). scooby and shaggy just aren't!!!!! if anyone but casey kasem does the voice of shaggy it just isn't gonna work folks!!!! trust me.this program was disgraceful. what's new scooby doo is much better. why change a winning format. bin this piece of garbage and go back to the true scooby

slow and riddled with inaccuracy. over-looking its flaws this is still an interesting account of the famed and heroic siege of the alamo during the texas fight for independence from mexico. james arness as jim bowie. brian keith as davy crockett. alec baldwin as col. travis. raul julia as general santa anna. this made-for-tv project also stars david ogden stiers, kathleen york and jim metzler. very good original music by peter bernstein.

this movie is flawed on many fronts. like many before it, it portrays more of the mythology of the alamo than the history. the production is poor, overall giving the impression of a welfare project for lots of actors who might have otherwise had to work on hollywood squares. this to me was the greatest flaw - i know the ages and general personalities of the real alamo protagonists and the geriatric ensemble of tv actors chosen to portray them never let any hint of believability intrude.as a native texan, i grew up with the mythology. i later learned more about the history. i can accept a decent production from either perspective (although i prefer more historical accuracy), but this never gave me a chance to enjoy it. even john wayne's or fess parker's versions had more life than this stolid mess, while being only slightly less accurate.very disappointing - avoid it.

while being a great james arness western, this film has gone down as the worst alamo film ever made. the story was terrible, inaccuracy all through it, and just downright untruths to boot! continuity was cast to the four winds. anybody catch the cannon sequence? the mexicans were dumb enough to fire cannons that obviously had mud and ramrods still sticking out of the tubes. come on! then there is brian keith's ridiculous hat! costumer must of been away or something. or just out of their mind!

burt kennedy used to be a very good director, but you'd never know it by this lumbering mess. not only does this film look cheap, it is cheap--most of the battle scenes are lifted from the far superior "the last command" from 1955, and that footage, shot 32 years previously, looks more contemporary than anything in this picture. the few action scenes that were actually shot for this movie are disorganized, confused and incompetent, looking just as shoddy as the rest of the picture. this has the look and feel of a bad student film (and the budget didn't seem to be a whole lot more). it moves like molasses, the acting for the most part is either over-the-top ham or under-the-top comatose--although raul julia comes off better than most of the rest of the cast--and it's chock full of annoying historical inaccuracies. on top of that, it's way too long. if you're going to make a boring film, do it in an hour or so and get it over with--don't stretch it out over three hours, like this one does. if you want to see a good movie about the alamo, check out john wayne's 1960 version, or even the 1955 film from which this movie stole its action scenes. hard to believe it took six producers to make a movie this lousy. skip it.

this is a terrible movie, terrible script, bad direction and nonsensical ending. also, bad performances, except from clancy brown who is criminally underused here, and michael pollard. watching this movie was purgatory--you do it to unload enough bad movie karma to actually see a good one further down the line.the movie presents a father and son who look like they couldn't every possibly have been related. the part of the male lead is not well written and seems uncharismatic in this role. you can see the plot points a mile away. the actions of the female lead and that of her brother, the cop, also make no sense. so, a major action on her part at the end of the movie makes no sense script-wise.

this movie was terrible. at first i just read the plot summary and it looked ok, so i watched it. the acting was terrible. it was like the actor were almost camera shy. everything seemed fake. i feel bad for edward furlong, terminator 2 was my favorite a few years ago.. i've watched it at least 20 times....the plot was also crap. the writers were probably sleep deprived when they came up with the lines.on the plus side, it's the good kind of bad movie. the one you keep watching just to see how much worst could it will get, so that later you can tell other people how you couldn't believe how terrible the movie was.i think everybody should watch this, so that then we could appreciate better other, real, movies.

that reviewers liked this movie surprises me. the plot is a muddle. the characters are wooden. michael bowen spends most of the film spying on the other characters and misjudging all of them. no one has any redeeming quality or point-of-interest. this is not an edgy work. it is not imaginative. it is not ironic. it is no clever. there is nothing straight forward about this tedious work. that is missed theatrical release is not surprise. that the "this network" airs it diminishes that venue. i definitely recommend turning to a rerun of the garden smart show on pbs or even a good informational if you encountered this mess on late night television. if you encounter it on daytime television, take a long walk. even if you walk in smog, you will feel better not having suffered through this shambles. life is short. this movie is long.

this is not an entirely bad movie. the plot (new house built next door seems to be haunted) is not bad, the mood is creepy enough, and the acting is okay. the big problem i had is that, being familiar with lara flynn boyle (from twin peaks and other shows), i couldn't get over how different she looks with her apparently new, big lips. i kept staring at them. they look so out of place on her face! they make her look completely different (and not better).mark-paul gosselaar, the actor who plays kim the architect who designs and pours his heart and soul into the house, does a fine job. and lara (as col) is also quite good (but those lips!) as the owner of the house next door. her husband, walker (colin ferguson) is appropriately wooden. the various characters who live in the house were also fine. i particularly liked pie (charlotte sullivan) and her husband, buddy (stephen amell), the first people to move into the house. the attempt to involve us in the overall neighborhood vibe fails, unfortunately, as the other neighbors are not particularly likable.for some reason the director was unable to make the "haunted" house particularly ominous. other movies (such as amityville horror, the legend of hell house) manage to achieve that spooky feel, but it just doesn't happen here. the closest is when col paints a depiction of the house.another thing that didn't work for me is the plot twist that occurs with kim, the architect. initially, he appears to be a victim of the house like the others (it has sucked him dry of inspiration), but later he seems to have joined forces with it in evil.overall, not a bad movie for horror fans if you can take your eyes off those big lips!

iberia is nice to see on tv. but why see this in silver screen? lot of dance and music. if you like classical music or modern dance this could be your date movie. but otherwise one and half hour is just too long time. if you like to see skillful dancing in silver screen it's better to see bollywood movie. they know how to combine breath taking dancing to long movie. director carlos saura knows how to shoot dancing from old experience. and time to time it's look really good. but when the movie is one and hour it should be at least most of time interesting. there are many kind of art not everything is bigger then life and this film is not too big.

oh, it's the movie - i thought i waited too long to take out the dog... i can't believe i watched the whole thing. i guess i was optimistically anticipating that it was going to get better. horribly disjointed dialog, pathetic acting, and totally improbable events. like toby's mom hanging herself in the time it takes col to walk upstairs and back down in a room with a 24' ceiling and no chairs, counters or anything around her motionlessly suspended body that she could have possibly used to climb on to do herself in. the little girl that played the daughter of the last family was the best actor in the whole movie, and the puppy of the first couple was a close second. the basic storyline has potential and with a good script and director could be a seriously creepy flick, but this version sadly is not it. i get more scared when i open my electric bill every month.

this movie is pure guano. mom always said if you can't say anything nice... but even mom would say i had to do my part to warn others of this movie.i can guarantee this is the film that geoffrey rush wishes would just go away. i would hope that greg kinnear fired his agent..from a cannon for giving him the script. after this ben stiller is probably praying for someone to pitch "there's still something about mary." i have always been a fan of wes studi's, thank whatever you hold holy that he wore a mask through the film so maybe people won't identify the film with him.it starts of promisingly with a stylistic spoof of the cinematography of the batman films and then just loses something...like a coherent plot and half decent effects.the jokes are telegraphed an hour before the punchline comes, and even then they fall flat. if you want to see an effective spoof of the comic book world see "chasing amy".run! don't walk away from "mystery men"!

life in some future fascist or near fascist state which severely restricts personal freedoms is a recurrent theme both in modern literature and for film makers. such works post us warnings about undesirable trends in our society to watch out for; but to be effective they must also be entertaining. unfortunately most of the books are probably more effective in posting the warnings than in entertaining us enough to become really widely read; whilst with the films the problem is usually the other way round. the first such work to become really widely known was probably george orwell's "1984" (first published in 1948), and this is still readily available both in the form of a book and as a film.watch or read it: and then, when you are feeling a little depressed by man's inhumanity to man, reach for cinderella 2000. this is a feather light low budget film comedy based on the same theme which provides effortless but unrewarding viewing; and as with 1984 the calendar has now passed beyond its erstwhile period. most of the comedy is laid on with a trowel although there are just a few genuinely funny moments. to exercise your mind in the long intervals between these you can focus it on the question of whether this film will gain a new extension of life by being released as a dvd or whether it will finally disappear into oblivion as existing tape copies deteriorate past redemption. there are many worse films appearing as dvd's these days, and frankly i do not care much what happens either way.so far the best of the films of this genre has probably been "the handmaiden's tale", but i would very happily swap them all for a well made film of jack london's towering novel "the iron heel". ambitious as this would be, it still seems incredible that no modern film maker has yet dared to attempt it (imdb only lists a b/w silent version made in russia in 1919).

this film is roughly what it sounds like: a futuristic version of the cinderella legend but with songs and (fairly tame) sex scenes! the film is not sure what it wants to be and pretty much ends up a mess. it's more expensive looking than most of director al adamson's films but it's not at the same budget level that viewers have come to expect from sci-fi films. the actors are pretty bad and unlike most adamson films, there are no former big namers or b actors. some of the music is ok but it's easy to see why cinderella 2000 has been forgotten for so many years.

i remember loving this show when i was a kid. i thought the helicopter was the coolest thing i've seen. it was ultra high-tech for it's time. it could repel enemy fire, do all sorts of acrobatics in the air, and take down nearly anything in it's way. now i go back and watch it today and am surprised how lousy this show really is. the casts members are hardly compelling, there are a lot of cheesy moments, and the fight scenes are incredibly fake looking. and nearly every ending has the same helicopter fighting crap with the obvious reuse of grainy low quality stock footage. lot of the footages appear to date from the vietnam war era.airwolf has basically the same theme as knight rider, except the crime-fighting vehicle of choice is a helicopter instead of a car. after watching a few episodes, i found myself utterly bored. i do, however, love the theme music.

i really looked forward to this program for two reasons; i really liked jan michael vincent and i am an aviation nut and have a serious love affair with helicopters. i don't like this program because it takes fantasy to an unbelievable level. the world speed record for helicopters was set at 249 mph by a westland lynx several years ago. the only chopper that was ever faster was the experimental lockheed ah56a in the 1960's. it hit over 300 and was a compound helicopter, which means it had a pusher propeller at the end of its fuselage providing thrust.in short, no helicopter can fly much over 275 because of the principle of rotary wing flight. and the bell 222, the "actor" that portrayed airwolf wasn't very fast even by helicopter standards. and it didn't stay in production very long.there was a movie that came out during this time period called "blue thunder" that was much more realistic.

*****warning: may contain spoilers********* my huge problem with this movie is how totally self-centered and self consumed the adulteress wife is!! after having a one night stand with a slimy psycho she is being stalked by him. he calls her constantly and threatens her and even sends a video of their night together. he is obviously crazy and very dangerous. the problem is she only thinks he is dangerous to her (and exposing her secret). not for one second did she ever have one thought of concern for her husband! did she even for a moment think of him possibly being in danger from this psychotic?? as soon as she realized how mental he was she should have warned her husband no matter what the consequences. maybe there wouldn't have been a movie then but there really wasn't one anyway so what's the difference.

i have to admit when i went to see this movie, i didn't really have high expectations. but even with my low expectations i was totally and utterly disappointed...basically luke wilson is a hot shot who tends to go out with slightly crazy girlfriends. there's slight mention of a girl stalking him but that's pretty much it for that character. which i don't quite mind cause it would probably be just as underdeveloped as the rest of the movie.so while on a subway rainn wilson (who i actually liked before this movie) convinces him to talk to a "hot" girl, uma thurman. this is strange to say the least, as everyone can clearly see that uma thurman does not belong under the category of "hot".rainn wilson's performance is also far from "hot". normally i'm all for his acting, but even he couldn't salvage this movie. his character was jumpy, unrealistic and rather annoying. you could never tell if the writers were trying to make him the comical token closet gay guy, or just desperate. it was almost painful.but anyway, someone steals her purse as she goes to leave the subway, and luke wilson being the charming savior he is runs after the robber. now we all know that uma thurman is the superhero, or "g-girl" as they like to call her in the movie. it still baffles me as to what the "g" stands for, but we'll leave that for the message boards to debate.the sex scenes i assume are supposed to be funny, but i find myself asking who has sex like that? they nearly throw the bed through the wall because of uma thurman's "passion" let's say. it makes my head hurt, but not in the "i'm thinking really hard to understand this" way.when uma insults anna faris, calling her a "whore" i had no debate with that. apart from the fact that she can't choose movies properly, she can't act and relies souly on the fact that she's blonde and typical.overall i would've walked out of the theater if i hadn't paid $8.75 to see it. the characters are typical and have absolutely no chemistry, especially uma thurman. someone should let her know that just because you move your head a lot doesn't mean you're acting.also, the script and storyline could've used either a lot of work or a match and some lighter fluid. i actually started to feel embarrassed for the actors, and their dying careers. overall, if you value your money, and your self respect do not waste your time with this pathetic attempt at a movie.

well i must say this is probably the worst film i have seen this year! the jokes were extremely crude (wasn't expecting it from as pg movie)(rated pg in canada) and they weren't funny! with this great cast i at least expected some good acting but i didn't even get that. i am a huge rainn wilson fan and this is the first time i was extremely disappointed by his performance. neither luke wilosn or uma thurman's characters are the least bit likable and i really could have cared less what happened to either of them. i didn't expect this at all as in the past i have really liked other movies by this director (six days, seven nights for example) this movie was not worth the $10 it cost me and i strongly encourage you not to see this movie. i guarantee that you will be like me begging for this movie to be over.

needed an excuse to get out of the house while paint dried - left the movie after an hour to return and watch the paint dry.i don't recall ever walking out on a movie before, but i really tried to stay. the script was not up to the cast and just kept "going and going" badly - come on! uma thurman doing this stuff? fairly lame special effects. these were older characters and actors doing superficial horny 20-something lives - just sort of annoying and wrong feeling.this review is base only on the first hour - it might have gotten better. i just had to get home and see if the paint dried a darker shade than when it went on.

i went to see this film yesterday and although i didn't have high hopes for this film, i was still bitterly disappointed! i actually cant believe i spent 96 minutes of my life watching this film...it was that bad!!! the storyline was disgraceful and the acting was terrible (even though it had big names such as uma thurman in it). this film heavily relied on its special effects...but they personally had no effect on me. i honestly wished id never watched it and i strongly warn everyone against seeing this film. it is a total waste of money and you'll only end up being disappointed afterwards. my advice is to save your money, go shopping, treat yourself, just don't go and see this film... you'll live to regret it lol!

i'm a huge fan of ivan reitman-i loved evolution and who didn't like ghostbusters? from the trailer you already know that uma's character will get dumped by luke's.so the build-up is obviously towards the moment when she unleashes her superpowers on him.but the pay-off is just not there.the shark tossing did manage to get a (slight) giggle but once again, it was all in the trailer.no one does breathless quite like uma and luke is diet owen on his good days.if not for riann wilson you would sit there with a constipated smile until your cheeks start to cramp.this is a comedy,right? it's not awful-it just sits there like a stale cracker behind the fridge.this could have been such a brilliant send-up of superhero movies and feminism but fails on both counts.let's see if jason reitman can salvage the family name.

it's easy to see how this below-average screenplay got by in the early sales-pitch meetings at regency films (and later with fox): cross the superhero genre with a comedic take on "fatal attraction"...voilà! i don't know how on earth a talented director like ivan reitman got involved, unless the pay was just too tempting. a dateless employee at an architectural design firm in n.y.c. meets a girl on the subway and asks her out; despite the fact she's distracted and unpleasant, he eventually gets her into bed--only to find out later she's the big apple's resident superhero, g-girl. this distaff superman, with powers bestowed upon her by a fallen meteorite, isn't a fantasy heroine, however...screenwriter don payne has conceived her as a needy, possessive, vindictive bitch (he telegraphs this to us from miles away, though uma thurman still plays the role for sassy laughs). this is the kind of worthless movie that can't let an insult slip by. our introduction to leading man luke wilson, talking with rainn wilson on the train, is accompanied by a sour dig at gays (it prods at us to be assured these two buddies are strictly ladies' men). after being approached by g-girl's nemesis, who wants to zap her powers, wilson is told this will make her just an ordinary woman scorned...and isn't that better after all? thurman's early performances in films like "henry & june" and "jennifer 8" showcased an intelligent woman with angular grace and hypnotic poise; her films with quentin tarantino helped expose her sinewy hardness and intensity, but that came at a price (the actress has seemingly lost her graceful touch). the picture is exceedingly well-produced and shot, with expensive-seeming special effects, yet nobody bothered to find the humor in this scenario. it's pushy, leering, ugly, and badly-cast. bloated, frozen-faced wilson can't tell any of his co-workers that he's dating g-girl because she made him swear he'd rather have a chainsaw stuck up his rectum. i wonder if writer payne actually thought that was hilarious...or, indeed, if anyone involved did? * from ****

this movie is being shown over and over on cable lately, so..there is no excuse for these 2 attractive women to fight over either luke wilson or the equally vapid 'villian' in this movie. the female actresses are very cute, and that's the only reason to watch this movie. i suppose it is 'funny' that luke's even uglier/dorkier/stupider friend is around, but well, that is what we get.neither of the female leads would ever, ever talk to any of the males in this movie for more than 5 minutes. what we get is them sobbing and crying and fighting and so on over 2 guys that were best described in friday the 13th 4. dead *@$#

what a waste of time and money! my hubby and i saw this movie - after seeing the previews and thinking it "might be funny". wrong! this movie is about 90 minutes too long. the actors are trapped in a poorly written script and can't get out. the jokes are weak and tired, and not even seeing wilson's naked behind can redeem any part of this film. the special effects.....aren't. i half expected to see the harness and wires holding up uma in her flying scenes. and when the effects people apparently could not master the superhero's faster-than-a-speeding-bullet flying or fight scenes, they covered over everything with a swirling vortex of blurred screen - which hid the awful effects quite nicely. wilson's sidekick was a lame excuse for a man and wilson had no chemistry with either uma or his office co-worker. the sex scenes weren't sexy and the funny scenes weren't funny. i guess i just expected too much from these actors. none of the characters were really sympathetic, so i ended up not caring a flying fig about any of them. the only memorable performances were the kids who played bedlam and g-girl as teenagers - at least they had some chemistry. overall, a super stinko movie - i wouldn't even recommend it as a rental - it would still be a waste of money!

at what point exactly does a good movie go bad? when does a movie go from "watchable" to "where's that &^@_+#!* off switch"? thank goodness for dvds, like this one, that can be borrowed from the library - for free! likewise, thank goodness for the "fast forward" switch on the dvd player. i feel sorry for those people who were duped at the box office.at one point (i've forgotten exactly when because now it's all just a blur), our "hero," luke wilson starts running through traffic; i think he was looking for a cab. it was at that point when i gave up, realizing i couldn't care whether he found his ride or got run over by a garbage truck.the last time the movie was interesting was when luke wilson climbs out of the dumpster, hair dryer in hand, and first meets the "heroine," uma thurman. that scene ended with the purse-snatching criminal dangling helplessly from the fire escape far, far above the departing luke and uma. that was the last time the movie was funny, and when was that scene? ten minutes into the flick?every time the movie tried to become "funny," it couldn't. every time the movie approached "excitement," it fizzled out, heading in the opposite direction. when a musical score might have helped squeeze life out of this dullard, the sound track stayed empty and silent.the sex scenes were not needed and were beyond lame; the damage to sets and props unnecessary and childish. when uma turns into the crazy ex-girlfriend, i felt like i was watching "the 40 year old virgin meets pulp fiction"; that's when i realized that there was no turning back because i thoroughly disliked "the 40 year old virgin" and "pulp fiction."luke wilson's sidekick, rainn wilson (also seen in the dreary "the last mimzy") adds nothing but insult to injury in this awful movie. rainn wilson, the king of television boredom, should stay with that equally awful medium. hey, rainn wilson! leave full-length motion pictures alone! every time uma's rival, anna faris, came on screen, i expected jason or freddy or some fright flick monster to jump out from behind the scenery; once you see anna faris in "scary movie," that's all you ever see, no matter the movie, no matter the medium. the character played by wanda sykes was just plain awful and was so out of place in this flick.

if they gave me the option of negative numbers i'd use it. this movie was truly god-awful. i went into the theaters expecting it to be horrible, and it somehow managed to exceed my expectations.the script was weak, the acting was painful. i wanted to walk out but my friend was driving and wanted to get her moneys worth, i think we were both disappointed.the growing of the breasts when the girls got their super power and changing of the hair color was just wrong. eddie izzard just seemed wrong for the part of super villain, he came off as oddly weak and silly. jenny johnsons (uma thurman) came off as psychotic and strange, as did matt's (luke wilson) friend vaughn (rainn wilson.

this is one of the worst movies i have seen recently. when a man says that he wishes he had a super power of being able to orally pleasure himself i pretty much consider the movie to be in the realm of childish 14 year old male fantasies. the bed room scene was over the top and reduced an intimate moment into a farce of biological functions akin to passing gas in public. from the first every other scene was a discussion about how little sex they where getting, how long its been since they got some, when their next sexual liaison will be, and with whom it should be with. on top of that the dialogue and acting was very poor and very forced, not felt, and they filled their lack of content with sleazy sex scenes. this could have been really funny because the concept is actually interesting but it is poorly executed here. please, do not even think about taking anyone under 16 if you have to go and see it.

ivan reitman is something of a savior. the most tired plots (ghostbusters, evolution) come to life in his skilled hands. even his occasional flop (six days, seven nights) show signs of life and humor that make it worth viewing. so i was disappointed that reitman could not take a fairly original plot (man dumps superhero, superhero gets superpower-fueled revenge), and shape it into something enjoyable. "girlfriend" is an exercise in pointlessness. the one-trick pony plot is long in the tooth after the first 20 minutes. the film can't decide whether to be romantic comedy or superhero drama. the result is a film the flip-flops between both, with neither aspect being very well done. uma thurman is tops, as usual, and luke wilson pulls off his role too, though his slacker antics quickly grow tired. what's even more maddening is that, in certain scenes (such as when a very turned on uma knocks a headboard through a wall), you sense a witty, raucous reitman opus practically screaming to get out. but seconds later, the magic is lost, gone as quick as the superheroine whose movies disappoints in almost every way.

matt saunders (luke wilson) thinks he has found the perfect woman in jenny johnson (uma thurman), who seems like a quiet but pretty woman, though he soon learns that she's needy and possessive, oh, and she's also the superhero g-girl, though you wouldn't know it from the things she does to matt after he freaks out and breaks up with her.a promising premise is ruined by a mediocre execution. my super ex-girlfriend is still an enjoyable comedy however it relies too much on cheap sex jokes and it ends up being a forgettable experience. what went wrong? the cast and the director could not overcome the weakness of the script and i didn't like the way they played it out. i was expecting the guy to be a jerk and it could have been a female fantasy revenge film. however, they made the guy likable and they made the superhero a psycho. it just wasn't very fresh and after about forty minutes, the film wore out it's welcome. sure, there were a few funny lines however the weak middle and horrible ending kept it from really breaking out.director ivan reitman has lost his touch. after a successful run in the eighties and early nineties, he started making crap like evolution and father's day. i wouldn't say my super ex-girlfriend is a complete bust but i don't give him credit for any of the quality the movie holds, which isn't too much. don payne did an awful job with the screenplay. the majority of the jokes were lame and most of the supporting characters were just one-note. he also kept reusing a lot of the same jokes making the thing really tedious at times.a few of the actors were good enough to save the film. uma thurman was great as g-girl and she had many funny lines. luke wilson was a bit pale and not very interesting. i don't think he makes for an appealing leading man and he's better in supporting roles like in the family stone. anna faris was just doing her "scary movie" routine and it's getting a little old. she needs a challenge or at least some better scripts. wanda sykes is either hit or miss for me. she was great in monster-in-law and she was bad in clerks 2. here, she is just annoying and doesn't bring anything to the movie. eddie izzard was alright, nothing special. rainn wilson was just annoying and not funny. overall, i was disappointed with the movie. it wasn't awful yet it had so much potential and the final result was just so average. rating 5/10

what an awful show. science fiction fans seem to watch anything anymore regardless of quality. it shocks me that something exceptional like firefly lasts one season, while garbage like the battlestar galactica remake spawns a spin off. this spin off is pitiful in every aspect of the show. the acting is juvenile and uninspired. the characters are cardboard clichés of everything that has ever been in a bad sci-fi series. the story is bad. the dialog is worse than a prime time soap opera. the direction is shoddy and the sets are awful. caprica is a waste of film, a waste of time and a waste of effort. this is one spin off that should have never been made.

of course i was watching bg. i loved s1, i liked season 2, season 3 was ok, and loved the final one. yay, there is a spin-off show! i didn't know about this at all, one of my friends told me about this. i was really excited.i watched the first 3 episodes... what a piece of rubbish! teenage girl drama fest. there is no science fiction... well, hardly any. at the end of every episode we can catch a glimpse of a cylon. that's all. who cares this? did they decide that the next show's target audience will be females under 18? boring religious nonsense talking, moaning, bitching... and some more.it is just sad that there is nothing out there at the moment to watch. stargate ruined, bg over...

i realize it's not supposed to be bsg and i can handle slow-paced shows if they're interesting but i find myself completely uninterested and bored with this series.the formula for bsg seemed to be: action + adventure + scifi + suspense + mystery + dramathe formula for caprica seems to be: bland drama + moderate scifimaybe it will get more interesting but as of episode 3 i can barely watch it. in fact, it's at the bottom of my to-watch list for the week. this is a sad state of affairs. the syfi channel really destroyed their friday night lineup. whatever happened to the glory days of sg1, stargate atlantis, and bsg on friday nights? they had a good thing there.

i remember watching the bsg pilot. i can describe that night exactly. i remember what chair i sat in. that show was magic. it came alive. i enjoyed the first two years of bsg. i enjoyed parts of the third year even, and i watched every episode of the fourth year, totally faithfully in great hopes that it would somehow turn around. well, it didn't.i watched the caprica pilot and was enthralled. there was hope for something good here. then i started watching the regular episodes, and they are getting more and more boring.it's too obvious, too predictable. it reminds me of the droll political correctness of his last failed show, virtuality.much of his line work on ds9 was good. when he focused on bsg in an organized way, it was good. this was especially true early on when they more or less followed the pattern of episodes set by the first bsg series. when they departed from that after meeting up with admiral cain and the pegasus, it all went to pot. it was like he wrote the rest of the show without knowing where he was going.maybe it will improve. maybe it was just a few weak initial episodes. but i am very, very nervous.

basically, "caprica" is the cylon origin story. the premise of the show is interesting. however, the writers follow so many story lines and clog it with too many pov characters that it bogs down the storytelling. the plot creeps at glacial speeds dissipating what tension it might have had. in any given episode, little or nothing happens.daniel graystone (eric stolz) is a military contractor working on a robotic soldier using a stolen chip. unfortunately, his only working prototype is driven by the ai version of his dead daughter zoe, who died in a suicide bombing caused by soldiers of the one (sto), an underground monotheist extremist group.meanwhile, joseph adama (father of "battlestar galactica"'s commander adama) is struggling to hold his family together while searching for the ai version of his daughter (who also died in the bombing) in a machiavellian virtual version of caprica (which strongly resembles 1930s chicago). in addition to the vapid writing, caprica suffers from a similar problem as many origin stories. we already know how it ends (i.e. the cylons develop their own civilization and rebel against humanity).

if you like a syfi soap opera this show is for you, as fare as i am concerned it does not work for me and after watching 3 episodes i just can't watch it anymore. it is boring and slow and for a show that the timeline is based around 100.000+ years ago if you base it on battlestar galactica's timeline for arriving on earth they sure seem to have all the same stuff around like the 100.000 year old chevy vans driving down the streets and people watching the 100.000 year old popular name brand lcd t.v. sets. it also goes the same with the rest of the sets as well on the show, there is just to much of today's stuff involved in it to not overlook, i think they could have done a lot better of a job to get around these issues and yes battlestar galactica had some of the same issues but not nearly as bad. as fare as the rest of the show it is not nearly as good as bsg was and it is a poor pre sequel to it….

i had to endure teen-aged, high school angst and family conflict for almost all of the show. i really do not care about high-school girls fretting about their relationships. i've spent my time in hell dealing with such issues and i care nothing about fictional teenies going through "lite" versions of the horrors i endured. i want science fiction. that's the only reason i'm here. there were a few seconds of science fiction late in the show. we finally see a proto-cylon. it was good but with one problem. its red eye-dot would lock onto an object of interest. we all know that cylon eyedots always scan back and forth, giving the machine a map of the world. the red eye-dot does not ever stop moving back and forth.i really hope the writers fix this abuse before the second episode.

battlestar gallactica was so great because it had tight writing, a great look, excellent actors, and interesting stories... and yeah, had hot men and women running around in and out of uniform.caprica was just lazy. lazy writing. actors smoking up a storm to give them "character." outdoor sequences that ruin the feeling of being somewhere else (yes, that is a ford focus sitting in the background). lots and lots of teenage angst. lots of gyrating naked women (but in the background. which i'm sure will be cut for the series) and a token view of some men in towels. none of the actors except polly walker took my attention at all. at an hour and a half, i was still wondering when it was going to be over.so what exactly is it that's supposed to bring me back? the science fiction? it's awfully light on that. the actors? besides polly walker's fine turn, there isn't much interesting being done here. there aren't even any "hotties" in the cast, except for maybe esai, although for the younger set he's pretty old, since he's over 25.i loved bsg. i was skeptical when i heard about caprica, and unfortunately, i think i'm right. i predict a very short run for it as a series unless they really sharpen their pencils over at scifi and get to work making this more than the oc on another planet.

what was with all the turkish actors? no offense but i thought it was all for nothing for all these actors. the film had no script to test any actors acting skill or ability. it demanded next to nothing i bought this film to see michael madsen. he is one of my favorite actors but this film was another failure for him. the script was so bad. their was just nothing to sink your teeth into and all the characters were two dimensional. madsen tried to act like a hard ass but the script and direction didn't even allow him to do enough with his character to make it more interesting or 3 dimensional.even the sound effects of the gunfight at the beginning of the film sounded like the noise of paint ball guns when they are fired in a skirmish. it was really weird and they didn't sound like real guns. a video game had better sound effects than this film. there was also a really annoying bloke at the beginning of the film who was a member of the robbery gang. he had this american whining voice like a girl shouting lines like "lets get the f#$k out of here" and what are we going to do man". he sounded like a girl. as a positive it was funny to watch and it made me laugh too. for a few seconds. whoo hoo ! dumb film. poor madsen. he will bounce back...

bela lugosi as creepy insane scientist who uses orchids to woo brides in order to steal life essence for aged wife. the midget in this film is hilarious!! a lot of freaks, plus a lot of padding and no plot makes watching this film a nightmare. i loved how all the pieces fell together in the end in typical hollywood fashion. the story never gets interesting, and you feel helpless as you watch.usually i'd score bore flicks like this one low, but the midget added just enough creepiness and entertainent to gain a couple more points.

bela lugosi is great as usual but the movie is nothing compared to dracula. he is probably the only one that played a perfect part in this movie but not even a legend like lugosi could save the badness of the idea of this movie and unlike most old unspenseful horror films this movie doesn't set the mood very well. even at its worst any of bela's movies is only mediocre though.

bela lugosi plays dr. lorenz who loves his wife so much that he will do anything to keep her young. this film starts off with a wedding as the bride is about to take her vows she suddenly collapses. she is pronounced dead and taken away by undertakers. trouble is that these are not real undertakers but body snatchers. a wave of bride deaths at the altar and their body disappearing confounds the police. enter reporter patricia hunter to solve the case. she does track down dr. lorenz but he also decides to use her youth to keep his wife young also.

a number of brides are mysteriously murdered while at the altar, and later their bodies are stolen en route to the morgue. newspaper writer patricia hunter decides to investigate these mysterious killings. she discovers that right before each ceremony, the bride was given a rare orchid (supposedly from the groom) which contained a powerful drug that succumbed them. patricia is told that the orchid was first grown by a dr. lorenz, who lives in a secluded estate, with his wife. in reality, dr. lorenz is responsible for the crimes, by putting the brides in a suspended state, and using their gland fluid to keep his wife eternally young. patricia, along with dr. foster (who is working with dr. lorenz on the medical mystery surrounding his wife) try to force dr. lorenz's hand by setting up a phony wedding, which eventually leads patricia into the mad doctor's clutches. this movie had a very good opening reel, but basically ended up with too many establishing shots and other weak scenes. the cast is decent, walters and coffin deserved better, but that's life. russell steals the show (even out hamming lugosi- who does not give one of his more memorable performances, even considering his monograms) as countess lorenz playing the role with the qualities of many of the stereotypical characteristics of many of today's hollywood prima donnas. weak and contrived ending as well. rating, based on b movies, 4.

patricia hunter: oh, professor, do you also make a habit of collecting coffins? dr. lorenz: why, yes, in a manner of speaking. i find a coffin much more comfortable than a bed. interesting bela lugosi (glen or glenda, dracula) vehicle where he plays the mad scientist. i was especially creeped out when he appeared in the bedrooms of his guests when they were sleeping.luana walters (girls in prison) was really appealing as a sensual reporter, patricia hunter< who was to be a victim, but woman-power trumps evil scientist every time.2'11" angelo rossitto and creepy frank moran , who liked to stoke the women's hair added to the film.interesting look at a 40s horror film.

now i love bela lugosi,don't get me wrong,he is one of the most interesting people to ever make a movie but he certainly did his share of clunkers.this is just another one of those.lugosi plays dr.lorenz,a doctor who has had his medical license pulled for unexplained reasons.he is however doing experiments to keep his wife young and beautiful.it's revealed that she is 70-80 years old yet lugosi looks to be in his mid 50's so why he is married to this old woman is never really explained.anyway these treatments or experiments involved giving brides who are at the altar being married some sort of sweet smelling substance whereby they pass out but are thought to be dead.then lugosi and some of his assistants steal the body on its way to the morgue and take it back to his lab where it's kept in some sort of suspended animation or catatonic state.then the stolen brides have a needle rammed somewhere in their bodies,maybe the neck,and then the needle is rammed into the body of lugosi's wife to bring her back to youth and beauty.we never really see where lugosi sticks the needle or what it is that he draws out of the brides but it somehow restores his wife .apparently old age makes you scream with pain because lugosi's wife does a lot of screaming until she gets back to her younger state.helping lugosi in his lab is the only good thing about this movie....a weird old hag and her two deformed sons....one son is a big lumpy looking slow acting fellow who likes to fondle the snoozing brides and the other son is a mean little dwarf....little person, to be politically correct in today's world.at night these three just sort of pile up and sleep in lugosi's dreary downstairs lab.who these 3 are and how they came to be lugosi's scared assistants is,like a lot of stuff in this film, never explained.so anyway a female reporter is given the assignment by her gruff editor to find out where all the stolen brides are going to.she quickly figures out that the one common thing among all the stolen brides is a rare orchid that is found on them.so she asks around and is told that there is a world renowned orchid expert living nearby who just happens to be the one who developed this particular orchid.this expert turns out to be creepy dr.lorenz.she quickly tracks him down and upsets his little house of horrors.i'm not sure where the police were during all this but they came in to mop up after the reporter had done all the dirty work.it seems that lugosi's movies always had some sort of unnecessary silly plot line that just made the whole thing stink to high heavens.i mean a world famous orchid expert kidnaps brides by sending them a doped up orchid he himself is known to have developed? d'oh!and then later it's revealed that the young ladies don't even have to be brides for the procedure to work so why would lugosi keep kidnapping brides from heavily guarded churches for his experiments and create all the attention and newspaper headlines? why not just grab a prostitute off the street like a normal weirdo pervert would do? this clunker reminded me a lot of another lugosi stinker,"the devil bat"....same silly plot lines and bad acting and same silly 'reporter gets bad guy' deal.but lugosi is always good--he is creepy and sinister enough to keep you interested at least enough to keep watching him.the woman playing the reporter was just a terrible actor....she had no emotion whatsoever,she just delivered her lines like a machine gun ,spewing them out as quickly as she could.everyone else pretty much blew too,when it came to being good actors.but this thing is watchable ,if only for bela lugosi fans.lugosi was always so intense even when the picture was a dog.he must have known he was doing terrible pictures but maybe he also knew that if he gave it everything he had a little of that intensity might shine through past all the bad plots and bad acting which surrounded him.and he was right----we horror fans will always have a love for bela lugosi.he gave it his all every time he was in front of the camera.we do give two f**ks for you,bela.

"bela lugosi revels in his role as european horticulturalist (sic) dr. lorenz in this outlandish tale of horror and dementia. the good doctor's aging wife needs fluids harvested from the glands of young virgins in order to retain her youth and beauty. what better place for the doctor to maintain his supply than at the alter, where he kidnaps the unsuspecting brides before they can complete their vows? sedating them into a coma-like state, he brings them to his mansion to collect his tainted bounty," according to the dvd sleeve's synopsis. that brief description is much more entertaining and imaginative than the movie.** the corpse vanishes (1942) wallace fox ~ bela lugosi, luana walters, elizabeth russell

bela lugosi plays a doctor who will do anything to keep his wife looking young and beautiful. to this end, he drugs brides during their wedding ceremonies to make it look as if they are dead so he can steal their bodies. i'm not exactly sure what he does with the bodies. i don't remember it ever being fully explained. all i know is that he extracts something from them and injects it in his wife. (i'll just guess that it's spinal fluid. spinal fluid was all the rage of mad scientists in the 40s.) you can pretty much guess the rest from here.there are a couple (well, really more than a couple, but i'll only write about two) of problems that i have with this movie. one is the way bela is used. sure, he does a decent enough job in his own overacting sort of way (btw, the rest of the cast is simply abysmal). but, to have him hiding in the back of a hearse or having him creep into the female reporter's bedroom to do nothing is just silly. also, why have him beat and/or kill every henchman he has? is it to make him look evil? well, someone who is kidnapping comatose brides doesn't really need to be made to look more evil.the second problem i have is the idea of drugging brides. why brides? wouldn't any female under the age of 20 do? watching bela go through these gyrations to get his victims, i was reminded of the idiotic fisherman in i still know what you did last summer. in each case, there would appear to be an easier way of reaching your objective than employing a seemingly impossible plan that depends way to much on circumstances out of your control. (btw, an alternate title for this movie is the case of the missing brides. i guess that partially explains the need for 'brides'.)

brides are dying at the altar and their corpses are vanishing. no one knows why or who, but an investigative reporter (luana walters) notes that each bride was wearing a strange orchid and she goes to interview its creator, dr. lorenz (bela lugosi). now dr. lorenz is a mad scientist with some strange habits, including sleeping in coffins and injecting his elderly wife (elizabeth russell) with the fluid of young brides to keep her young.the corpse vanishes has an interesting premise and a short enough run time that it shouldn't be able to get boring. unfortunately, while it starts off quite well, it does start to drag before the halfway point and gets rather boring with its clichés and predictable plot.there are some good things about it-bela lugosi is charming and evil and performs brilliantly; elizabeth russell is also a beautiful, suave, aloof and very creepy countess; and i'm always a fan of angelo rossitto. luana walters is also convincing as the reporter here.it maintains a bit of a gothic atmosphere and the sets are decent.but overall, it just didn't manage to hold my interest through the whole picture, and for that, i have to rate it poorly.

just looking at the sets, staging and editing it is easy to tell this project lacked a proper budget. maybe bela lugosi is meant to take your mind off of things like that. young brides drop dead at the altar after saying "i do". their corpses are stolen by a renowned horticulturist dr. lorenz(lugosi)and a couple of his freakish minions as his aging wife(elizabeth russell)needs injections of the glandular fluids of the young virgins to remain forever young...forever beautiful. an eager local cub reporter(luana walters)realizes that each missing bride wore the same rare orchid to the altar; an orchid in which dr. lorenz would be most knowledgeable. a typical horror movie storm brews making a visit to the lorenz estate a bit spooky; especially with a dwarf and a slobbering hunchback on the premises. other players: angelo rossitto, tristram coffin, minerva urecal and frank moran.

only the glandular secretions -- and please don't ask for any more details -- of young virgins can keep the rapidly deteriorating body and mind of the crazed old amateur horticulturalist's wife fresh and youthful. since, like most people except those taking part in medical trials, virgins seldom give up their secretions willingly, dr. lorenz (bela lugosi) arranges for them to be abducted and preserved. he'll do the extracting himself. what a great cheese ball of a premise for a low budget horror movie. if the corpse vanishes turns out not to be the havarti of horror, as a plain limburger it leaves an interesting aftertaste. sure, the acting is almost awful except for the actors fortunate enough to be playing the crazed dwarf (angelo rossitto, who later played the master in mad max beyond thunderdome); his crazed brute of a brother, angel (frank moran), who grunts a lot and has a fetish for the virgins' hair; the crazed mother of the two (minerva urecal); the crazed wife (elizabeth russell), who sleeps in a plush coffin and, of course, the crazed doctor (lugosi). an enterprising young reporter, patricia hunter (luana walters) tracks down the doctor because of a strange orchid with a peculiarly sweet odor that had been worn by the victims. when the doctor and his wife invite pat to stay the night, a raging storm immediately breaks out. that clue tells us some raging violence is about to erupt inside. since it's well known that in hollywood at this time all unmarried young women were virgins, pat may have some unpleasant surprises to deal with. they include dark passages, a crusty laboratory where a near dead virgin is stored, a basement mausoleum and, later, a direct threat to patricia's own glandular secretions. if she survives, what a story she'll have to give her editor. if you sample this moist slice of moldy velveeta (and why not? don't be superior), don't judge bela lugosi by the company he keeps here. he had a huge impact in dracula (1931), but my favorite movie of his is the black cat (1934). as dr. vitas werdegast he's a sad, ironic man protective of his two young friends. when he finally takes a scalpel to hjalmar poelzig (boris karloff) and begins to flay the man alive, ah, well, it's a great scene.

the poverty row horror pictures of the 1930s and '40s depress the hell out of me. god knows i have nothing against low-budget films, but the ones produced in that period have such a dreary, shabby look about them--and, in the final analysis, just aren't very good. "the corpse vanishes" is slightly more entertaining than bottom-of-the-barrel dreck like "the invisible ghost" and "the ape man", but it's no classic. bela lugosi, long past his "dracula" heyday, plays yet another mad doctor; the unbearable elizabeth russell plays his wife. they sleep in coffins because, as lugosi explains to a doubtful young female reporter (luana walters), a coffin is much more comfortable than a bed. ho hum. angelo rossitto and minerva urecal are also on hand, which might please hardcore fans of '30s and '40s films.

brides are dying at the altar, and their corpses are disappearing. everybody is concerned, but nobody seems to be able to figure out why and how this is happening, nor can they prevent it from happening. bear with me. bela lugosi is responsible for this, as he is extracting spinal fluid from these young women to transfuse his ancient wife and keep her alive. continue to bear with me. finally, the authorities figure out that somebody must be engineering the deaths and disappearances, but of course, they can't figure out the improbable motive. let's just ignore the ludicrous pseudoscience and move on... if you can get through the first twenty minutes of this mess, you will be treated to lugosi whipping his lab assistant for disrespecting one of the brides he has murdered, explaining that he finds sleeping in a coffin much more comfortable than a bed, and other vague parodies of real horror films (the kind with budgets and plots). anyhoo - a female journalist follows her nose to the culprit (and remarkably the inept police are nowhere to be seen!), and then the fun really starts.the cinematography and acting are ok. there are a lot of well dressed, very good looking people in this film. the directing is fair, and the script is a little better than the material deserved. nevertheless, this film fails to sustain the interest of all but the most hardened b-film fan. the best thing about it.... it does eventually end, but not soon enough.

what can i say about seven pounds...well i watched on a flight from seattle to tokyo and as that flight was long and boring the movie definitely didn't help. will smith's character ben thomas is almost completely unlikable even with his redemption in the end. the movie's two hour plus run time wastes most of the screen time with random garbage that just strings the plot along as slow as possible. in the movies defense rosario dawson's character adds a little life to the film although not much. i don't understand how anyone could actually cry during this film when all i wanted to do was turn it off. also will smith kills himself with a jellyfish at the ended proving that killing yourself with a jellyfish is the stupidest way to die.

seven pounds: emotionally flat, illogical, morally disturbingthe movie was distributed in italy as "seven souls". i was curious about the original title and, after some research, i found out that it refers to shakespeare's merchant of venice, where the usurer shylock makes a terrible bond with the merchant antonio, who will have to give him a "pound" of his flesh, in case he is not able to repay his debt. whereas the italian translation makes ben's plan something deeply human, characterized by human sympathy, the original one, though cultivated enough to remain unperceived by anyone, makes it, just in its reference to the flesh, something cold, rational, deep-rooted in the physical side of man. unfortunately, i think that the real quality of ben's plan is revealed by the original title: it'a a cold machination, aimed at "donating" parts of his body, but lacking any authentic human empathy, at least the audience is not given the chance to see or perceive any pure relation of souls within the whole movie. the only exception is the love-story with the girl, which seems to be a sort of non-programmed incident, to which ben yields, but incapable of conveying true emotional involvement. i really didn't like the idea at the core of the movie: the idea that a person, however devoured by the pain for the death of his beloved and of other people he himself has caused, takes the resolute decision to expiate his sense of guilt through suicide: besides being improbable, it makes no sense. i would have liked, and i think it would have been more positive if, in the end, ben had decided to abandon the idea of committing suicide and go on living, thus helping those same people, and maybe many more, just standing near them, and helping them through his presence. he wouldn't have saved their lives miraculously, of course: this would have probably caused more suffering, but i think it could have been more constructive from a human, and moral point of view. there are many illogical and disturbing things: the initial reference to god's creation in seven days (which, by the way, according to the bible, are six!): what does it mean? and what about a woman suffering from heart-disease which prevents her from running and even from singing without feeling bad, who can have normal sex with a man who, feeling, as it should be, destroyed by the death of his wife and having donated organs and pieces of his body, doesn't seem to feel so much tried, both emotionally and physically, from his impaired condition? the movie is saved by good acting, but all the rest is pure nonsense, not only from a logical point of view, but also from a human and emotional one.

i considered myself to be quite melancholy, especially when i watch a great touching and tear-jerking movies. but not for this one (which surprised me!) and it is also really surprising me to see how many people praised this movie so highly.there are several disturbing facts throughout the movies: 1. despite guilt-ridden ben's real intention to save 7 lives to redeem his past, i find it disturbing that the film seems encourage this type of suicidal action. some people may perceive this is a heroic action and some others think he behaves cowardly, in the end this was a disturbing action to me.2. the movie story line is over-dramatized, but the logic is over-simplified. medically, blood type match is required to be an organ donor. toward the end of the film we learnt that emily had rear blood type that limited her chance to get the donor within short time period. nevertheless, it seemed that ben had the rare blood type, same as hers which allowed him to be her donor and conveniently, despite the rarity of ben's blood type, he was able to donate not only his heart, but also his kidney, his cornea and his bone marrow which in all cases require not only matching blood type but also tissue antigen.3. why the doctors allow ben's organs being donated despite the jellyfish venom he used to kill himself?i might be over-analyzing the whole story as after all this is just a movie. however, some disturbing facts outlined above hopefully will help you reconsider your plan to go to watch this movie. if you go for a soap-opera type of film, go for it. but it you go seeking for an intelligent entertainment, give this one a miss!

quite frankly it seemed like seven hours of boredom as well. what is it? what is it about will smith that i just can't stand any longer? i guess he just seems too hellbent on being taken seriously and obtaining an oscar. i understand how bias this is, but unless he undergoes some new acting lessons i can't ever see him winning one. he's a huge name and is therefore generally confused with being a talented and diverse actor. he's just not. i give him credit for trying so hard, and being able to cry at the drop of a hat. that's about it.seven pounds was kind of an eyeroller for me, right from the start. the suicide 911 call didn't intrigue me in any way. i wasn't curious to know why he was calling in his own suicide. there were absolutely no surprises. the best i can say is that will smith and rosario dawson had some decent on screen chemistry. also, i don't know her name, but the hispanic woman did an excellent job with her role as a scared and beaten wife. woody harrelson had very limited screen time, but i'd say he stole the show whenever he was on.all in all, just an extremely run of the mill unoriginal plot. i couldn't help asking myself the whole way through why i cared about any of these people. never once felt sorry for 'tim/ben'. he killed himself with a jellyfish? was the only survivor in an 8 person accident? geewiz..didn't see any of that coming...5/10 is pretty generous.

although in some aspects seven pounds is solid and interesting in some of its narrative style, gabriele muccino's project is rather mediocre. the movie becomes more and more sappy and manipulative as it move toward the end: hearts human and emotional, eyes physical and metaphorical. seven pounds is more of an amateurish imitation of alejandro gonzález iñárritu's amores perros and 21 grams, with lots and lots of flashbacks. the problem is the story is quite predictable from very easily on through the movie. that's too bad, because seven pounds could have been as authentically "good" if ben and emily had been put in the right hands.

i go to ucsb and take some classes with the executive producer, alison anders. she's a superb teacher and director so anything she put her name on, i thought must be pretty good. this film as a selection at the santa barbara film festival seemed like a good choice.while this movie included some nice shots and cinematography, the lack of story and coherence really took away from anything the it was attempting to accomplish. my main problem was that this was someone's first film and you could obviously tell. bad acting and an even worse screenplay stopped this film from getting off the ground. the soundtrack had some nice music that gave a sense of the main characters struggle to cope with the sadness that lead to his leaving and now returning the place he grew up. i just have to say that despite some of the better craft of the film, it's lack of story and performance really prevented it from being some good.

this film concerns the story of eddy as mentioned in the title and his homecoming to old friends in a seaside community. the plot involves the group of friends as it comes to light that eddy left as a means to deal with death of a friend in which he feels in some way responsible. but this is inconsequential, as the choices made in the production are extremely poor and not fully realized. screenplays not always need be 'chatty', but they should at least assist the development of the story. here one line attempts such as "he just took off" or "i know you don't have love in heart" just do fully evoke something worth the audience's time. also whenever the writer feels at a loss to where to go to next he cuts to a music montage of the protagonist walking through fields to some indie mood music. talk about trying to hard. if you are interested in a good film, the type that gives quality and substance over just style then this is not the film for you.

if i hadn't been forced to watch this for work reasons i never would have made it past the first 10 minutes. and even then i admit i fast forwarded through parts. the '63 film version was vastly superior in all regards. yes, i've read this one is more faithful to the original play, but what a wise thing it was for the writer to change the script in '63! it's overlong, it drags, the songs that are in this version and not in the film version are boring and unimaginative. the version of "kids" in the '63 version was very funny and a true classic of sarcastic parent humor. in this version the kim is way too old, the conrad is *absolutely horrible* to behold (when someone ripped his shirt off him i shuttered in disgust...the director of this version has no idea what sexy is.). this conrad can't dance, can't sing (he can't even stay in tune) and is simply repulsive. if elvis presley had really been like that his career would have been over before it began. as for the other actors, well i kept waiting for alexander's toupee to fall off as he danced and daly was totally over acting as momma. see stapleton's performance in the film version to see the same role properly executed by someone who understands comic timing. this tv version is nothing but a total waste of anyone's time.

jason alexander is a wonderful actor, but it's ridiculous to cast him as a cuddly romantic lead. the fact that he dances so well, croons so effectively, and throws himself into the part so completely somehow just made him seem all the more creepy. in his more cutesy moments (with the girl in the train station, in the final number with rosie), i couldn't take my eyes off him he was so repellent. you keep expecting him to drop the nice-guy act and start snarling. vanessa williams was the real star, the only performance that was better than the 1963 movie. by the way, if you see a production of the stage musical, the 1963 movie and this 1995 movie, you'll see three versions that have more revisions (different songs, same songs assigned to different characters and in different situations) than any other musical i've ever seen.

why? because for one reason, there has never been a more adorable scene in any film than ann margret singing "bye bye birdie" at the opening. she reprises it again at the ending, too (in a different mood!). both wonderful. rent it and see. even if that's all of it that you watch. you'll agree, i'm sure.everything about the original was so excellent it just didn't need a remake, sorry! jason and vanessa gave commendable performances, as well as tyne and chynna. in fact, all the actors and singers in this new version were giving their 'all,' but it's like trying to improve on "casablanca" -- it just can't be done! it's even annoying finding yourself comparing the two mentally as you try to appreciate the remake, and it just falls short, through no fault of the actors.

needless remake, and it can't come close to capturing the charm of the original. the extreme length causes more than a few yawn inducing parts. this version is ridiculously politically correct. the film lacks style, and mostly it lacks talent, not just with the acting, but the direction, sets, costumes etc. are all below par. it has a blatant disregard for period detail. vanessa williams is the only cast member that shows any flair, tyne daly isn't too bad. they should have left well enough alone. the singing ranges good (vanessa williams) to poor (everyone else). watch the original 1963 version and skip this one. there is not much here to recommend.

in my humble opinion, this version of the great bdwy musical has only two things going for it - tyne daly and the fact that there is now a filmed version with the original script. (ok vanessa williams is good to watch.)but to me that's all there is. most of the cast seem to be walking through the show - chynna phillips has no idea who kim really is and no wonder people walk over harry mcafee when it's played by george wendt who looks like he'd rather be back on a bar stool in boston. jason alexander is passable, but that wig has to go and i saw better dancing in bugsy malone. as i mentioned, it's good to have a version of the stage script now, but i hope the young out there, who have never seen a musical, don't judge them all by this.

i guess i am coming late to the party. i just saw this 1995 version of bye bye birdy on sky tv. i didn't know it existed and was fully prepared to see the 1963 film version when i turned it on.i played albert a long time ago and i am thinking of putting on an amateur production of the show because i remembered it as being so much fun to do. i was not impressed with this newer version. it just wasn't enough fun. it was not colorful. it lacked the exuberance of youth. the lighting was bad. no one seemed to mention this fact. this is not a moody musical, it is bright and up beat. the lighting decision was a poor creative choice.bye bye birdy is a farce, a comedy of errors. i got no sense of that in this version. the lighting was awful and it dulled the overall performances. the dance numbers seemed anemic as well. we do have music videos these day. at least the dance numbers should have measured up to some of the best of those, or how about some of the best of broadway. the choreographer was asleep at the wheel it seemed.although all the actors were supremely talented, there were some really bad casting choices. vanessa williams is not latin, and with so many talented latin performers out there, wouldn't it have been more correct to cast one of them in the role of rosie. vanessa is african american, lovely and talented, but bad casting. jason alexander's effort was astounding, he always does intelligent work, but he just wasn't albert. he was miscast and i think that is obvious to most people who see this version.the medium of film is not the medium of stage. there needs to be translation from one medium to another. the exuberance and the flash of stage musical must be translated to film. there is no merit being faithful to a stage script when it is being filmed. the spirit, the essence of the production must be brought forth. to me the 1963 film production of bye bye birdy was bright and lively, while the 1995 production was as gloomy as the lighting and as lackluster as the dance numbers. it turned out to be an unfortunate waste of effort by many really talented people.

i wanted to see an action comedy with a satirical twist (as this film was touted) but this one failed me miserably. for me, the plot was a bit confusing to follow and i rapidly lost interest. i feel so sorry for john cusack, joan cusack, ben kingsley, marisa tomei and hillary duff for getting involved with this movie. i'll remain a fan of all of them but only time can heal my feeling over this one. the one thing i can say positively about the film is that hillary played yonica's character so well that i didn't even recognize hillary; it took me a few scenes to realize that it was her. luckily i rented it for $1 through red box; had i paid to see it in on the big screen, i would be really fuming!!

this film tried to be too many things all at once: stinging political satire, hollywood blockbuster, sappy romantic comedy, family values promo... the list goes on and on. it failed miserably at all of them, but there was enough interest to keep me from turning it off until the end.although i appreciate the spirit behind war, inc., it depresses me to see such a clumsy effort, especially when it will be taken by its targets to reflect the lack of the existence of a serious critique, rather than simply the poor writing, direction, and production of this particular film.there is a critique to be made about the corporatization of war. but poking fun at it in this way diminishes the true atrocity of what is happening. reminds me a bit of three kings, which similarly trivializes a genuine cause for concern.

first things first: i'm not a conservative. and even though i would never refer to myself as a liberal or a democrat, i was opposed to the war in iraq from day one. i think it's safe to say john cusack and i would probably see eye-to-eye on politics, in fact, i'm sure we'd become drinking buddies if we ever got to talking about how great adam curtis' bbc docs are. my point is this: don't discredit this review by thinking i'm not a part of the choir cusack is preaching to in war, inc. there's no question wi's politics are tailored to appeal to my demographic, but the problem is, the tailoring is substandard and the the film cusack co- wrote, produced and stars in, fits worse than a cheap suit.as they say "the road to hell is paved with good intentions." cusack, his co-writers, director joshua seftel and even the actors involved, no doubt had every intention of making an anti- war film every bit as biting and funny as robert altman's m*a*s*h, unfortunately for the viewer, they ended up with one as unfunny and unintelligent as michael moore's canadian bacon.the current state of us politics, foreign policy and the war "effort" is already absurd and, as a result, tragic, pathetic and, regrettably comical -- just watch the daily show and see for yourself. the bottom line is: you can't write material as funny as what the bush administration provides us on a daily basis, so why try to compete?the main problem with wi is that it feels it was put together in a hurry. to get it done, cusack basically cannibalized grosse pointe blank (one of his best films), changed the setting and crammed in a shopping list of ideas lifted from the collected works of naomi klein. most of these ideas are rammed down your throat in the first twenty minutes of the film and what makes them so obnoxious is none of the jokes or gags or deliberately obvious references to halliburton, the neo-cons and the us occupation of iraq, are imaginative, clever or funny. the writers are so blinded by their own dogma they felt that by simply referencing these issues the film would be funny and subversive. the trouble is...it isn't. by now these ideas are yesterday's news and unless you've been living under or rock or are so blinded by ignorance, denial and sheer stupidity (read: a right-wing christian), these jokes insultingly simple.perhaps wi would work if it was more nuanced, subversive, offensive and fattened up with detailed research/insights into the occupation. as it is, the jokes and sight gags are all surface and are so bad, with so little finesse, subtlety or satirical wickedness, they did little more than make me groan. homer simpson once said "it's funny 'cause it's true" and the daily show proves this every night; war, inc. however proves that just because it's true doesn't make it funny. the bottom line: hyperbole isn't required when it comes to lampooning us/neo-conservative politics...it's already a big enough joke.http://eattheblinds.blogspot.com/

with this cast and budget you will expect more.john cusack has made a number movies that border on the strange, yet still work. neither he, his sister, nor sir ben could do anything to save this travesty of trite poorly written garbage.the movie is nothing more than a series of sight gags and poor ones at that. the plot goes nowhere, the writing is contrived, senseless and the characters paper thin. if you think of a movie as being three dimensional where the story and characters bring a depth to the imagery, this stinker comes across as flat as steamboat mickey.dan akroyd's appearance in this brought back memories of another truly awful movie, 1991's nothing but trouble. frankly this movie is the type of project that kills careers and gets agents fired.

i bought this film on dvd so i could get an episode of mystery science theater 3000. thankfully, mike, crow, and tom servo are watchable, because the film itself is not. although there is a plot, a story one can follow, and a few actors that can act, there isn't anything else. the movie was so boring, i have firmly confirmed that i will never watch it again without tom, crow and mike. as summarized above, however, it was better than the film featured in the mst3k episode that preceded it; mitchell.

following a car accident, a mad scientist(jason evers) keeps the head of his fiancee(virgina leith)alive. he then goes on the prowl looking for the perfect body to make her whole again. pretty lame all the way around, nothing redeeming here. also in the cast are: leslie daniels, bonnie sharie and bruce brighton. someone should have helped put this one out of its misery. let it die.

this movie tells the tender tale of a demented scientist who, after his fiance is decapitated, goes around ogling strippers so that he can find a suitable body to attach her noggin to. everyone in this movie exudes more slime than a snail, particularly our protagonist.

**possible spoilers ahead**	jason (a.k.a. herb) evers is a brilliant brain surgeon who, along with wife virginia leith, is involved in the most lackluster onscreen car crash ever. leith is decapitated and the doctor takes her severed noggin back to his mansion and rejuvenates the head in his lab. the mansion's exterior was allegedly filmed at tarrytown's lyndhurst estate; the lab scenes were apparently shot in somebody's basement. the bandaged head is kept alive on "lab equipment" that's almost cheap-looking enough for ed wood. some of the library music–the movie's high point–later turned up in andy milligan's the body beneath. leith's head has some heavy metaphysical discourses with another of ever's misfires, a mutant chained in the closet. meanwhile, the good doc prowls strip joints looking for a body worthy of his wife's gabby noodle. the ending, in uncut prints, features some ahead-of-its-time splatter and dismemberment when the zucchini-headed monster comes out of the closet to bring the movie to a welcome close. this thing took three years to be released and then, audiences gave it the bad reception it richly deserved. between this, plan 9 from outer space and a few others, 1959 should have been declared the year of the turkey.

a doctor who is trying to complete the medical dream of transplantation is experimenting secretly on corpses from the hospital with varying success. his final best chance comes when he lovingly wraps his girlfriend's head in his jacket as he rescues it from a burning vehicle.i was looking for cheese and with this premise i believed i found it. it has everything everything that bad movie hunters look for - chest and brain surgery with the surgeons leaving with pristine white scrubs, unique camera angles (i always love watching the rear passenger wheels of cars), cheesy clarinet stripper music, and one of the longest death scenes in movie history. but unfortunately these so-bad-they-are-good moments can't overcome the too-bad-they-stink stretches.jan in the pan annoyed me, with her droning monologues in a hoarse whisper, the somewhat less than evil laughter, and the fact she was kept alive with some columbian home brew coffee and 2 dd batteries.i couldn't even entertain myself with dr bill's horrid overacting and moral self righteousness. usually such ham makes these movies a must see in my opinion, in this case i was bored with it.the best part of the movie in my opinion was the 1960's version of "body shopping" and i even found myself nodding off during that.don't spend money on this one - there are better bad movies out there to entertain your sick sense of humor.

another movie that relies upon the trite, worn-out cliché of the mad scientist gone madder. the movie centers around a surgeon whose life's ambition is to bring the dead...back to life. i know, i know...you've never heard that one before! of course, as all of these movies go, the experiment goes very, very wrong and creates a maniacal, bloodthirsty creature. for this promising setup, you'd think that it'd be at least a bit suspenseful. wrong. like many movies of this era, the idea is nice, but the execution and the script is mediocre. not the worst horror movie i've seen (no, abominator: the evilmaker 2 still takes the cake)...but not one of the gems, either.

a demented scientist girlfriend is decapitated so he brings her head back to life. honest this is the plot of the movie. he try's to get her another body he searches through the sleaze area of town for that perfect body. for some reason he has ugly looking monster in a closet at his cabin. the sleaze style of the movie is laughable. no one in the movie can actually act including the head. the closet monster is a man with a mask tie on and you can really tell. the plot is slow, weak and the ending is so badly done. watch the mystery science theater 3000 version of this move. believe me folks i wouldn't watch this movie on its own.

neat premise. very unrealistic. what i learned from this movie is that speeding crazily out of control to go to the weekend cabin may not be the best idea after all. i loved how bill conveniently rolls out of the car and down the hill with no injury at all! unfortunately, the same can't be said for his gal. oh, and the police never seemed to find the car or trace the owner of the wreck.lots of dragged out scenes including a plain stripper (still have nightmares from that scene). poor assistant guy and his crummy useless hand. i admit i was intrigued to see what the mysterious "thing" was behind the door, but when it appeared, i just laughed. ha ha ha!! the girl really seemed sadistically angry about being revived. personally, i really would want a new body after an excruciating experience like that!

where the hell are all these uncharted islands where prehistoric monsters lurk, evil doctors perform their experiments, madmen hold the ultimate karate championship, and the uber-rich hunt humans for sport? i had no idea there were still so many uncharted islands out there, but if you take into account the number of movies that utilize one of these mysterious islands as a location, you'd have to assume that there are at least 50 of these suckers out there. it always winds up feeling so damned convenient and i immediately deduct points from any movie that uses this hackneyed device. hammerhead is the story of a mad scientist who is conducting experiments on one of these uncharted islands, so the movie already had a lot to make up for before it even began.the island in this movie used to belong to dr. moreau, but has recently been purchased by the re-animator himself, jeffrey combs. old jeffrey is doing some kind of cutting edge stem cell research, which has led him to start working with sharks while searching for a cure for cancer. if that sounds familiar, that's because this is roughly the same basic set-up as the smart shark facility in deep blue sea, not to mention a host of other nu image movies. so apparently, jeffrey's son was dying of cancer which prompted our mad doctor to start experimenting on his progeny. he did some kind of super fancy gene splicing and so forth, turning his son into a shark-man.william forsythe leads a crew of unknown actors to the island to look into the doctor's experiments. if someone would have given him a sailor's hat, william would have been a dead ringer for the skipper from gilligan's island. in typical bond villain fashion, the doctor decides that all of these intruders would make nice chum for his son. not chums, like buddies... chum, like shark food. so enter shark-boy who starts stalking the skipper and his cohorts all over the island. they, of course, make half-hearted attempts to escape and are thwarted over and over again while being chased by a guy in a rubber shark-man suit. the movie didn't make up any of the points that it lost for taking place on one of those dastardly deserted islands. it's funny that this movie is called hammerhead, it made me think of an old joke. why do you hit yourself in the head with a hammer? because it feels so good when you stop. that's pretty much how this movie is. the only reason to watch it is because it feels so good when it's over.

this movie wasn't absolutely atrocious, but it was pretty bad. the acting actually was pretty good! jeffrey combs did a pretty darn good job as the mad scientist, which is sort of his specialty if you don't know such things :d. bill forsythe .. well, i'm not exactly sure why he was in this film. he's way too good for this kinda stuff, and his role wasn't exactly demanding. i rented this on the strength of those two leads, and i wasn't really disappointed. i mean, heck, it's a movie about a half man/half shark. it ain't shakespeare folks. other than the plot, which is full of holes, and the poor dialogue, i would like to note that the cinematography also left many things to be desired. there were shots were they were trying to look "cool", but it ended up obscuring the scene or just coming off plain cheezy. they also blew it many times when they had decent dialogue and cut away prematurely before the person could even deliver the line. it was pretty bad. but if you are a jeffrey combs fan, this one is worth checking out. he gives a great performance and does what he can with the character. forsythe ain't bad either, and either is the female lead. heck if i can remember her name though. bottom line, i wouldn't otherwise waste your time.

this is a sad movie about this woman who thought her ex who she loved so much was probably dead, but really his scientist dad had just put a spell on him to turn him into this really cute shark-guy. kind of like in beauty and the beast. it could probably use a ballroom dance scene and maybe some singing candlesticks, but there are some pretty gross plants instead. they make this one girl really itchy, so she lets herself get eaten by the shark-guy instead of scratching through the whole movie. the scientist guy is a good dad who tries to reunite his fishy shark son with the woman he was engaged to, he even arranges for them to have private time for s-e-x, but the woman in this is a really shallow snob and thinks the shark-guy is an ugly, icky monster and wants nothing to do with him. she gave up on love! just because he was a shark! i thought it was pretty sad how all she had to do was kiss him and he'd turn back to normal and they'd live happily ever after, but it's not that kind of movie.

i am a lover of b movies, give me a genetically mutated bat and i am in heaven. these movies are good for making you stop thinking of everything else going on in your world. even a stupid b movie will usually make me laugh and i will still consider it a good thing. then there was hammerhead, which was so awful i had to register with imdb so i could warn others. first there was the science of creating the shark-man, which the movie barely touched on. in order to keep the viewers interested they just made sure there was blood every few minutes. during one attack scene the camera moved off of the attack but you saw what was apparently a bucket of blood being thrown by a stagehand to let you know that the attack was bloody and the person was probably dead (what fabulous special effects). back to the science, i thought it was very interesting that the female test subjects were held naked and the testing equipment required that they be monitored through their breast tissue. anyway this movie had poor plot development, terrible story, and i'm sorry to say pretty bad acting. not even william forsythe, hunter tylo or jeffrey combs could save this stinker.

as the faux-russian scientist says two-thirds of the way into the movie, "i came for the science." this pretty much sums up the reason i watched this movie - anything that involves a half-man, half-hammerhead shark definitely deserves a serious empirical investigation on the part of an impartial aspiring scientist. or, as they say in the biz, my girlfriend's brother had the remote and the rest is history. to say that the special effects were bad would be a disservice to the field of special effects. this is 2005, it is not that hard to film a car scene without a cheesy bluescreen background. yeah, this was charming and state of the art when hitchcock was filming "the birds" but in 2005 it just looks low budget. spare me the cheap attempt at sci-fi and do me the service of actually making an attempt at the willing suspension of disbelief.however, having seriously defamed the overall concept of this film, let me tell you again that, as sad as it may sound, this is probably worth your time. if nothing else, it is a tour de force of bad sci-fi - worth the education for the new movie buff and certainly worthy of a refresher course for those who have seen a few movies in their day.the crazy hunchback mad scientist with a hammerhead transceiver who thinks it is a good idea to spoon canfuls of blood into the nearby water makes me question not only the intelligence of mankind, but also the ability of "b" movie writers to come up with remotely plausible plot lines.this film also pretty much fulfills one of my longtime bad movie contentions - bad guys always wear sunglasses.if this weren't 2005, i would be deadset on the fact this film was some sort of insanely poor metaphor for the cold war. i mean, you might as well have khan on the bridge of a klingon bird of prey inserting leaches into chekhov's ear.one of the most moving lines of the movie is when the chick without the bra insists that the charlton heston lookalike, "wait for tom" as he is trying to lift the escape helicopter off the ground. the thing is, tom is wasting the bad sunglass guys with his never-ending banana clip attached to his kalashnikov, or ak-47, in layman's terms.as the mad scientist says near the end of the film, "my goal is to evolve the human species" - suffice it to say that this movie contributed only to a devolution of humankind. the faint freudian references uttered by the mad scientist as he prepping the female protagonist to be mated with a hammerhead shark are a simple reminder that even in the worst of science fiction we can all find something to laugh about.

i do admit that my review is from a 2006 point of view, nearly 30 years after the making of this movie and at the time of its conception, it may have been a brilliant horror/thriller movie.beginning on halloween night 1968, 6 year old michael commits the brutal murder of his 18 year old sister. michael is committed to a mental institution and 15 years later escapes and returns to his home town to murder again.from this point it is clear that the movie will follow a basic and rudimentary path that is highly predictable. the beginning of every scene is easily predictable in the way it will end whilst the music for each scene containing michael (the murderer) is exactly the same throughout the movie, thus alerting the viewer to the likely events to follow.for the horror/thriller enthusiast, there is a severe lack of blood/gore compared to modern day films although i am not akin to the amount that is displayed in this day and age. a happier medium could have been found.from a half hour into the movie, not one scene is unexpected. the acting for a horror/thriller film is fairly typical of the era and thus lacks any punch for the modern day enthusiast.a positive for the film is its lingering camera shots and dark lighting which creates a frightening atmosphere. a second positive would be the character of michael's doctor, who provides clues to the probability of where the story may lead.however, it is clear that the star, in jamie-lee curtis, is in the infancy stages of her acting career and thus fails to provide a truly frightened central victim.it is hard for me to rate this film as it was in its day, but from other horror/thriller films of indeed the 80s and to a lesser extent, the 90s, it falls far short of a truly great horror/thriller film.i suggest you move on and find a classic from the 80s. cheers!

perhaps one of the most overrated so-called horror classics ever made, halloween does feature the memorable michael myers and some great acting by jamie lee curtis.however, its rewatchability factor is very close to zero, as there is an unforgivable amount of time spent on dullness/culmination to the actual events.this is the sort of movie you can walk away from to microwave popcorn and not miss anything at all.how it spawned so many sequels, i will never comprehend.thank god rob zombie is remaking this. and generally, i hate remakes.surely he will more than compensate for all the random time-filling gaps with some quirky points of interest that the original severely lacks.this is a movie we feel we have to like, much like the way we're taught that we should enjoy dickens.don't assume this is a classic.

what the hell is in your minds ? this film sucks ! each minute i was getting more and more bored. i strove to watch the end because i hope something at least would at last happen ! but instead of that, i got amazed how dull the end was treated... what is this story about this bloody "bogeyman" ? how comes he doesn't die ? he is a bloody human being for god's sake ! a mere boy that killed his silly sister 15 years ago. then what ? his stay on a psychiatric hospital made him immortal ? this film a fascinatingly stupid... it's a must of silliness. i'm gonna resell it right now to some silly guy who will understand this silly film.

i can't quite say that "jerry springer:ringmaster" is the worst film i have ever seen. the film would be better off if it were, because at least the worst film i've ever seen, (prom night ii) interested me enough for me to hate it. my only reaction after leaving the theatre happened when i looked up at the clock and discovered that only 90 minutes had passed. it had seemed much more like years. it is an endless repetition of poor people, (or what jerry springer seems to believe poor people are), screwing each other, hitting each other, insulting each other, and then repeating the process with the same attention to duty the rest of us use when shampooing. the plot, which covers how a group of stupid people mangle their lives badly enough to provide grist for the jerry springer mill, advances solely because of the idiocy of the characters. this makes it impossible to care what happens to them. it never mattered to me whether they got on the show, or what they said, or who slept with whom. maybe i'm not supposed to care about them. maybe i'm supposed to look at them as some kind of comic type-- to see their outrageous behavior as inherently funny. too bad it isn't. the humor is not outrageous. it's innocuous. it's predictable. humor has to have something behind it, some kind of painful irony or life experience, in order to function. scatology is not wit. an example. a mother catches her daughter and her husband in bed. to take revenge she marches across the trailer park and gives oral sex to her daughter's boyfriend. since i was over the shock of jerry springer's show a long time ago, i had the same reaction i had to andrew dice clay's obscene nursery rhymes; not laughter, just yawning. lastly, i found springer's pose as a populist tiresome and unconvincing. if he really were an advocate of the poor, he would bring on a single mom from bed-sty to talk about trying to raise her kids in new york city on $12,000 a year. or, failing that, he would at least give the participants of his shows a cut of his profits. jerry springer gets millions for his shows, his movie, his book and videos. his guests just get round trip air fare, hotel accommodations, and a chance to humiliate themselves. if he liked poor people so much, he'd give them at least some of the money they earn for him. it appears that springer wanted to make this movie to grab some legitimacy for himself. jeez, with all his fine work, you'd think he'd have earned our respect already. anyway, the film is weak and boring. it doesn't even succeed at being offensive. if you want to have a better evening, videotape a bug zapper for a night and then watch that.

ok, let me say that i didn't expect a film starring jerry springer to be cinematic gold, all i asked for was it to be cinematic...and it wasn't even that. it looked like someone's bad home movies. poorly acted, scripted, and filled to the brim with nudity of the most unnattractive people i've ever seen.the film's "plot" focuses on a low-class family who decide to go on the "jerry farrelly show" to discuss multiple affairs between a mother, daughter, stepfather and the daughter's fiancee. from there, the movie fizzles and develops into a unique experience: white-trash pornography. there's redneck sex, interacial sex, even sex between jerry and his wife? (yuk!) this film encouraged me to want to run out of the theater and get a second circumcision. at least it was mercifully short. disgusting and degrading. african-americans and working class america should be offended. (howard stern should be pleased however, he didn't squander his attempt for film stardom. his was smart, funny and entertaining)my grade: f+ (the daughter was hot)

to preface this review, i must say that i was, i suppose, a little curious about this movie.. however, i probably would not have seen it had i not had my arm slightly twisted.in my opinion, this movie shows just how depraved man can be. in my eyes, the worst thing about this whole springer phenomenon is not that type of people on the "jerry springer show" act as they do (which in itself is eminently reproachable), but that many people are so curious and excited to watch them and hear about their lives (yes, i suppose that includes me.. to whatever extent it is true). if not glorifying that kind of behavior (as some might say) at the very least we may be subtly corrupting our minds and/or desenstizing ourselves to this type of behavior.but enough soapbox (sort of). here's the skinny: the movie has an r rating, and while it may deserve only that (i did look away at some scenes, so i'm not completely sure), i feel that an nc-17 (tip of the hat to the other reviewer) might be a little more appropriate for the immense sexual content (a cynic might comment that the movie was just one big excuse to show sex on the big screen). the plot is very bizarre, tying together the stories of an absolutely dysfunctional family and a group of stereotypical blacks upset who will appear on different springer shows. at the end, the movie leaves one with some resolvement- and springer rhetoric about the need for us to see the real world (evidently as seen through his show). i agree with him there- it is important to know how the world really is so that we can seek to effect positive change. having said that, let me just tell you- the world's pretty bad- glance in a newpaper or the news to see that, but let's not shell out good money to support the kind of sensationalistic and perhaps formulaic titallition that springer seeks to give us.

i love watching jerry as much as the rest of the world, but this poor excuse for a soft-core porno flick is needlessly offensive, lacks anything resembling wit, and serves merely as a vehicle of self-promotion for springer. even though it runs a quick 90 minutes, the film drags hideously, and i should have had the common sense to walk out. simply atrocious.

ringmaster, jerry springer's pathetic excuse for wasting film that should be recycled as toilet paper recently destroyed my confidence in the art of film. first of all, it was made. second of all, people went to see it. third, some people voted it the best movie they have ever seen. if a monkey could make a movie, i'm 100 percent sure that it would be 1 billion times as good. most crappy movies have their moments, (even godzilla had a few cool special effects) this film's moment was when i left the theater nauseated. the only thing that possibly could've made this movie any worse would be if jerry springer was the star. if i want to stare at crap for an hour and a half, i'll take a dump in a can. if anyone didn't utterly despise this movie, i pity you, and your children, and your children's children's children; however, contrary to springer's beliefs, i clearly don't condone children having sex.

please avoid this movie at all costs. this is without a doubt, the worst movie i've ever seen. most movies have at least one redeeming value. this has none. totally horrible!

meaning: if this movie got pitched, scripted, made, released, promoted as something halfway respectable given the constraints (yeah, i know, springer, sex, violence), where is he?reminded me of porn movies i saw in college, plot and dialogue wise.... shoulda just done something for the scurrilous porno market, showed penetration and be done with it-- would have made more money, the ultimate point of this exercise....

lets make a movie about a talk show that already exists and basically have everything that happens on the show! well if that idea doesn't intrigue you, which it shouldn't, stay away from ringmaster. i had the displeasure of seeing this in the theater and actually being able to sit through this mess of a movie. i guess jerry springer doesn't play himself as it shows from the cheap props for his show (yes it looks even cheaper than the real jerry springer show) and he is only known as jerry in the film. the plot (if you can call it that) is about a daughter while living with her mother decides to start sleeping with the mother's live in boyfriend. so the mother's brilliant idea is to call the jerry springer show as well as getting it on with her daughter's boyfriend. (is it any coincidence they live in a trailer park). meanwhile somewhere else in america a woman finds her cheatin' man with her friend in bed together. so of course call america's therapist jerry springer! i'd talk about the rest of the film but even thinking about the film now is giving me a headache. jamie pressly who plays the daughter looks totally unattractive in the movie. and remember michael dudikoff the kick ass karate master from the american ninja series? well take a look at him now as a white trash drunk. the thing is he really looks too horrible and out of shape to call it "getting in touch with his charecter". but if your idea of fun is seeing jerry springer sing a country song about his own show or guys hooking up with transvestites...well...just watch the show instead! ... at least steve was smart enough to stay out of this flick.

the only thing that kept me from vomiting after seeing this movie was the fact that these are just actors and not the freak show that usually appears on the tv show. this is also the main reason that fans of the tv show won't like the movie, but not the only reason. this movie has about as much entertainment value as getting a root canal. it approaches the abyssmal depths of bad movie making, and then gets even worse. i won't waste your time describing this movie in further detail; suffice it to say that i pity the poor camera people who had to suffer through watching this c**p the first time.

somebody could probably make a great documentary about the jerry springer show, but this fictionalized version merely succeeds in draining anything authentic and interesting out of the trash-tv phenomenon. there are dozens of famously bad movies (e.g. "manos: the hands of fate") that show more creativity and spirit than this dreary, witless waste of film.seriously, why not a documentary about the jerry springer show, that would begin to answer some of the real questions like: who are these people? what happens to their lives after they appear on this show? how did the mayor of cincinatti find himself here?one good line: during an "orientation" session for guests: "people, i can't emphasize this enough: no weapons!"

i'm not a regular viewer of springer's, but i do watch his show in glimpses and i think the show is a fine guilty pleasure and a good way to kill some time. so naturally, i'm going to watch this movie expecting to see "jerry springer uncensored." first of all, jerry appears in approximately twenty minutes of the film's running time. the other hour and twenty minutes is spent building up this pseudo-farce about trailer-trash, jealousy, incest and deception. jaime pressley (who looks hot as hellll) is a trailer-trash slut who sleeps with her stepfather (a very unusual-looking, chain-smoking, drunken michael dudikoff who finally strays from his action hero persona). the mom finds out about the affair, they get into a fight, they want to take it to the "jerry" show (that's right, no springer). and then we have a parallel story with an african-american couple. they take it to the "jerry" show. the characters collide. blah, blah, freakin' blah! trash has rarely been this borrringg!!!! i was wondering why the hell springer has millions of fans, yet none of them checked out his movie. well, now it's totally obvious!! whether you love him or hate him, you will hate this movie! how can i explain? it's a total mess of a motion picture (if that's what you call it). it's so badly edited, with scenes that just don't connect, and after a period of time the plot virtually disappears and it's simply all over the map! just imagine a predictable soap opera transformed into a comic farce. with seldom laughs. my only positive note is a hot girl-girl scene. that's as risque as it gets. don't get me wrong, the scene's pretty risque, but if you look at the overall film comparing it to the material on springer's program--this disastrous farce seems extremely sanitized.my score: 3 (out of 10)

this wasn't the major disaster that i was expecting, but that is about as positive as i can be in my description of the movie. i'm not sure what was meant to be funny about this movie, but i suppose it's all a matter of taste. personally, i don't find it funny to watch morons living their idiotic lives or making fools of themselves on television, but then again, i'm not a fan of jerry springer's pathetic daytime talk show. i didn't get too bored watching this, but i was definitely never enjoying it, either. if you're in the mood to see a bad movie, but one that isn't too painful to sit through, this is a good choice.

well, i hate hollywood, but love cinema so i have to watch these cruddy movies in theaters. and, i was hoping vanilla sky would be good. i was hoping that they would either keep the original "open your eyes" exactly the same, or they would make it their own. well, it happened to be a little bit of both, and it sucked.it started out good. i love radiohead. i wish there was more of that. but by the end we are listening to good vibrations by the beach boys. talk about a wide range of suck between. they had one or two good songs in the club and maybe a couple others, but why oh why did they have to blare gv during the climax. it was more annoying than confusing or blatant. especially when it has nothing to do with the plot. at least put some meaning behind the songs. kid a = primary. whatever.he also did a bang up job with the club scene. that was cool. otherwise the movie was one big ball of arrogance. as if audiences would get the movie. the ones that would get it read subtitles, and the rest won't. its as simple as that. the motivations got all screwed up. i didn't comprehend the diaz motivations (hadn't they done the chicken soup night before?) and some of the others. and i hate kurt russell. stay overboard. tom cruise can't act (especially in these types of movie [i.e. eyes wide shut]). and the elevator. i get it. anyways they tried improving the original with a crappy american rock soundtrack and crappy angles and good film print and glossy processing and it would have helped if crowe hadn't screwed it up.2/10 major disappointment.

a remake of alejandro amenabar's abre los ojos, but this time with a living, breathing mask as a lead. for the dubious advantage of an english sound track, we endure tom cruise's soulless performance, as usual, with zero depth. yes, the character is identified with his persona, but we usually are given some character underneath that to hold our interest. his empty posturing negates any erotic energy that could have been between his character and cruz or diaz.there is an acting exercise that involves using masks to free the actor to enrich his presentation of character by verbal and body language means. cruise's masking only painfully emphasizes his inadequacy as an actor. do see the 1997 original amenabar open your eyes!

class of '61 aspect ratio: 1.33:1sound format: stereoin 1861, class members from the west point academy are torn apart by the outbreak of the civil war.gregory hoblit's ok historical drama makes an obvious point - virtuous men are rendered blind by conflict - though the production seems a little stilted, despite authentic period detail and a cast of talented newcomers (clive owen, christien anholt, josh lucas, andre braugher, laura linney, etc.), toplined by dan futterman as a conscientious southerner who takes up arms in defence of slavery, pitting him in direct conflict with his former northern friends. the movie's emphasis on such a misguided - though sympathetic - character is particularly brave, but the drama is otherwise flat and superficial, and hoblit's direction is efficient rather than inspired.

'the vampire bat' is definitely of interest, being one of the early genre-setting horror films of the 1930's, but taken in isolation everything is a bit too creaky for any genuine praise.the film is set in a european village sometime in the 19th century, where a series of murders are being attributed to vampirism by the suspicious locals. there is a very similar feel to james whale's 'frankenstein' and this is compounded by the introduction of lionel atwill's dr niemann character, complete with his misguided ideas for scientific advancement.the vampire theme is arbitrary and only used as a red-herring by having suspicion fall on bat-loving village simpleton herman (dwight frye), thus providing the excuse for a torch-wielding mob to go on the rampage - as if they needed one.this is one of a trio of early horror films in which lional atwill and fay wray co-starred (also 'doctor x' and 'the mystery of the wax museum') and like their other collaborations the film suffers from ill-advised comic relief and a tendency to stray from horror to mainstream thriller elements. taken in context though, 'the vampire bat' is still weak and derivative.all we are left with is a poor-quality frankenstein imitation, with the vampire elements purely a device to hoodwink dracula fans. but for the title the film would struggle to even be considered as a horror and it is worth noting that director frank strayer was doing the 'blondie' films a few years later.

the vampire bat is set in the small german village of klineschloss where gustave schoen (lionel belmore) the burgermeister is holding a meeting with inspector karl brettschneider (melvyn douglas) from the local constabulary about all the recent murders, six victims have been discovered in as many weeks all drained of blood & bearing the same two puncture wounds on their necks. brettschneider doesn't have a single clue but the superstitious elders of the village believe the deaths to be the work of a vampire. brettschneider isn't convinced but the scared villagers keep telling tales of seeing a large bat, meanwhile the latest victim martha mueller (rita carlyle) has been found. brettschneider comes under increasing pressure to solve the murders but can he really believe that a giant vampire bat is responsible & if it is how's he going to stop it?directed by frank r. strayer the vampire bat was a cheapie from majestic pictures to cash in on the success of it's two stars atwill & wray & their success in the previous years doctor x (1932) & is more of a murder mystery rather than a horror as the exploitative & enticing title may have lead you to believe & quite frankly it's rather dull. the script by edward t. lowe jr. takes itself rather seriously & sets up the basic story that something is killing local villagers & that something could possibly be a vampire, then for most of it's duration the film focuses on brettschneider & his incompetent investigations which are, not to put too fine a point on it, boring. the vampire bat also has a bit of an identity crisis as it doesn't quite know what it wants to be, the title would suggest a horror film while the majority of it could easily be described as a thriller with the final few minutes descending into silly sci-fi. there is no vampire bat, the attempts to fool you are pathetic, all the character's are broad stereotypes & you can tell the villain of the piece straight away & as a whole there is nothing particularly exciting or entertaining about the vampire bat. i know it's old but that's not an excuse as cinema has moved on a lot since 1933 & a bland, flat, dull, boring & misleading film such as the vampire bat just doesn't cut it these days, just look at the original king kong (1933) released the same year & how brilliantly that still holds up today. i didn't like it & i doubt many modern film-goers would either, it's as simple & straight forward as that.director strayer doesn't do anything special but this is a case in point where i can cut the film some slack because of it's age, as a whole it's pretty much point, shoot & hope for the best stuff. there isn't much in the way of atmosphere or scares although some of the sets which were already existing ones taken from the old dark house (1932) & universal's european set on their back-lot are nice & add a certain ambiance to things.technically the vampire bat can't compare to anything even remotely modern, for the age of it it's alright i suppose but again i draw your attention back to the original king kong. speaking of king kong it's star fay wray has a role in this as does horror icon lionel atwill, i'll be kind & say the acting is ok.the vampire bat will i imagine fool a lot of people into thinking that it's a horror film about vampire bats when in fact it isn't, personally i thought the whole thing was a bit of a bore. it's short & it tells it's story reasonably enough but i must admit i'm not a fan.

boy what a dud this mess was.but it only lasts an hour and i only paid a buck for it so i'll live....unlike the entire cast of this 1933 clunker who are all dust by now.so anyway a small village starts having bodies turning up that have been drained of all their blood.the local yokels start talking about vampires ,of course,and a little more loudly after each body is found.the town sheriff or constable or whatever he is,played by awesome actor melvyn douglas,tries to tell them otherwise.when he mentions the fact that the dead have one large hole on each side of the neck,instead of two holes close together, the locals simply then say it's a giant vampire bat.the constable insists that vampires do not exist and it must be a human culprit doing the killings.but melvyn doesn't seem too bothered either way.he spends most of his time trying to get into the pantaloons of his sweetie,played by faye wray.also in this mix is the town simpleton,played by dwight frye,who always seemed to have played the same role in every movie he did.he further freaks out the townspeople by catching bats and drinking his own blood.lionel atwill plays the town doctor who seemingly is trying to help the constable solve the crimes.and boy does he ever stink as an actor.atwill is as close to cardboard in this role as he could get.and lionel barrymore is also in this thing....lots of big names to be such a pile of guano.other than the terrible mis-title this movie has,the alternate name,"the blood sucker" is much better,this movie is also dull and plodding and just silly.for me the high point of the movie is watching frye,he nails the freaky town weirdo but other than him this movie didn't offer much.and then when you find out the reason for the strange deaths and see the special effect thing that required all this blood you'll really be let down.bela lugosi did a lot of awful pictures but at least he was fun and interesting to watch.think of this movie as a really bad lugosi clunker without lugosi and you'll get a feel for how miserably bad this mess was.if you can't make a good 1930's horror film at least put lugosi in it.

it's the nature of businesses to try to capitalize on others' success. here we have a movie taking elements from the earlier 'dracula' (1931) and 'frankenstein' (1931) -- in a germanic town the village leaders believe that vampires (in the shape of bats) have been the cause of recent deaths of bloodless victims. even though shot at universal (and at the bronson caves!) it's a poverty row feature; it's not fair to compare it with those earlier, more expensively made and superior films.from the familiar and exciting, chilling music of the main titles (which must have been by mischa bakalienikoff), through the talky but well done opening sequence, we anticipate the arrival of lionel atwill, fay wray and dwight frye to give us a good 30s mystery film. unfortunately, it doesn't happen. that's the disappointment.we get little more than the formulaic elements of such films but with slow pacing, low budget, not enough of dwight frye, the overdone presence of maude eburne (aunt gussie), and the premise for lionel atwill (dr. von niemann) to require human blood or how he exhibits mind control over his servant emil (robert frazier) never made very clear.do not watch the technicolor 'dr. x' (1932) -- which also stars lionel atwill and fay wray but as father and daughter -- before watching this the way i did; it's an oscar winner by comparison. so watch this one first. structurally, 'the vampire bat' still isn't that good. it plods along with too much talking or unnecessary comic relief, without focusing strongly on the vampiric villainy.besides 'dr. x' and 'mystery of the wax museum' (both 1932 and co starring fay wray), lionel atwill's most famous appearances are as the one armed gendarme in 'son of frankenstein' (1939) and as moriarity in 'sherlock holmes and the secret weapon' (1943). dwight frye steals all his manic scenes in 'dracula' (1931). as the 'young lovers,' melvin douglas and fay wray have a nice kissing scene, but that's about it. he can be seen in 'the old dark house' (1932), and fay gets dragged around by joel mccrea in 'the most dangerous game' (1930). then there's her 1933 classic 'screamer.' too bad more time, money and rewrites weren't available for this film to better showcase the talents and chemistry of lionel atwill, fay wray and dwight frye. sadly, then, this drearily disappointing film only gets a 4.

think "stage play". this is worth seeing once for the performances of lionel atwill and dwight frye. compare the melvyn douglas in "ghost story" with the melvyn douglas of this film. are there vampires at loose in this 'bavarian' village, or is there a more natural, albeit equally sinister, explanation? dwight frye is herman, a red herring, who is cast as an especially moronic character. it's fun to look at his different facial expressions in what is really a stock character. not much happens for a long time, but then we discover that atwill's pipe smoking doctor is the real murderer. there is too much 'comic relief' but that is par for the course for this era. fay wray looks really good.

"when a small bavarian village is beset with a string of mysterious deaths, the local (magistrate) demands answers into (sic) the attacks. while the police detective refuses to believe the nonsense about vampires returning to the village, the local doctor treating the victims begins to suspect the truth about the crimes," according to the dvd sleeve's synopsis.an inappropriately titled, dramatically unsatisfying, vampire mystery.curiously, the film's second tier easily out-perform the film's lackluster stars: stoic lionel atwill (as otto von niemann), skeptical melvyn douglas (as karl brettschneider), and pretty fay wray (as ruth bertin). the much more enjoyable supporting cast includes bat-crazy dwight frye (as herman), hypochondriac maude eburne (as aunt gussie schnappmann), and suspicious george e. stone (as kringen). mr. frye, ms. eburne, and mr. stone outperform admirably. is there another movie ending with a mad rush to the bathroom? magnesium sulfate… epsom salts… it's a laxative! **** the vampire bat (1933) frank strayer ~ dwight frye, melvyn douglas, maude eburne

and the oscar for the most under-rated classic horror actor goes to - dwight frye. seriously his name should be stated with the same awe as karloff, lugosi, and price, and this movie proves it. his character herman was one of the 2 reasons i can give to watch this movie. dwight gave this somewhat more than slightly disturbed misfit a lovable yet creepy demeanor that led you hoping for a larger role the entire movie.the other reason is the comic relief of m. eburne. being in the medical profession myself i have to give kudos to the expert performance of a self-pity prone hypochondriac. though other "medical mistakes" did give a brief chuckle especially when the good doctor samples his fellow physicians medication... "well continue giving it to her" unfortunately these 2 outstanding performances could not keep me awake through 3 attempts of sitting through this unbearably slow movie. the plot is predictable with only few minor twists. the filming while pulling off a legitimate spooky atmosphere was more productive at making me yawn - yes you can use too much shadow.my recommendation - watch this once to see frye and eburne - but only when wide awake and with lots of caffeine.

now, i won't deny that when i purchased this off ebay, i had high expectations. this was an incredible out-of-print work from the master of comedy that i so enjoy. however, i was soon to be disappointed. apologies to those who enjoyed it, but i just found the compleat al to be very difficult to watch. i got a few smiles, sure, but the majority of the funny came from the music videos (which i've got on dvd) and the rest was basically filler. you could tell that this was not al's greatest video achievement (that honor goes to uhf). honestly, i doubt if this will ever make the jump to dvd, so if you're an ultra-hardcore al fan and just have to own everything, buy the tape off ebay. just don't pay too much for it.

well that's 90 minutes of my life i won't get back. this movie makes teen tv show "california dreams" look like "almost famous". the acting was horrid and storyline unrealistic. don't even get me started on the actual band at the forefront of this story, lame songs, look etc.. you had to believe that they were one of the hottest bands in the country, and there isn't enough irony in the world to accept that one. the guitarist is seen to be a heroin user, not that i blame him, if i was around such a putrid band with stale songs and wooden acting i'd be injecting the horse too.if you take music remotely seriously, avoid this at all costs.

when setting out this film, director mary harron seemingly had the goal of clearly documenting the progress of bettie page's career, from early modelling days to leaving modelling to go back home after the senate hearings on juvenile delinquency and her religious rediscovery in the 50s, and so intent is she to get all of these facts on screen in the time allowed she seems to have missed out on taking any time to explain anything in depth.when you think of someone who had page's career you'd think that there would be plenty to discuss, her reasons, decisions, life event, personal traumas, but harron avoids any kind of personal exploration of the character. in the first fifteen minutes or so of the film there are brief hints of child abuse, domestic violence and a gang rape, but these are all rushed past and then never referred to again. you get the impression that harron and guinevere turner (co-writer) wanted to gloss over anything that wasn't glamorous and flattering. you go into this film expecting to gain an insight into who the person behind the posters was, but all you are given is a list of things that she did and recreations of some of her most famous photo shoots.all in all the film really frustrates you as you watch, desperately waiting for some extra layer to reveal itself. how did she balance her religion with her job? what made this young tennessee girl move from modelling into bondage photography. the film simply shows her going to another modelling agency and putting on whatever she's told, but surely it would have involved some shock and deliberation, this was after all the 50s.it seems to me that harron is trying to make a point about how tame all this is by today's standards (page never took any photos of explicit sexual actions) and how the reaction some gave this kind of thing was really overzealous and although this is true, she never actually makes it seem sordid in the eyes of others. today we look at a young girl posing topless and think nothing off it, but we should have got some sort of feeling about how shocking it would have been to a contemporary audience. this woman was a central part of a senate hearing on juvenile delinquency, but no one is ever really shown as shocked.basically i left this film just thinking how tame it was. harron and turner have managed to avoid anything that might be unpleasant to a viewer. they come across as two lifelong fans of miss page and are desperate to make sure that nothing, absolutely nothing, could possibly put a bad light on their heroine, and have therefore avoided any in depth probing into who she really was. (before and after her career there are reports of her violent nature and mental problems) and all that's left is the string of events that made up her career, without any substance whatsoever behind it.

i have only seen gretchen mol in two other films (girl 6, donnie brasco), and don't really remember her, but she did a great job as a naive girl who posed for pictures because it made people happy.she really didn't think what she was doing was wrong, even when she left the business and found her religion again.the photos she made were certainly tame by today's standards, and it is funny seeing men with cameras get all excited, and politicians pontificating on the evils of pornography. david strathairn (good night, and good luck) played a super part here.mary harron (american psycho) wrote and directed an outstanding biopic of the most famous pinup girl ever.

who is bettie page? i certainly didn't find out while watching this movie. from what i have gathered from other sources, ms. page was highly in demand in the post-world war ii period as the queen of "naughty" pictures and that is exactly what this film depicts. i never did get to know bettie, the woman, though. her childhood in tennessee was a combination of an evangelical christian upbringing and a sordid home life which is only hinted at. the film glosses over her personal life and gets right down to the purpose of the film, the "naughty" pictures. characters are introduced and abandoned within a few frames but there is frame after frame of bettie in her pointy bras, bettie in her girdle and stockings, bettie in bondage...etc. the movie slides from black and white to color every time ms. page visits miami beach. then back to her shades of gray life in new york we go. gretchen mol portrays bettie as one of the most dimwitted young ladies you could ever meet. when bettie confides to a friend that she missed being her high school valedictorian by getting an a- rather than an a one can only assume that there were only two students in her senior class. the most interesting part of this movie is how quaint ms. page's "naughty" photos seem in 2007. it is truly sad that seeing a woman trussed up like a pig on a spit wouldn't even get a hit on my space or you tube. i'm not sure if this movie was written poorly or if some crazed editor cut the thing to shreds. i would only recommend it as a source for persons studying the history of odd undergarments.

sadly, marry harron decided to do a fictional account of bettie page's life to go along with her own issues with men. as typical in all her work, every major male character is portrayed as weak, bumbling, or twisted. to add to her fiction, she projects ideas and issues that are not true, according to bettie page herself. bettie did not leave the biz because she thought it was morally wrong or had religious issues (though she became a born-again later in life, through the influence of her 3rd husband- a minister). she left it, because she was in her late 30's, her acting career had gone nowhere and she felt she was losing her looks. the hints of molestation and rape are unvalidated and denied in bettie's own words and are the director's attempts to claim that any woman who did what bettie did must have been victimized by men. harron fails to point out that bettie designed her own clothes in almost all her shoots (not handed to her by "sick" fetishists). harron also fails to make a point that bunny yeager, who did many famous photo shoots of bettie, also did many "naughty" shoots with bettie and was not the morally upright professional photographer portrayed in the film.the only saving grace is gretchen mol looks very much like bettie. otherwise, there are other movies and documentaries more accurate and honest to her life and the people in it.

the ultimate goal of big brother, that we know what to think before we think it, has been realized. is it some kind of miracle, or sinister joke, that people don mental straight jackets of their own volition, twist themselves into contorted shapes, and grin like apes? movies, art, no longer risk the unknown, but are forgone conclusions, drained of life."the notorious bettie page" is a bland case history, fit for a freshman college feminism course. its lesson is schematic, right-angled and linear: "see how women are objectified, exploited, abused, then tossed on the trash heap, by a male-dominated society."bettie page, supposedly, was the "pin-up queen of the 1950's," the ass millions of men ejaculated to. (all reviewers repeat that phrase, "pin-up queen of the 1950's," like a choir of monkeys.) her history as an american sex bomb is familiar: southern, abused by her father, raped, etc. in this movie she is a naïf, an innocent unaware of the prurient interests she serves and shamelessly profits from. although she believes in jesus, she enjoys frolicking nude before a camera lens -- just the wholesome girl-next-door sex-slave american males supposedly fantasize.from the mouth of writer-director mary harron herself, oxford-educated and ex-punker (do you smell the combined rot of privilege and "hipness" as i do?): "i feel that without feminism, i wouldn't be doing this. ... i don't make feminist films in the sense that i don't make anything ideological. but i do find that women get my films better." what a cozy clique.the movie merely goes through the motions of telling the story of a human life, it's subject and purpose having been eulogized and interred well before the movie began. ms. page has a boyfriend, but we are shown next to nothing about their relationship. in fact, there are no intimate or detailed relationships in the film. one can't ignore its smug simplicity. in new york, where ms. page tries her best to fit into and appease a man's world, letting herself be tied up in the ropes of bondage and tightly laced into the black leather boots and bodices of s & m, the movie is black and white. but down in miami, where she goes to get away from it all, gleefully takes off her clothes, and is photographed by a "liberated" female, the movie turns into color.like hell harron doesn't "make feminist films," doesn't "make anything ideological." ideology has become so internalized, so assumed, so programmed, that it's almost invisible. big brother must be smiling.

"the 700 club" has to be the single most bigoted television program in the history of television itself. to make matters worse, it's been on the air since 1966, implying that thousands if not millions of people are buying into its hate and lies. headed by pat robertson, the unscrupulous, megalomaniacal founder and leader of the christian coalition, "the 700 club" takes us from misinformation to misunderstanding, broadcasting "news" as they like to think of it and trying to convince its audience that all of the world's problems are to blame on homosexuals, wiccans, new age spiritualists, muslims, jews, hindus, non-fundamentalist christians, democrats, single mothers, foreigners, feminists, evolutionists, environmentalists, nasa scientists, and anyone else who doesn't share their fanatical religious views. it's actually the best fake news since "the daily show" or the "weekend update" segment of "saturday night live," or since "fox news," for that matter. of course, pat's always the one who makes each of the decisions, saying whatever comes to mind and not giving a damn who it offends or hurts. in the meantime, he continues his part in the struggle to transform the united states into a militarized police state by having the religious wrong stick their noses in everything they can and asking for one donation after another - no less than a measly $100 to become a member, by the way - to fund pat's african diamond mines and buy oil from companies reprimanded by the government in the past for their abuse of the environment. no, never mind that pat was good friends with the genocidal dictators of zaire and zimbabwe in order to help him acquire such wealth; it's all for the greater glory of god, don't you know? and of course, the hosts of "the 700 club" are always willing to read letters "written by viewers" as they like to put it, coincidentally each typed in the same format and all on the same color of paper by "viewers" supposedly healed of various afflictions by the said hosts (they claim to have "words of knowledge" come to them) but who never appear on the program to say what happened to them. honestly, how can anyone take a show seriously when they're using a poor applause recording? it should make people wonder why there's no studio audience.the sad thing that pat's cronies and viewers don't realize or just don't want to realize are the horrible things he's done and said. this is a guy who agreed with jerry falwell that the september 11, 2001 terrorist attacks on the united states were the result of god punishing us for our acceptance of homosexuality and feminism. ironic, considering that pat has twice publicly referred to the implementation of a nuclear weapon in the state department; i have little doubt it was his wealth that kept him from getting arrested for such statements. his rants against homosexuals, single mothers, and any number of sexual practices he considers "sinful" are interesting, considering he was known to frequent a number of brothels during the korean war. as the bible says, be fruitful and multiply, so congratulations, pat - thanks to you, there's probably a number of children born to single korean mothers. then, of course, there was the time he called for the assassination of venezuelan president hugo chavez (not that he's a saint, but still). oh, yes, and let's not soon forget the time this "crusader for human life" supported forced abortions in china. very "christian" of him, wouldn't you say?and just in case pat has forgotten, i haven't forgotten his little speech that evangelical christians today are "being treated exactly as the jews were in nazi germany." honestly, to compare his "plight" to the horrors of the holocaust is almost unforgivable. speaking of which, need i mention about how he blatantly lied that homosexuality ran rampant among the nazi party in a pathetic attempt to discredit homosexuals? of course, history shows us that the nazis acted toward homosexuals the same way they acted toward jews. pat robertson is one of the biggest liars in history. if he was pinocchio, his nose would encircle the earth.unfortunately, more and more people continue to believe him every day. this is your wake-up call, people; "the 700 club" is one of the most if not the single most vile program in television history. it's evil masquerading as good; it's a wolf-in-sheep's-clothing. it's bigoted filth that tries to look clean, pretty, and loving. it's living proof that hateful, dangerous religious views aren't confined to certain groups in the middle east. even those who are not of the christian faith know that it goes against everything jesus taught, and if jesus was to appear to this "club," he wouldn't be emulating them. instead, he'd be chastising them as he did the pharisees of his time and overturning the money bins of their telethons as he did in front of the synagogue in his time. all i can say is thank god that pat had no chance of becoming president; if he did, he'd be the harbinger of armageddon - and not on the side of the good guys.

does anyone think that this show actually helps some people, or does it only anger the people who watch it? when i am flipping through the channels and come upon this show i half to watch out of morbid curiosity. i understand that pat roberson is not all together. what i do not know is if his viewers are like him or if they are good people and think they will have a better life if they listening to what he has to say. pat roberson is of little consequence. he is an old man who thinks in an old way. fear of damnation no longer has the same affects as it once did (thank god). now if someone will please answer my question i will be dodging lightning bolts for the rest of eternity.

hear are some of the interesting things our combat hero faith healer pat, his son gordon (t.v. ministry seems like a family business.) and terry meeuwsen (won miss america in 1973 by wearing a swimsuit and showing her legs. oh my goodness gracious!) say when our poor viewers are sick and need help.1. someone with an "abscessed right tooth"has just now been healed.2. someone with "twisted intestines" has been healed.3.then terry said there was a person with a "strange condition",(you mean god doesn't know?) a burning in the legs,who has just been healed.4. then gordon said there's a man(that narrows it down!) with swelling of the sinuses in his right cheek, with much pain behind the right eye,but he is now healed.5.someone with a problematic right hip,limited mobility from a stroke, is now able to walk. 6. terry said she saw someone with severe with severe stiffness in the neck bone, but didn't know the exact ailment(god doesn't know?)-that the person is now healed. 7. someone paralyzed on the right side, particularly(not exactly?!) the right side of the face has now been healed.8. a man (that narrows the world population down again.) with a plate in his skull is having a continual problems, and the doctors just don't know what to do. terry said she saw the bone reforming around the plate(the funny bone?!)and the mans pain is gone,he was now healed.hers how our war hero pat helps our sick and poor people. 1. there's a woman in kansas city (missouri or kansas but that narrows it way down.) who has a sinus the lord is drying it up now thank you jesus. 2. there's a man with a financial need- i think a hundred thousand dollars.(i think their god needs to go to school or something!) that need is being met met right now,and within three days,the money will be supplied through the miraculous power of the holy spirit.thank you jesus. 3.there is a woman in cincinnati with cancer of the lymph nodes. i don't know whether its been diagnosed yet (ask your vengeful god pat!) but you haven't been feeling well, and the lord is dissolving that cancer right now!(what?!)4. there is a lady in saskatoon(i assume canada.) in a wheelchair-curvature of the spine, the lord is straightening that our right now, and you can stand up and walk!(if you have this condition ignore pat!) just claim it and it's yours. thank you jesus! amen, amen!when pat robertson had prostate cancer did he go to peter popoff?, oral roberts?,benny hinn?,terry or gordon? no! on february 17,2003 pat went to a real doctor to have his surgery! (you mean he doesn't trust his faith healing friends, terry or his own son gordon?!)when lt pat robertson was in the marines during the korean war he was a liquor officer, responsible for keeping the officers supplied with liquor. he was known to drink himself and frequent prostitutes and he feared he contacted gonorrhea.(should of asked a faith healer for help!)the reason pat got out of combat was because his daddy absalom willis robertson (d va from 1946-66) was chairman of the senate military appropriations committee.terrorist attacks, september 11, 2001 we have imagined ourselves invulnerable and been consumed by the pursuit of health, wealth,(pats worth between 150 and 200 million dollars folks!) material pleasures(a mansion in virginia beach virginia with a helicopter launching pad!) and sexuality(he had had sex with his future wife before marriage which they had a son!). it (terrorism) is happening because god is lifting his protection from us.( statement released on september 13, 2001.) pat robertson reminds me of burgermeister on santa claus is coming to town and his evil vengeful god reminds me of venger on dungeons and dragons.spoiled brat gordon does what daddy pat tells him to and terry is a paid yes woman who neither have minds of their own!this will really grab you! the september 5 2005 edition of the 700 club included a report christian broadcasting network correspondent gary lane from outside new orleans convention center which has housed mostly impoverished black disaster victims throughout the weekend."a number of possessions left behind suggest the mindset of some of the evacuees"lane said"they include this voodoo cup with the saying"may the curse be with you." a shot of a plastic cup souvenir cup from one of the new orleans countless trinket shops appeared on the screen. "also music cds with the title guerrilla warfare and thugs 'r' us." lane stated, pointing out a pile or rap cds strewn on the ground.( his bigoted daddy absalom has taught pat racism well!)if any of you good people ever think of donating to these sexist bigoted people please in the name of god don't! sponsor a softball or basketball team,give to a food shelf, be a big brother or sister to a child but please don't give to these people because they have been around for over 40 years and solved nothing.if you still don't believe me type pat robertson overheard during commercial break on the web and hit search and once you hear what hes really like, i know for sure that you will not give one cent to these conning liars! and by the way terry once had a divorce and pat has talked against divorce many times on his shows.i like to say hello to the folks in dover pennsylvania, orlando florida, and to the nice folks who got hit by hurricane katrina and i hope its a pleasant day. has operation blessing been helpful to new orleans?(i doubt it!) please let our readers know! i do! by the way folks if your sick, go to a real doctor and lets everybody laugh at these liars and someday burgermeister pat,gordon and terry can go someplace else and take their angry god venger with them!

except people apparently buy into this garbage! as shows like "moral orel" have shown, even if you tried to make the most outrageous, over-the-top parody of evangelism you could possibly think of, it wouldn't come close to the hilarity of this show. it's hard to tell what's even going on when you're watching it. is it a news show? a talk show? who knows!? they start out by reporting on various international news stories, but at seemingly random points, the news is interrupted by this odd, troll-like little man with a forehead bigger than his entire face, mumbling and laughing and generally being creepy.pat robertson doesn't even seem like such a bad guy at first glance. he just seems like a senile, yet harmless old coot stuck in his archaic beliefs (like most of our grandparents). but this is a man who has called for an assassination, who has befriended and offered aid to not one, but two murderous dictators, who has illegally used donation money to run diamond mines, who has supported forced abortions in china, and who regularly implies that caucasians (straight american male caucasians in particular) are superior to all other races.still, this would all be funny, except that he apparently has a large enough fan base to keep his little show on the air 40 years later (either that, or enough money to bribe some tv executives who don't give a damn what they show). the idiocy of the show becomes alarming when you realize that some people, somewhere, must be watching it and hanging onto every word. even when robertson has repeatedly shown how corrupt he is, people still listen to him. i don't know if it's funny or scary. i guess a healthy mixture of both.

i don't believe there has ever been a more evil or wicked television program to air in the united states as the 700 club. they are today's equivalent to the ku klux klan of the 20th century. their hatred of all that is good and sweet and human and pure is beyond all ability to understand. their daily constant attacks upon millions and millions of americans, as well as billions of humans the world over, who don't happen to share their bigoted, cruel, monstrous, and utterly insane view of humanity is beyond anything television has ever seen. the lies they spout and the ridiculous lies they try to pass off as truth, such as the idea of "life after death" or "god" or "sin" or "the devil" is so preposterous that they actually seem mentally ill, so lost are they in their fantasy. sane people know that religion is a drug and shouldn't let themselves get addicted to that type of fantasy. however, the 700 club is in a class by itself. they are truly a cult. while i believe in freedom of speech, they way they spread hatred, lies, disinformation, and such fantastic ideas is beyond all limits. i hope that one day the american psychiatric association will finally take up the study of those people who delude themselves in this way, people who let themselves sink so deeply into the fantasy land of religion that they no longer have any real concept of reality at all. treatment for such afflicted individuals is sorely needed in this country, as so many people have completely lost their minds to the fantasy of religion. the 700 club though, is even more horrible as it rises to the legal definition of 'cult' but due to the 700 club's vast wealth (conned daily from the millions of americans locked in their deceitful grip) they are above the law in this country. for those of you who have seen the movie "the matrix" you know that movie was a metaphor for religion on earth: the evil ones who are at the top of each of the religions who drain the ones they have trapped and cruelly abuse for their own selfish purposes, and those millions who are held in a death sleep and slowly being drained of their life force represent those many people who belong to religions and who have lost all ability to perceive what is really going on around them.in less civil times, the good townsfolk would have run such monsters as those associated with the 700 club out of town with torches and pitchforks. but in today's world where people have lost all choice in their choices of television that is presented to them, we have no way to rid ourselves of the 700 club plague. the television ratings system and the "v" chip on tv's should also have a rating called "r" for religion, so that rational people and concerned parents could easily screen such vile intellectual and brutal emotional rape, such as presented by the 700 club every day all over our country, from themselves and their children.

this movie made me feel as if i had missed some important scenes from the very beginning. there were continuity errors and plots that stopped as abruptly as they started. i was very disappointed because i love whoopi goldberg & danny glover, in addition to that have always trusted & respected danny glovers taste in his choice of roles, "grand canyon" for example. i just could not finish this movie, after what seemed an eternity, but was probably just a little over an hour; we had to turn it off. there was no comedy, there was nothing about the characters to make you empathize or sympathize with them, there was no evoking of emotion at all regarding this movie and the clips of their past were poorly edited, confusing, and unnecessary. what could have been a great idea for a movie, even as a drama & not a comedy (although i think a comedy in this situation would have been better, because i love to watch white people freak out & start acting like complete idiots, it makes me laugh) became a waste of my $1 credit at the video store.

i find myself wondering what the people who gave this a 10 saw in it that i didn't. this movie has a very hard time following and/or staying to a plot. if someone tells you it's a comedy, don't be fooled, it's about 98% percent odd-drama and 2% comedy. all actors turn in a great performance, that cannot be denied, however it seems like it really lost something somewhere. don't know if the original script was good and it had to be edited down or what. this had potential, and instead it was really a flop. i would really like the hour and a half i invested in this movie back, but the video rental place doesn't do returns on time. save your money and see something else.

i was true to my regard for mr. glover and ms. goldberg. i watched the entire film with my family and some friends. i have no idea what the movie was about. after much discussion, we all agreed that this was not one of their better efforts.it doesn't hang together very well. it is too choppy, and there is little comedy. i am disappointed. it could have been much better.i waited months to see this film based on the liner notes.don't waste your money unless you are a completist and just want to see all of mr. glover's and ms. goldberg's films.it was a poor way to spend an evening.

ok, the box looks promising. whoopi goldberg standing next to danny glover parodying the famous farmer and his wife painting. then you pop this baby in the dvd player and all hope is lost in less then five minutes. supposed to be a comedy. and i must admit i did laugh once about ten minutes before the ending. this movie has the following elements: a battered and abused next door neighbor, a boring legal trial, racisim, talk of lynchings, and death and arson. hilarious, huh? no, please, if you never listen to anyone's reviews, please do here. you cannot even force yourself to watch this crap. crap! i said it, crap! whoever put there name on this should indeed sue.

i have a high tolerance for the weird, but frankly some movies go way, way beyond weird--so far that they make your brain hurt. this is such a film. trying to understand it or even explain it is impossible and i think the film is best understood while taking drugs--it's that incomprehensible.the film begins with some very cute japanese animation involving a cat. however, out of the blue, tons of twisted and occasionally disturbing things occur--making me wonder if i am losing something in the translation. however, even if this is so, why did we need to be treated to images of a magic trick involving dismembering a lady with a clever, defecation, puking, lighting animals on fire, etc.. all this really seemed random and pretty awful. oddly, and i don't know why, some see this as a work of genius. i just don't get that.

this was a truly insipid film. the performances are third rate, and the dialogue is so stilted that at times it seemed to have just rolled over and died. my reason for renting this was simple: find a movie with scriptwriting. i needed a visual aid for my presentation, so i figured why not use a clip? boy was i wrong. after searching my local video store, i came upon this, where it was suspiciously titled "starstruck". i thought, "what the hey", and decided to give it a try. well, i was very unhappy with my results. there was maybe one scene i could use, and meanwhile, i was practically falling asleep because of the sheer banality of the flick. so.....i took this back and picked up ed wood. there's a movie i can use as an example. then again, anything would be presentable compared to the drivel that is "starfucker".

the acting may be okay, the more u watch this movie, the more u wish you weren't, this movie is so horrible, that if i could get a hold of every copy, i would burn them all and not look back, this movie is terrible!!

this is one of those movies where i wish i had just stayed in the bar.the film is quite frankly boring. what story there is is very flimsy and you pretty much have to guess at it. the film indulges itself with pretentious camera techniques that seem intent on causing migraines and makes it look like a student film. did i say it was boring already? if all the characters had suddenly died at the end of the movie i would not have cared less as i had no emotional attachment to any of them.there are about 4 good minutes in this movie, but that was about it. this is the first time i have ever considered walking out of a cinema during a performance, but i held on believing that it had to get better. i was wrong.the sort of film you could threaten naughty children with.

shintarô katsu gained tons of fame playing the wonderful character, zatoichi. the zatoichi films had a weird and unbelievable concept--a blind guy is the greatest swordsman in japan and spends each movie righting wrongs and exacting retribution on evil doers. he's a heck of a nice guy and the films are exciting and addictive (i've actually seen every movie). it is because of this i saw this final installment of the hanzo the razor series, as i assumed it would be very similar....and boy was i wrong! it turns out that the hanzo films are extremely sexual in nature and they also promote the rape of "women who deserve it". you see, hanzo is a policeman from the meiji period and he regularly takes evil women into custody and interrogates them by violently raping them with his "penis of steel". how he made his member so strong is something you have to see to believe, but it certainly is not for the squeamish.overall, i just can't recommend anyone sees these violent and misogynistic films. however, from looking at the other reviews, i can see that they are still very popular...and that is pretty scary. despite some decent acting and amazing fight scenes, the films just are like brain pollution--and i'd hate to imagine how the films might have contributed to violence towards women.

plot synopsis: when his wife, a news reporter, is kidnapped & replaced with an android double, secret service agent eric phillips tracks her down & uncovers a plan by an arms dealer to create an army of invincible androids to assassinate world leaders.i wasn't expecting much when i first saw this sequel to richard pepin's low-budget sci-fi / action hybrid "cyber tracker". that film was nothing special, not to mention a blatant rip-off of both "the terminator" & "robocop". this sequel is the same as before, with an all-out action sequence opening the film. there are plenty of explosions, heavy gunfire & a huge bodycount, as well as some martial-arts moves courtesy of the film's star, don "the dragon" wilson. the whole film seems like a series of action scenes strung together with minimal plot. on the acting front, wilson is a bad actor. he really needs a personality transplant.

years have gone by since don wilson used his martial arts expertise to take down a robot who was programmed to destroy him, he's also married to the blonde reporter (stacie foster) who led the rebellion in the first film, now a new conspiracy is in the works, one that involves look-alike droids who frame our two heroes, and a corporation looking to rule the world (there is no plot to back any of this up) and cyber tracker 2 becomes a virtual replay of the first movie. i admit that i have bought dvds from the bargain bin that were made by pm, pm was a company that specialized in cheap-jack action flicks (like this) which had tons of explosions, little story and overall nothing but mean edged action. some of these titles have been (mildly) enjoyable (last man standing and the sweeper) however cyber tracker 2 is stuck with the casting of the charisma-less don wilson. when comparing the protagonists of similar pm efforts both jeff wincott and c. thomas howell are oscar nominees when compared to don wilson. another telling sign is that this was directed by richard pepin who has none of the flair joseph merhi seems to have in crafting action sequences that feel much more expensive than their budgets. then again though both c. thomas and wincott are probably more expensive to obtain. cyber tracker 2 is a rip off with a capitol r, there are so many steals from better movies (robocop, terminator, universal soldier to even halloween iii!) that it's almost as if richard pepin is trying to infuse a sense of identity to the pedestrian material yet without the intelligent ideas or at least the mindless zip of great action, cyber tracker 2 falls flat. there is literally no good idea that isn't borrowed from a better movie and the supporting cast overact. the only exception comes from tony burton who is miles better than the material. also stacie foster looks like she could be better with far better material. however cyber tracker 2 comes off mainly as noisy, bland and lackluster as its leading man, however with no real martial arts sequences to fall back on, all there is, is lots of cars tipping over and that alone is no substitute for the bankruptcy of ambition expressed here.*1/2 out of 4-(poor)

having read during many years about how great this film was, how it established ruiz among the french critics (specially the snobbish cahiers crowd), when i finally watched it about a year ago, i found it pretty disappointing (but then, i guess my expectations were sky-high). shot in saturated black and white, this deliberately cerebral film (made for tv, and mercifully, only an hour long) is told in the form of a conversation between an art connoisseur and an off-screen narrator as they ponder through a series of paintings (which are shown in the style of tableaux vivants) and try to find if they hold some clues about a hidden political crime. (the awful kate beckinsale film uncovered has a similar argument). borgesian is a word i read a lot in reviews about this movie, but i would say almost any borges story is more interesting than this film.

the direction had clearly stated that this film's idea and plot is totally original....however, as to those who have read 'slam dunk' comic, we can clearly see that the characters are very similar and even some jokes...another note is jay chow himself do not know kung fu, it just won't impress anyone if he tries to act like he can, many people today can see the differences.. luckily the movie do not contain much of kung fu fighting and much are enchanced by stunners and visual effects...i think that jay's acting is still a pain to watch, especially when almost everyone else in the film is so much better. the only reason i think why jay is the main actor is simply is for his popularity.despite how hard i wish to stop anyone from watching this thus making this "orginal" movie getting what it shouldn't have, it has became one of the best budget films in china for this year.

kid found as a baby in the garbage and raised at a martial arts academy has a knack for sinking baskets. with the help of the man who found him he gets in to college and is promoted to the championship as he searches for his real parents. infinitely better in pieces action comedy is a real mess as a whole. it seems to be striving for a hipper basketball version of shaolin soccer, but the comedy is scatter shot, its focus wanders more than a chihuahua with add on quadruple espresso. i kept asking "what am i watching". i watched it from start to finish and i still don't know what the hell happened. its a shame since there are some great action scenes, some amusing jokes and the occasional moment, but nothing, none of it ever comes together, i'd take a pass.

lot of silly plot holes in the film. first we see him watching his master practice kung-fu, and die in the midst of his practice. that's fine with me. and then at the end of the film, we see him use the kung-fu that he learned just by watching his master when he was still a kid. is that even possible? i don't think so.this show is purely for jay chou fans, and the film lacks a depth in terms of character development, cinematography styles and unfolding of plot.anybody notice that the captain of the basket team (forgot his name) and the idolized player li xiao look so similar to each other, to the extent that you'd think they were the one and same person? long hair, sunshine-boy look, tall and strong. the two of them looked like they came out from a mass production factory designed to churn out products that makes teenage girls scream wild in orgasm. not that those two actors had anything of value to contribute to the movie as a whole for the movie industry at all.the jokes were lame and not funny at all.the scene with regards to the 4 masters of jay chou coming back to help him out in the basketball court, degenerated into a pointless plot when they started bashing their opponents ala royal rumble style. worse of all, when the 4 masters won the fight, the crowd began cheering, and the match continued. it was truly a wtf? moment.at the end of the show, when they win the match, all thanks to jay chou's excellent kung fu skills. how he acquired those kung-fu skills is a mystery, because the show somehow shows him acquiring the skills just by observing his master.and then his long-lost father comes out of the woodwork to acknowledge jay chou as his long-lost son seemed just a tad too quick of the director to wrap up the film.in short, this is a jay chou-flick (instead of the usual "chick flick"). watch it only if jay chou is your fan. if you are one of those whose tastes in movies coincide greatly with those in the list of imdb's top 250 films of all time, then this film is not for you.

this movie is made for asian/chinese market, targeting particularly fans of jay chou, one of the biggest music star in asian.jay chou is a very talented song writer/singer. he is mediocre as an actor, although he did appear in several big-budget productions ("initial d", "curse of the golden flower "). amazingly, he won both golden horse (taiwan) and hong kong film awards for "initial d".the supporting cast are very well chosen, which appeals basically everyone from china. the cast including many famous movie/tv actors, singers, even sport commentator (huang jianxiang from china). however, they were not given enough time to show their talents.the biggest mistake is that chu took over both director and writer position. he has a reputation of making shallow and brainless movies based off non-coherent scripts. with his poor directing and lam story, the whole talented cast, fancy vision effects and tones of production money was wasted.however, the terrible movie successfully cashed in over 10 million dollars, maybe even more in asian, which made this one of the biggest box office success in asian.the bottom line is: you can watch this movie only if you want to see how money and talents are wasted, or if you are simply accompanying your kids who are fans of jay chou.

i can't believe this show is still rating a 9 out of 10. i could see if those votes were in the first 2 seasons, but what would possess anyone to continue to rate it high after that? i was a huge fan the 1st season. i was hooked - all the mystery, suspense, unexplained events. you never knew what was going to happen next. by season 2, i was still watching faithfully, but was getting a little frustrated that some basic things had yet to be explained. and instead of giving you more answers, it just seemed like more questions. i love suspense, but you have to throw people a bone every now and then to keep them watching.now, i can't even remember what finally turned me off, but somewhere in season 2, i had enough. i'm not a big fan of appointment viewing - and you clearly can't miss an episode to stay up on what's happening. so, it was no longer worth the effort to me.it's a shame that they couldn't have been a little smarter and more considerate of the loyal fans. i agree with some of the posters that it appears abc just got greedy and decided to see how long they can stretch this show out. don't they realize that in the end, they are going to lose more fans than they could possibly gain.

i searched video store everywhere to find this movie, being the huge elvis fan that i am, and i found it to be a huge disappointment. kurt russel had most of the "elvis moves" down and the voice imitation was great, but the dubbed in singing voice of elvis just didnt work for me. the voice didnt always match up with russels mouth, and it was hard for me to get lost in the plot because it bothered me that it was noticeable. also, there were so many freaking discrepancies in the film, people who dont know much about elvis would probably think them to be facts. songs are sung by him earlier than he recorded them in real life, the time when he got his first guitar is wrong, im pretty sure his brother jesse garron was buried in an unmarked grave, not one with a huge headstone reading jesse garron. i know it was just a tv movie, but they skipped over important events, like the come-back-special, and dragged some scenes out for way too long. if you want to see a good movie that shows elvis in his prime rent thats the way it is, or another elvis concert. hearing and seeing the real elvis preform is the only way to truly see his talent. (brilliant statement i know, but still...go out and rent a good elvis flic.)

jim belushi is having a mid life crisis, nothing is going right, when his car goes out on him..he goes into an empty bar where michael caine shows him what life wouldve been like if one event in high school had come out differently.. a good premise with some moments..but mostly flat and uninteresting. on a scale of one to ten..3

i agree with other users comments in that the two main roles were well acted, that being the guy that played gary gillmore and giovanni's role. too bad the story was so boring. not hearing about the story i knew nothing of gary gillmore before the movie so i didn't know what to expect. i thought it would be something like dead man walking or the chamber but how wrong i was. the whole movie was just talking, talking and talking about their mom and dad. the only cool scenes were the flashbacks where the dad would lose his temper. that was the only interest i got from this borefest.

the first scanners may not have been a great movie,but at least it was original.there is no such novelty to this one.the acting is worse,in my opinion,and the story is slower and nothing special.i also didn't like the dialogue.and the special effects are no better than in the original.this is movie is inferior to the first one in all ways.the only thing different about it,is that it is loud and chaotic at times.but that doesn't make a good movie.if they had done something better with the story and made it interesting,this could have been a decent movie.i actually couldn't get through it all without fast forwarding through it.to me,this is a forgettable movie,and not much more.despite all that,there are worse movies.being in a generous mood,i'll give scanners 2 a 4/10.

dr mordrid is terrifying. i would not recommend any adult or child see this unless they are rampaging murderers already. there is so much filth in this movie it hurts my yes. speaking of eyes, there are eyes in the sky, against a backdrop of stars. only the devil himself could have imagined such a wicked thing. i rented out every copy i could from local video stores and crushed them with a 5 pound crucifix. that movie should remain locked in a cellar behind the 4th dimension with all the other disgusting beasts of hell. that is where this movie belongs. i suggest if you want some scandalous entertainment, go and rent all dogs go to heaven, or angels in the outfield. those movies are worth seeing. if you want to commit a sin and love terrible movies, you need to see dr. mordrid.

this motion picture comes straight out of the dark dungeon of full moon entertainment. this production company gained fame and fortune during the first half of the 90's by producing terribly bad and cheesy horror movies. the most famous disasters in their ouvre are "subspecies", "seedpeople" and "trancers". none of these are recommended and neither is doctor mordrid, actually. hyperactive director charles band did come to the right company for his film. doctor mordrid is amazingly dumb and cheesy and almost completely humourless. i only saw it because it stars jeffrey combs. i learned that it can have several disadvantages if you're a fan of him. for every good movie, it seems like he has made 5 inferior ones. anyways, the story is about the battle between 2 ancient sorcerers. one good one who's here since 150 years to protect the humans ( jeffrey as dr.mordrid ) and one wicked one called kabal. he wants to destroy every form of human life for some reason i already forgot. combs gets his instructions from mentor. that "guy" only exists of a pair of eyes in space. very very cheesy, that is ! every once and a while a blinding lightflash is shown on the screen but that's about the only form of special effects this movie has got. the whole thing is just a piece of whining and nagging and when the two wizards finally face each other, it's over before you know it...i would have expected for the wicked wizard to at least fight back a little, but nooooooo.... in some scenes, you really can detect some originality and creativity ( like for example jeffrey's lecture about the influence of the moon on criminals ) and if you really pay attention, you might even find some very small but nice aspects ( like the raven which is called edgar allen) but overall, it's a terrible waste of time and energy. i'm a big fan of jeffrey and maybe he is a superhero in my eyes...but he sure doesn't have to put on a stupid maillot for that.

i saw this recently and i must say, i was moved by the factual basis of the story. however, "holly" as a movie did not quite work. i am however, looking forward to watching the documentary which the producers who organised this project had made because i think that would be a much more compelling work than this film.the international cast was composed of b-class actors but their acting was appropriate, and i must give a special mention for the young actress who played holly. this was her first movie role and she did a very nice job, considering hers is the most challenging part. ron livingston was adequate but bland as patrick, the american whose quest is to "save" holly, but chris penn was good in this, his final role. unfortunately, despite my mostly favourable opinion of virginie ledoyen and udo kier, both of these actors were very much forgettable and did not do their best work in this film.i believe in the film's message and intention, but i have to be fair, so i rate "holly" 3 stars based on its shortcomings as a movie. but i think the subject matter deserves serious consideration and i am pleased that the people behind this movie have made a documentary as well which i hope will have its debut on bbc and other tv networks.

when they killed off john amos's character they killed the show. he was the vital part of the info structure. you had a story of an inner city family's struggling to make it the best way they knew how. they were poor, they were black, and they were living proof that if you have jesus and your family that nothing is too hard. sure james would lose jobs and jj would fail in school but the family always managed to find a way. james was the strong male role model that earned the income and disciplined the children. florida was the strong lady that would everyone including james when he needed a shoulder to cry on or hug to make it. the kids had personalities and input which made them important as a family unit. their neighbor willona was also a key element because she represented not only a friend but some dear enough to be family. things were bright, gritty, funny, and honest until they changed the course of the program. james dies and jj took over the show. flo was still mom, thelma was blossoming into a lady and michael was still the militant midget but jj was the show. we were expected to believe that the family with no father or prominent bread winner was going to be able to stay in the apartment. i guess james's paycheck didn't do much for the family. they were only threatened with eviction because they said they were moving and not because no one in the house was working. i know that jj, flo, thelma and even michael eventually got jobs but come on here be for real. james worked so much that you could feel for him but the others weren't realistic at all and that's a shame.jj was the comic relief but i felt the show need substance. it's ok to be funny but they had a chance to show a real family and what it took to survive in the real world and they threw it all away on a few laughs. michael's character almost disappeared while the rest of the cast slipped into the shadows of the jj evan's show. i mean really, here was a guy that was failing in school, he kept getting laid off, and he painted for money in about two episodes. james had always been there to encourage his talent but flo and the rest of the family didn't seem to care.why did it take him so long to understand that painting was what he was meant to do? he could have sold painting's on the street or worked for people that print billboards and cards. (he did but something went wrong with that.) why did he not make it and why did the others give up on their dreams? i'll tell you why, it was because they didn't have a father in their life to care and to cheer them on and their mother stopped being their to support their dreams. the show stopped teaching us about growing, building and learning and started teaching us about gimmicks and catch phrases. they should have kept james. if any show needed a father it was that one.

i've seen about 820 movies released between 1931-39, and the informer is the worst major release i've seen from that time span. awful, despicable, unpleasant, unhappy, unredeemable saga of a complete loser. watch a 1934 b western instead.

well, i'll start by admitting i'm not a john ford fan. (i watched "the informer" only because i'm trying to work my way through a list of the "greats.") so if you are, just move along, 'cause you're not going to agree with me.what an overwrought and dated piece of silliness this is! i will say that there is a good idea for a movie here (it made me think about how few films there are about the irish revolution) but, as usual, ford is determined to bury it under over-acting and cheap sentiment. i suppose it's somewhat interesting to watch for a while in order to see the less-than-seamless transition that was being made from the silents to the "talkies" -- the acting styles of some of the principals have that overbroad quality endemic to early films and movie does feel as if it might play better with title cards than spoken dialogue. (of course, title cards would prevent ford from restating every bit of emotion six times.) what dialogue there is usually has a "they're always after me lucky charms!" quality that is aggravated by the fact that each actor seems to have been allowed to use his or her own personal version of an irish accent. of course, as bad as they are, the accents are helpful in reminding us we're in ireland because the sets mostly look as if they were dragged in from from some german expressionist piece being filmed on the next soundstage over. (it feels as if, with an eagle eye, you might see some villagers off to torch dr. frankenstein in the background.)techniques change. tastes change. so i won't go off on how crazy it seems that this film was so acclaimed in its day. but it's not one of the classics that hold up --- more just "fair warning" about the kind of over-simplified malarkey to which ford was going to devote his career.

this infamous ending to koen wauters' career came to my attention through the 'night of bad taste'. judging by the comment index i wasn't the first and i am not to be the last person in western europe to learn that this musician (undoubtedly one of the best on our contemporary pop scene, even the dutch agree on that) tried to be an actor. whether he should have made the attempt or not cannot be judged. in 'intensive care' he's quite likable, but he seems to be uncomfortable with the flick in which he is participating. no one can blame him. it deserves its ranking in verheyen's hall of fame by all means & standards. the story of the murderous maniac who is supposed to have died in an accident but is alive and wrathful has been told dozens of times before, and even without original twists a director can deliver a more than mediocre story through innovative settings and cinematography. ic contents itself with a hospital wing and a couple of middle class houses. the pace is dull. the tension looses the last bit of its credibility to the musical score, for every appearance of the murderer is accompagnied by a tedious menacing melody, followed by orchestral outbursts during the murders, which or largely suggested and in any case as bloodless as a small budget can make them. the sex scene is gratuitous but not in the least appealing. the couple from amsterdamned could have made it work, though. while dealing with the couple subject : the whole subplot between wauters and the girl does not work. a more effective emotional connection could have been established on screen if they had just been fellow victims-to-be, who loosen their nerves halfway through physical intercourse. i will not even grant the other cast members the dignity of a mentioning, for they should all have been chopped up into tiny greasy pieces. as a matter of fact, most of them do. the ones i recall where obvious for the genre : a pretty nurse and two cops. hence, in a slasher, the cavalry only comes in time to need rescue itself. the (anti-) hero has to take out the villain, mostly through clever thinking, for former red berets don't often get parts in these films; they might overcome the illusion of invincibility that surrounds the killer. translated to the events, wauters kills the doctor and saves the dame in distress. no people, i am not finished. this is not how the story goes. wauters makes his heroic attempt but gets beaten up with a fury that comes close to "a clockwork orange", so it is up to the girl to pick up the driller killer act and pierce through the doctors brains. though this method ensures the killer's death more than the usual rounds of 9mm bullets, the doctor survives in order to enable ic to reach the 80 min mark.i should have made my point by now. intensive care is a bad movie, which can only be enjoyed by bad taste lovers, who can verify verheyen's catchy statements and make some up for themselves and that way try to sit through it. for example, the (unintended) parody value of the doctor's clown mask (halloween) and the final confrontation in the park (the chase at the end of friday the 13th).however, let me conclude by giving an overview by a few measly elements which give ic a little credit. george kennedy is not one of them. all he has to do is endure a horrible monologue by a fellow doctor/french actor and look horrified when they let him go down in flames in order to tag his big name on a stand-in. he could have played his naked gun part again, to end up as beef, but with a longer screen time. the finale may be one of them. i had never seen a maniac being brought down by launching fireworks into his guts in order to crush him against a flexible fence. it is good for a laugh.name one good truly point about intensive care ... koen wauters learned his lesson and devoted himself entirely to his musical career. it makes me wonder how many editions of the paris-dakar race he has to abort before coming to his senses.

"intensive care" by dorna von rouveroy is easily one of the worst horror movies ever made.this extremely cheap dutch slasher flick offers some gore and plenty of absurd situations.a horror veteran george kennedy is completely wasted as as professor bruckner.the acting is abysmal,the action is slow and the climax is laughable.a famous surgeon has a car accident.he lies in a coma seven years and then he wakes up and goes on a bloody rampage."intensive care" is clearly influenced by american slasher films including "halloween" and "friday the 13th" series.the killings are hilarious and the dialogs are painfully stupid.still if you are in the right mood you can give this piece of trash a look.you'll laugh until it hurts with this one-you can believe me!

koen wouters is a flemish singer and presenter. in the early ninety's he tried his hand on movies as well. but this unbelievable piece of junk ended his acting career once and for all. it also ended the acting career of dutch actress nada van nie who went on being a football-wife a tv presenter and program-maker. i actually did see this in an ( almost empty) theatre because i used to be a fan of the band of koen wouters, clouseau. i so regret spending money on it. it looks cheap, it is a terrible story and it is executed bad in every possible way. some people think it's so bad it's funny. i am not one of them. i just found it an incredible waste of time and money.

i thought "intensive care" was quite bad and very unintentionally funny. but at least not as bad as i thought it might be. sometimes it's somewhat suspenseful, but never a good shocker.spoiler aheadthe fun lies in ridiculous moments. but the all-time classic moment is this: peter (koen wauters) is stabbed and beaten by the killer. he lies moaning in the corner of the hallway. amy (nada van nie) kneels beside him and asks "poor peter, shall i get you a band-aid?".this movie was shot in dutch and english. to spare costs, all license plates are usa, and the background in the news studio is a skyline of manhattan. very funny if you're dutch and watching the original version in dutch.

i don't know why i keep doing this to myself!! i keep on defending the dutch and belgian cinema and claim that it should get more credit and chances...and then they smack you around the head with junk like this! intensive care is a terrible production and probably the worst thing that was ever made in the dutch-speaking countries. it's a dutch attempt to create our very own horror franchise, clearly based on mainstrain american slasher classics such as friday the 13th and halloween. the producers and writers aimed really high with this, but fell really low. intensive care became an embarrassing product to everyone who was involved and therefore a true cult flick here. it's almost impossible to hunt down an original copy of this and it's only showed on special occasions, like "the night of distaste". for exactly 5 minutes, intensive care tries to tell a story and even to create a plotline...then it changes into a lame and low-brain slash 'n stalk movie with gruesome - yet very hilarious and cheap - make up effects. the acting of the entire cast is abominable, even though there are a few respected names involved. the leading male role is played by koen wauters...this guy might as well be the most famous and loved artist in belgium. he's a beloved singer, host of tv-shows and idol of many young girls. he never ever mentions this thing he starred in, though. like everybody else in the netherlands, he's trying to convince himself intensive care never happened.

this is not just a bad film, it's one of the worst films ever. it's so bad that i found it to be quite enjoyable. the acting, oh my god, the script, you gotta be kiddin'. how can you imagine the writer coming up with things like: - a kid who makes fireworks in school, fireworks so powerfull, that when someone gets hit by it, they fly a hundred yards backwards and explode. -a girl is trapped in the celler, the killer is trying to break open the door. she gets a drill, but the wire isn't long enough. she first makes an extension cord, oh the horror, and then, when she's done, she drills through the door and drills through the head of the killer. wow - and there are plenty more examples like that. oh yeah, and what happened to george kennedy, he used to be great (thunderbolt and lightfoot/cool hand luke)

what an incomprehensible mess of a movie. something about a cop who extracts bullets from himself after he gets shot and keeps them in a glass jar in his bathroom (and from the size of the jar he's been shot about fifty times by now) and a top secret tank guarded by five or six incompetent soldiers who for some reason drive it into mexico. whether they were sent there intentionally or just got really really lost is never made clear. and you'll never hear another screenplay feature the word "butthorn" either. gary busey tries out the mel gibson role from "lethal weapon" and while busey is a serviceable actor the screenplay damns the whole movie to mediocrity. william smith does another turn as a russian soldier, the same character he played in "red dawn" a few years earlier. after playing biker heavies for most of the 70s it was sort of nice to see him expand his range playing communist heavies. sadly he'll probably always be remembered best as the guy who clint eastwood whupped in "every which way you can."

star rating: ***** saturday night **** friday night *** friday morning ** sunday night * monday morning mcbain (played by gary busey, before the name became synonymous with the character in the simpsons) is a (typically) unorthodox cop who gets results but winds his superiors up something rotten. avoiding the cliché of his partner being killed at the beginning of the film, the plot instead takes a different turn and sees him assigned to travel to mexico where a top secret american super tank with incredible firepower and imaging capabilities has been smuggled through, only to be taken hostage, along with the crew, by a gang of terrorists.this cheap looking (even by 80s standards), boring little action film was a bizarre career move for gary busey after making an impression as the flame haired villain mr joshua in lethal weapon. he just goes through the motions with his cardboard character here, edgy and zany as ever (with 'butthorn' being his trademark put down for the bad guys), but without the material to back him up. henry silva has presence as a screen villain, but he's totally miscast here as an arab leader (in a red beret!) and the awful script gives him some really clunky lines of dull dialogue that make his performance come off as laughably wooden. he's just one of a host of action film character actors, including l.q. jones and lincoln kilpatrick, who pop up but fail to add anything to the mix. after a dull first half without much exciting action, things do pick up a bit at the end, but it's too little too late and none of it manages the task of being any fun. *

i was supposed to review this for a website, and i watched this with optimism that perhaps it would at least be a cheesy yet entertaining rip off, and it didn't even do that well enough."666: the child" is probably one of the worst supernatural thrillers i've ever seen (even worse than "godsend") with scenes that rip from "the omen" without shame. the ending is even very similar to the way "the omen" ends. not to mention that the acting, writing, and story are all just hackneyed. if these movies make money, i'm sad to see where asylum is headed. it's embarrassing.

well this just maybe the worst movie ever at least the worst movie i have ever seen. they have tried out these 666 child of satan the anti christ kinda movies about 1000 times and none of them is good and this just maybe the worst of them. they think that it's going to be better movie as more they use that fake blood. this movie doesn't have any idea in it, actors and filming is just terrible. cant even make out that 10 line minium of this movie. really nothing to tell about but that it's just horrible. how they can make movies like that in their right mind just can't understand that. this cant be a hollywood movie, is it? just don't go watch this use your money more wisely.

well i watched this last night and the one thing that didn't make it completely terrible is that it was straight forward. there was no beating around the bush that this kid was the anti-christ. however the movie was just poorly written. for example, they never explained how they made the dentist incident an "accident" or at the end how the cop just miraculously ended up at the house in time to save the kid without the police even being called yet. the death scenes were just really bad and not entertaining at all. the kid they chose to play the anti-christ was boring and they really could've picked a better kid. just don't waste your time watching this.

666: the child starts as a plane crashes, the only survivor of flight 666 was a young boy named donald (boo boo stewart) who is adopted by news reporter erika (sarah lieving) & her cameraman husband scott lawson (adam vincent) after they covered the incident for channel 6 news. at first donald seems like any normal kid but death seems to follow him around, after warnings from a nun & vicar scott begins to believe that donald is evil & the cause of all the deaths...this straight-to-dvd horror flick was directed by jake perez under the pseudonym jake jackson & one has to say 666: the child is really rather poor. whenever i see the asylum is responsible for a film i get worried, i get very worried since their track record is awful. they seem to specialise in making &/or distributing low budget horror films which are usually rip-offs of some recent successful big budget horror film & in the case of 666: the child you don't need a degree in rocket science to realise that it's a complete rip-off to cash in on the recent the omen (2006) which was released the same year. the script by benjamin henry & austin laurel is terrible & simply can't match the ambitions of the the hollywood equivalent, i mean just what exactly does donald the antichrist expect to achieve from a middle class family in a small town? it's hardly a great starting point to bring about the destruction of thew world is it? every character in 666: the child is some form of the main character's from the omen, the adopted parents, the priest who tries to warn them & the sinister babysitter. there's a real lack of incident, there's barely any gore & the plot is poor. i mean donald killing a dentist because they were trying to fix his teeth is just so random & needless, what were all the disgusting pictures donald drew all about, where did the babysitter come from & there's just nothing that ties everything together & it's just a disjointed mess that just becomes very boring very quickly. the references to the number 6 also becomes annoying & are very unsubtle.director perez does alright i suppose, it's competent if nothing else. there's virtually no blood or gore, there's a few sprays of blood, a cut off hand & someone gets a circular saw stuck in their face but it sounds a lot better than it looks on screen. it's certainly not scary, there's no atmosphere thanks to a throughly bland contemporary setting in a suburban house & there's no tension because we never really know what donald is trying to do & there fore there's no threat from him.technically the film is alright, it's reasonably well made but since the actual film is so poor it makes little difference. the acting isn't that great but at the same time i've seen worse.666: the child is a poor mans the omen rip-off, i'd sooner watch either the original or the remake over this any day of the week. not good & definitely not recommended. followed by the sequel 666: the beast (2007) which also went straight-to-dvd.

let me start out by saying this movie has 1 funny point at the very beginning with the exchange between the narrator and george: narrator:huh? wait a minute! who the heck are you? george: me new george. studio too cheap to pay brendan fraser. narrator: how did you get the part? george: new george just lucky, i guess. sadly, that's the only funny part in the entire movie.it was still entertaining...but then again, i'm easily entertained...i wouldn't say this is the worst movie i've ever seen (that title goes to the terribly un-funny disaster movie...), this movie falls #7 on my bottom 15 list...if your a small child who is easily entertained, you'll enjoy this movie. if you're a movie-watcher who wants a good, funny movie, you'll end up shooting yourself halfway through this one..

this movie was on t.v the other day, and i didn't enjoy it at all. the first george of the jungle was a good comedy, but the sequel.... completely awful. the new actor and actress to play the lead roles weren't good at all, they should of had the original actor (brendon fraiser) and original actress (i forgot her name) so this movie gets the 0 out of ten rating, not a film that you can sit down and watch and enjoy, this is a film that you turn to another channel or take it back to the shop if hired or bought. it was good to see ape the ape back, but wasn't as fun as the first, they should of had the new george as georges son grown up, and still had bredon and (whats her face) in the film, that would've been a bit better then it was.

when i go to see movies i would stay up and watch it or if i did not like it, i would go sleep, but this was pure crap, i actually got up and walked out!....this was poorly script and put together, i hated it. also, they should not have taken brendan frasier off, he was much better. this was not as good as i had expected, considering that i really liked george of the jungle 1, and the graphics weren't as good as the first one, for instance, the bird, and when ever he crashed in a tree. i hope that the director of this takes heed, and next movies he make, he needs to reconsider...horrible! i really would like to give ursla a job well done, as she made the movie worthwhile (until i walked out)...overall i give this movie a 2 out of 10

there are just so many things wrong with this movie.to begin with, the first twenty minutes of the film could have been compressed into just five or maybe ten. the overall movie is (mercifully) short already, but this could have been made up for by giving a little more attention to the mean lion (how did the miss a reference to "the wiz" on that one?) and working his subplot a little more closely into the main plot. in short, the script had the seed of a good idea, but needed quite a bit of reworking.second, it could have done without the crude humor. the original also had some that it could have done without, but at least there it was almost an afterthought -- here, flatulence and urination abound.third, the show is a little too self-aware. the original series had that well enough, as did the first movie, but here it's just way, way too much. the brendan fraser in-jokes were just a bit over the top (and why no mention of the "new ursula"?). other gags with the narrator, especially a couple of interactions near the end, also exceed good sense.fourth, a bit more attention could have been given to the cgi work. in the first it was hard to tell that shemp wasn't a real elephant (except by behavior, of course), but here the cgi stands out like a sore thumb. ideally special effects should merely tell the story whether they're good or bad, and they at least do succeed on that count, so it's a relatively small problem, but it's still there.all that said, christopher showerman's performance as george is decent enough. it lacks brendan fraser's charm, but christopher only really fails in that specific comparison -- he even managed to give george a bit of personal depth, which should have been a major foul in a jay ward-inspired movie but wasn't here. julie benz as the new ursula surprised me as being even better than leslie mann in the original.most other performances were pretty standard, not standing out in my mind as either good or bad.

caught part of george 2 on tv recently, but couldn't get myself to watch it through to the end. just awful! i can't even remember the plot. all i know is that george and ursula were not the george and ursula of the first movie, which was bad enough. there's a lot of scrambling around, but the direction and editing were so shoddy and choppy, it was like watching outtakes or deleted scenes. having the original voice of ape the ape back was not nearly enough to make me warm up to this. george 2 is probably the single worst sequel i have ever seen, and that is saying something. jeez, because of imdb's 10 lines rule, i have to keep typing when i have nothing more to say about this crapulastic made-for-tv sequel. disney, hang your head in shame.

annoying, static comedy with a painfully miscast peter sellers as a smarmy, self-centered casanova who always has his way with the ladies. a major blemish on sellers' filmography, and, even worse, a film that seems to have been made solely to satisfy the ego of its star. (*)

i've found the movie offensive for americans which lost somebody in the towers, for american people in general. pretending to be an homage to horrible facts happened last years, each director takes the opportunity to polemize with old facts (which have none to do with a terrorist attack), or criticize american's political behaviour, or compare different political situation as they have in own country having this nothing to do or to share with the atrocity of september 11. shame on them.

i have never panned a film on-line, but i felt moved to do so, after seeing this one. one doesn't show up at someone's funeral and say to the bereaved, "my relatives died, so why should i care about yours?"minus the propaganda, there was little, if anything, that could be called "art." as the daughter of deaf parents, i was particularly annoyed by the use of deafness as a gimmick. any deaf person feeling a vibration of that immensity would likely have investigated, not ignored it.the word "chutzpah" comes to mind. as a writer, there are few subjects i would stay away from: the holocaust is one; this is another. i wish these movie makers had not been so arrogant (and inept).

first of all, i ain't american or middle-eastern. second of all, i don't have a religion. the closest thing to a religion i have are sports and movies. henceforth, i believe i would be best served to supply an opinion of neutrality and free from bias.most of these short films are an utter disgrace. this dreadful event should be used to commemorated all those innocent people whom were murdered by "some" barbaric and uncivilized morons. instead, most of what i saw in these short films were conceited attempts to score varied political points. examples:1) ken loach's segment. sure, we are all sad that this dude had a hard life in his country but what has that got to do with the innocent victims of 2001? two wrongs don't make a right?! whatever! this film should have a subtitle for those who have trouble listening to a partially incoherent chilean-english accent.2) most disturbing is youssef chahine's segment. it is obvious that he has trouble with logic. he justified the murders due to - america being a democracy and because some americans voted the politicians in power, then all americans in the end are responsible for the actions and decisions made by their leaders on the middle-east. helloooo! is this guy for real?? some americans don't even vote! some americans don't even know where the middle-east is; some don't even know what religion is practiced there; and majority don't know the real political issues that are played behind the scenes. ### mr chahine, the reason why we have all these problems in the world is because there are too many people with your kind of logic. the innocent victims in the twin towers came from around the world. the murdered firefighters, rescuers, office workers, by-standers and flight passengers have nothing to do with politics. and yet, we are not allowed to go about our lives because "some" people think everyone has to choose a side or a religion. we are perceived as fair game for the extreme politics.3) the israeli segment showed their own bombed victims. another filmmaker using this event to push their own political agenda. sometimes, it is not about you. some people always think about the "me, me, me." sometimes, it is about other people.4) idrissa ouedraogo's segment is a joke and another political point scorer. they obviously want money from the international community by highlighting their poverty. blah, blah, blah.this movie denigrates the memory of "sept. 11th, 2001" victims.the best thing for it is the trash can.

eleven "great" filmmakers, eleven pieces of garbage. eleven minutes each of sheer tedium, sophistry, condescension, self-indulgence. treats for people of all nations. yussef chahine of egypt giving a "hip hip hooray!" for terorism in his amateurish segment. across the green line we have amos gitai of israel, using his eleven minutes to show a terrorist act and focus on a jerky newscaster. alejandro gonzález iñárritu of mexico concentrated on the twin towers but seemed to forget to turn on his camera. sean penn not knowing that there were no buildings within the shadow of the trade center on 9-11. shohei imamura of japan ignoring the whole thing. claude lelouch focussing on a trivial and cliched love affair. ken loach of the uk focussing on chile. etc. etc.

in order to avoid confusion, let me clarify a couple of points: i am not a red neck. i am not even a moderate nor a conservative. quite on the contrary, i am a radical: a libertarian. i'm not a wasp either, i was not even born in the states.jorge luis borges used to say that there are some kind of folk who do not feel poetry, and that these sad people usually earn their living teaching poetry. this movie was made by and for people who do not feel poetry, by and for show-offs; and i dare say, by and for people who have no sense of decency or, for that matter, respect for other people's life or death (especially when the victims are thought to be mostly 'bloody imperialists' killed in yankee soil.) i even find the original marketing idea of the eleven episodes of eleven minutes, nine seconds and one frame as particularly hideous and repulsive. just plain awful. why didn't they assign a budget of as many dollars per episode as individuals were brutally murdered in the attack? the whole idea rests somewhere between mere stupidity and reckless fascism. anybody who is serious about film-making (and serious about life and death) should have angrily declined to participate in this recollection of innuendoes and non-sequiturs. with two exceptions: the episode of burkina faso -- almost amusing --, and the one from india --which documents the story of a man who was unfairly and wrongly investigated in relation to the attack, on the basis that afterwards he didn't return home and that he was an american muslim (and, truth be told, when the facts were known he was honored as a hero). all other nine episodes, essentially and extremely boring and emotionless, can be listed in two different categories:first: 'i don't care about the thousands of victims: americans, foreigners, children, youngsters, adults, old-timers...' and can be resumed in pure boredom and lack of emotion. makhmalbaf's (iran); lelouch's (france) – i'm afraid i'm going to commit an heresy since it's lelouch's, but maybe, his episode might be considered built upon an idea which could be regarded as almost original; tanovic's (bosnia-herzegovina); gonzalez inarritu's (mexico); gitaï's (israel); penn's (usa) second: 'the bloody yankees deserve it'. and can be resumed in frustration and hatred. chahine (egypt) vindicates the suicide bombers; loach (uk) considers the 9/11 reckless attacks were some kind of punishment for the alleged support of the usa to the chilean dictatorship headed by the serial-killer augusto pinochet, in fact someone should inform mr. loach that the victims of pinochet were not related to al-qaida and that chile is a south american country which sole existence mr. bin laden should have ignored, he ought to be informed too that the american government sanctions against the chilean dictatorship were harder than any other ciountrie's; and, imamura (japan) windingly points out that wwii is related the attack to the wtc. imamura has at least been coherent in this: the supposed cause effect linking is entirely nonsensical, which plays well with his episode including a man who believes himself to be a snake. it pretends to be obscure. it is, instead, quite ludicrous.there's some kind of error shared by many, including some americans, and it consists in the belief that this movie wasn't commercially screened in the states because of some kind of censorship. nothing further from the truth: this movie wasn't screened in the states because it is a complete fiasco. a fiasco of the wackyest kind. even in buenos aires, where peronism and other forms of fascism are nearest and dearest to the hearts of a sizable number of its inhabitants, and anti-americanism is in vogue, the movie was screened in living rooms hurriedly converted into theaters, and was applauded by a very select public: the usual sad few who routinely lend their applause to other equally 'quaint' spectacles. like the sight of a mcdonald's fast-food restaurant or, perchance, an elderly jew, being burnt to ashes.

now, i'm no film critic, but i truly hated "september 11". this film was, on a general basis, bad. with the exception of alejandro gonzález iñárritu's segment, which was the most effective and direct about the subject matter, the short films were at best boring, and at worst offensive. the worst in my mind was youssef chahine's pretentious segment in which he compared palestinian suicide bombers to american soldiers, even going so far as to suggest the suicide bombers were fighting for a greater cause. the segment was completely off topic and, considering chahine's seeming lack of any decency whatsoever, a waste of my time and patience. the idea of getting eleven different directors from different countries to make a movie featuring their views on a tragedy was good on paper, but in practice, it was tasteless.

hey if you have a little over an hour to kill and find paint to be too exciting i'd suggest it. if thou you happen to like cheap b-movies like me it's good for a giggle! other than that i wouldn't suggest that you rent it, i'd wait till it comes on the tube say round 4 am on the free access channel of your cable/satellite supplier. the band that did this sound track by the way was on the road after for about two years after this flick, and no they sounded just as bad live according to the two small town reviews i could find on them. so once again good if you find grass growing to much fun but good to watch if you like to see how not to shoot a low budget movie.

richard farnsworth is one of my favorite actors. he usually gives solid performances, such as in the straight story, and the grey fox. he also does fairly well here, but the rest of the film suffers from a low budget, poor writing, and so-so photography. the miller-movie formula gives it a 4. richard gets a 5.

nacho vigalondo is very famous in spain. he is a kind of bad showman who can make you feel sick... very embarrassing. nacho had made some commercials in tv, i remember one in which nacho was looking for paul mc carney around madrid (the commercial was about a mc carney cd collection). this little movie is like a nacho's commercial: bad storyline, bad directing, and awful performances. i can't believe that a disgusting movie like this was in the kodak theater. poor oscar...nacho could made this movie because of his wife, the producer of this 7:35, a woman very well connected with spanish tv business men.

this movie is likely the worst movie i've ever seen in my life -- surpassing the previous most god-awful movie, "spawn of slithis," which i saw when i was about 10.bad acting, stilted and ridiculous dialog, incomprehensible plot, mishmashed cut scenes, even the music was annoying. did i leave anything out? well, the special effects weren't bad -- but cgi does not a decent movie make.i can't believe i actually spent money to see this movie. if anyone has the contact info for hyung-rae shim (the director), please forward it to my user name "at gmail," and i'll contact him to personally demand a refund.

this movie was horrible.they didn't develop any of the characters at all and the storyline was played out horribly. it was a definite sleeper. you'd expect the action scenes on a movie like this to be its strong points but d-wars surprises you with even a let down in that department. also, the acting was just a step above the level of a low budget porno flick. and i seriously mean that.i was actually happy to see the end credits on this one cause it was just that bad!!! please, whatever you do people, don't waste your time and money on a crappy movie like d-wars.

this movie serves as a timely warning to anyone who thinks they can both write and direct their own movie. face it, you can't. because that way there's nobody around to tell you when you hack great holes in your plot, have meaningless transitions, trite, unmemorable dialog and manage to turn a fairly cool korean legend into a steaming pile of celluloid turd.i wanted to like this movie as a trashy popcorn movie, really i did; i like lots of crappy movies. but once i've been forced to ask myself what the hell just happened and why, dear lord, why? more than a few times, i really can't take it any more.also, i would love for someone to explain how la became mordor for the last scene.

hollywood hotel was the last movie musical that busby berkeley directed for warner bros. his directing style had changed or evolved to the point that this film does not contain his signature overhead shots or huge production numbers with thousands of extras. by the last few years of the thirties, swing-style big bands were recording the year's biggest popular hits. the swing era, also called the big band era, has been dated variously from 1935 to 1944 or 1939 to 1949. although it is impossible to exactly pinpoint the moment that the swing era began, benny goodman's engagement at the palomar ballroom in los angeles in the late summer of 1935 was certainly one of the early indications that swing was entering the consciousness of mainstream america's youth. when goodman featured his swing repertoire rather than the society-style dance music that his band had been playing, the youth in the audience went wild. that was the beginning, but, since radio, live concerts and word of mouth were the primary methods available to spread the phenomena, it took some time before swing made enough inroads to produce big hits that showed up on the pop charts. in hollywood hotel, the appearance of benny goodman and his orchestra and raymond paige and his orchestra in the film indicates that the film industry was ready to capitalize on the shift in musical taste (the film was in production only a year and a half or so after goodman's palomar ballroom engagement). there are a few interesting musical moments here and there in hollywood hotel, but except for benny goodman and his orchestra's "sing, sing, sing," there isn't a lot to commend. otherwise, the most interesting musical sequences are the opening "hooray for hollywood" parade and "let that be a lesson to you" production number at the drive-in restaurant. the film is most interesting to see and hear benny goodman and his orchestra play and dick powell and frances langford sing.

the movie was to be shown here in bangkok with all the fanfare and even in the theater, it failed miserably.apparently the story writer just don't hold water. something was definitely missing. in my opinion people must have a reason why they watch it other than historical glimpse of the past. accuracy of history is not what we look for in entertainment.the movie just lack any substance. the only way to do this movie right was somehow make changes where it stands as some kind of a legend instead of just a story. and a legend will have certain elements that tries to tell you something that people have forgotten through time, such as the meaning of sacrifice, nationalism, etc. it is called the central theme.the movie fails to answer, why would i watch it anyway?at least some strange legendary flying elephants, psychic king, or the eccentric king such as "the king and i" would have been lovely, something would have added greatly to the movies' appeal. i guess there was no appeal other than a plain vanilla movie. once you got the appeal, then the story is the next thing we concentrate on. in marketing terms, we call it "must see". upon hearing the title of the movie people would say, oh, i must see it. now where's the appeal in kingmaker? why not just redo the title and call it, "how not to be a king?" and make a black comedy of the old siamese days, to the style of "dr. strangelove". that would have been much more interesting. narrative-like experiences of the foibles of the king from first persons goofs off would have made the movie extremely funny. most movies today have that "must see" appeal, such as spiderman, men x, these titles speak for themselves. if they don't have familiar characters, some other movies such as, the island, had an appeal itself when the advertising asks "do you still believe there is an island?". or for the movie, retitled "how not to be a king" might ask the question, "so do you still want to be a king?" parhat

warning spoiler. . . i have to agree with you, it was almost there. this was such a bad movie, about such and interesting true story. it had such promise, but the acting was ridiculous at best. some sets were beautiful and realistic. others are something out of a theme park. i found myself laughing as i watched, what was suppose to be, serious scenes. i really wanted to like this movie, but i couldn't. the best part was the fight between friends that ended with the "king" dying. i liked the queens' punishment. and, the final shot made a beautiful picture, though. there are so many better movies to watch. i don't recommend this.

up to this point, gentle rain was the movie i found the worst in history. it has been supplanted by this 'blockbuster' out of asia. it has one "star" and it is john rhys davies. he is way out of shape to be the swashbuckling, magical flying baddie he is cast here. the rest of these people couldn't act their way out of a junior high school play. no clichés were missed in the dialogue, and the special effects were phoned in as often as possible.it is fairly easy to see that somebody in asia had some bucks and needed to create a vehicle for some actors they wanted to throw money at. or maybe it was a director or a writer that needed a credit. my guess is that any career with this movie in it's credentialdo yourself a major favor and don't watch this movie. a hundred thanksgivings couldn't consume this turkey.the one funny scene was unintentional. the brother of the king appears on the scene. the king? a handsome, older, short asian actor. (bad actor.) the brother? a six foot european. (also a bad actor.) no excuses were made for this. they just expected us not to notice that this poor man's jet li's brother was a wannabe pierce brosnan in a cheap dimestore "injun" wig right out of an old western movie from the forties.

this is just a bad movie. with what seemed to be quite a nice budget it had potential to be much better. it almost were. with the heroine beautiful almost like salma hayek, hero fighting almost like jackie chan, battles and duels almost like in crouching tiger..., music almost like in, say, conan... etc. almost. but in the end it's just dull and it is hard to find anything interesting in it. maybe apart of john rhys-davies flying in duel like those warriors in hero or before-mentioned crouching tiger... i am really ashamed of poor old john. he is after all quite a good actor and deserves much better. so as you - so if you still have a chance just watch something else.

this was the worst acted movie i've ever seen in my life. no, really. i'm not kidding. all the "based on a true story/historical references" aside, there's no excuse for such bad acting. it's a shame, because, as others have posted, the sets & costumes were great.the sound track was typical "asian-style" music, although i couldn't figure out where the "modern" love song came in when fernando was lying in his bed thinking of maria. i don't know who wrote & sang that beautiful song, but it was as if suddenly norah jones was transported to the 1500s.the hershey syrup blood in phycho was more realistic than the ketchup spurted during the kwik-n-ez battle scenes.but the acting. oh, so painfully sad. lines delivered like a bad junior high play. if gary stretch had donned a potato costume for the county 4h fair he may have been more believable. towards the end he sounded more like a little italy street thug. at times i half expected him to yell out "adrian!" or even "you wanna piece of me?!".favourite line: when the queen says to her lover (after barfing on the floor) "i'm going to have a baby." he responds "a child?" i expected her to retort "no, jackass, a chair leg! duh."

the king maker is a film about a series of real (citation needed) events that occurred during the portuguese occupation in indochina.although the costumes and art direction are commendable, the movie still fails to impress the viewer. the acting, in particular, was extremely poor. some of the actors are trying hard to let tears down and the accents, both real and fake, are extremely irritating. the storyline was also too dumb and too stupid to be true and it seemed more like a history lesson. the movie couldn't even capture that sort of regal and century-old air and it looked more like a botched attempt to make an asian version of elizabeth.final say? costumes and art direction give the film a breath of fresh air, but the execution was extremely poor and the actors couldn't even give natural bursts of emotion. in short, the movie sounded more like hullabaloo than a script.

unfortunately, this has been showing on star movies here in thailand for the last week or so. it's complete rubbish acting. as another member said, this movie is a good example of 'how not to act.' i haven't seen a movie so poorly acted in a long time. the actors (can you call them 'actors'?) are completely flat and deliver their lines with the passion of a dead dog. i would say that in order to truly understand how bad the acting is, you would have to see the movie... but that would be akin to torture.i cringe as the leading lady delivers her lines, and the rest of the cast with their accents (fake or contrived) is equally heinous. another actress with the fake british accent was pretty, yes, but good lord was her accent terrible. mix that with her (lack of) acting and you have a disaster. she should just have said nothing and i could have accepted her as the pretty girl. oh my, we just got to the scene where the leading lady's lover says "really me?" after a forced crying scene from her. laughable. no, really, i just laughed out loud.the sets and the art directors offer some saving grace to the film. some of the sets are colorful and some of the scenes are rather nice (minus the actors).the old magic potion lady? what?! another member mentioned the 'modern' love song that was in the movie. totally inappropriate for a period piece set some 500 years ago.i understand the movie was considered 'big budget' in thailand at the time of it's production. i would be seriously upset if i were the producer of this movie. just goes to show that money does not necessarily make a good (or even mediocre) film.i would give the king maker a 1 out of 10, but the costumes and sets make save the film from such a rating. 2 out of 10.

this movie seemed to have it all going for it with good camera, sound, film, sets, music, costumes ... but drum-roll, gary stretch spoke! i don't know if it was his poor acting or simply a bad script, but would say it was both. considering the casting of him in this role, i found it difficult to root for him even to the very end. i wished he'd have died in battle or one of the sword/knife scuffles.then, the tinder for the plot to kill the king was because the king didn't have dinner and sex with his queen? pretty lame. and to go to the extreme to kill her own son? and to then push up her lover as succeeding king? i see a thread or two here and there of historical bytes, but the manner in which this was all presented was farcical.i don't recognize gary stretch from anything else, but he was dreadful. i read another user's comments about audio being dubbed, but don't think his was dubbed ... after all, he speaks english, right? it really was awful. the lines were read right off the coroner's table ... flat-line. it could be he just doesn't have the voice to carry tone fluctuations.aside from this, i did watch it to the end, so the movie had at least an "interest." it could have been more if the script/lines and casting had been given more work. the scenery and filming crew along with very good quality film is what really made this movie above all else. the cast and story were all secondary. i give the film crew a 10.

evidently when you offer a actor enough money they will do anything. i am not sure how much john rys-daves got, but most of the money he made should go to his fans as an apology for even being associated with such a rotten movie. the special effects were worse then effects from the 1950's b movies and the acting of the rest of the cast was even worse. as to how bad the acting was a child gave the second best performance in my opinion. the english was terribly accented and i think no one could really even speak english they just memorized how the words should sound instead of memorizing the script and trying to make their character both "life-like" and real.

the king maker will doubtless be a success in thailand where the similar (but superior) 'the legend of suriyothai' set box office records. the film directed by lek kitaparaporn after a screenplay by sean casey based on historical fact in 1547 siam has some amazingly beautiful visual elements but is disarmed by one of the corniest, pedestrian scripts and story development on film.the event the picture relates is the arrival of the portuguese soldier of fortune fernando de gamma (gary stretch) whose vengeance for this father's murderer drives him to shipwrecked, captured and thrown into slavery and put on the bloc in ayutthaya in the kingdom of siam where he is purchased by the beautiful maria (cindy burbridge) with the consent of her father phillipe (john rhys-davies), a man with a name and a past that are revealed as the story progresses. there is a plot to overthrown the king and fernando and his new siamese sidekick tong (dom hetrakul), after some gratuitous cgi enhanced choreographed martial arts silliness, are first rewarded by the king to become his bodyguards, only to be imprisoned together once queen sudachan (yoe hassadeevichit) reveals her plot to kill the king and son to allow her lover lord chakkraphat (oliver pupart) to take over the rule of siam. yet of course fernando and tong escape and are condemned to fight each other to save the lives of their families (tong's wife and children and fernando's now firm love affair with maria) with the expected consequences.the acting (with the exception of john rhys-davies) is so weak that the film occasionally seems as though it were meant to be camp. the predominantly thai cast struggle with the poorly written dialog, making us wish they had used their native thai with subtitles. the musical score by ian livingstone sounds as though exhumed form old tv soap operas. but if it is visual splendor you're after there is plenty of that and that alone makes the movie worth watching. it is a film that has obvious high financial backing for all the special effects and masses of cast and sets and shows its good intentions. it is just the basics that are missing. grady harp

this is a movie which attempts a retelling of thai history, set in the ancient city of ayutthaya. i decided to watch this film because i thought it was along the lines of many thai films i've watched and enjoyed, one that has thai actors speaking thai and martial arts craziness. well, it's none of that. this film is shot entirely in english, is chock full of anglo actors, and has production values so terrible it is laughably bad....but not funny! who can we blame for this rubbish? the acting, dialog, and most of the sets were quite bad. some of the fight scenes looked like they were choreographed by the local high school drama club. the special effects were also mostly bad, but a few were just cheap animation patched onto the screen that provided an especially cheesy effect. it has one large, epic-style outdoor battle scene, where a few thousand extras get to run across a field in costume, but when we see the two armies collide in combat--ha! what a joke! the film does feature a couple of beauties. what a pity they didn't show a little more skin. at least that would have been something for the guys to appreciate. don't bother.

just saw the movie this past weekend, i am upset, and disappointed with it. basically, the movie tells you that immigrants, the ones from former soviet union especially, come to this country, bring everyone they can with them from the old country, and invade and take over what americans have been working for. which is a very wrong way of looking at immigration, and a much worse way of telling people about it. that's the main thing. another thing, the overall writing, directing and filming is on the level of village amateurs. the actors did pretty well, but it wasn't up to them save this bunch of crap. a few jokes were funny, but most were bad and cheesy. couldn't wait to get out of the theater, want my money back.

i went on a visit to one of my relatives a while back, and we popped by a theatre, so we'd thought we'd go in and give this film a go. what a mistake! this film is awful in every department. i'd never heard of the film before, and literally everyone still hasn't. no wonder, this is as rank as it gets. it's a comedy, so it says, well the only thing funny is the ability, or lack of it, of the director to make such a film. getting so close to christmas, this should be titled how to under-cook a turkey in nearly one and a half hours - or however long it was, as i walked out. at the end of the film, you'll come out feeling as though you've been food poisoned on a sick turkey, and regret you wasted your time on such dribble. who knows why such things get made. some people had walked out from the theatre before the film was well over, and i blame myself for not walking out a lot earlier. it really annoys me that you pay good money to see something decent, and all that you come out and see is a poor tv movie that should be showed at 2 o'clock in the morning, in fact, it's that bad, day time tv shouldn't be showing it. what else can a say...probably not enough bad words could do it justice.

my husband and i are the parents of an autistic little boy who lives in the same township as the screenwriter of this movie. we were very upset that the jcc is bringing this movie to its jewish film festival because of the way that the mentally disabled character frankie is portrayed. we went to see this movie at the local theater when it came out. we demanded out money back. we would encourage the screenwriter to donate a portion of the funds to the jcc's achad program to apologize.we did not like seeing frankie - a mentally disabled and perhaps even autistic teenager - as part of a joke in which he keeps dropping something to look at the nanny's breasts.there was no point to frankie's character other than to say "hey, being mentally disabled is funny." challenges like frankie's are a serious matter. families like mine are truly suffering.the screenwriter needs to explain herself. does she know families with disabled kids? does she see the families with disabled kids week after week at the jcc pool?

i know that some films (i mean: european films), that are very bad films, are being regarded as great cinema by certain "critics", only because they're non-american. i saw the 8.1 imdb score for this film and noticed the fact that this was being selected for certain big festivals. don't let this fool you! unless you're one of those people that likes mind-numbing films like this, and call it great art afterwards, skip it! the film contains one hilarious scene after another (a similar, italian, film popped into my mind, the terrible preferisco il rumore del mare (i prefer the sound of the sea)). the problem with these films is that they're not only boring, like some other strangely praised films, but that they almost play like camp. i mean, let's face it, the acting is horrible (i mean: soap opera-level), the story has not one surprise (this has been done endless times before, connecting several storylines: short cuts, magnolia, playing by heart, only much better), not one realistic character in it (some true freak-seeing along the way, notice the hilarious zombie-like daughter), and so on and so on.as if that's not enough, the film is 135 min. (count it!) long, and at the end the director opens his can of sentimentality. after a film with such hilariously bad dialogue and scenes that made the public at the preview screening laugh at so much incompetence, well... this is an insult to cinema, and only receives high ratings because it happens to be in "another" language, in this case spanish. strange world we live in...3/10

okay, i'm not going to critique this film in depth. i note the many elogious reviews in advance of me, and as i generally like maria de medeiros, i have been long hesitant to make a disparaging comment - and in such fashion nearly a year has passed. but each time i see that dvd on my shelf, i sense an inner groan. anyway, let the elogious voices override me! but for other cinephiles like me - beware.expressed in simplest and gentlest terms, here's my stance:the political turmoil and overthrow providing the backdrop for this film also served as a backdrop for a certain period of my life - via newspapers i read daily in my local middle-european pub. at that time, i followed the newsreports, but never fully grasped what the heck was transpiring. the reporters tended to report either in non-partisan terms, or with a conservatism which frowned upon any groups disturbing the peace or fomenting rebellion against the establishment. those were times when other winds of unrest swirled through paris, berlin, prague, and various places in the u.s., all of whose issues i understand clearly at the time - but dictatorship or not, my papers tended to treat the govermentment of portugal simply as the establishment - not as a well-fleshed out "evil empire", to use flippant star war terms.so, week after week, i read of disturbances, but never found an intelligent editorial that might provide the history behind them, or evaluate the practices and social-economic impacts of the dictatorship, etc.so, in purchasing this film, i had at least two hopes: to finally understand the details leading up to the social unrest, and to enjoy a well-conceived drama. this film gave me neither.the film presupposes that viewers already have ample knowledge and deep emotions regarding the historical facts. and the drama - well, as i said, i want to encourage maria de medeiros and the portugues film industry, but - it was trite and shallow.i obtained my copy of the dvd from france - "selection official cannes 2000 - un certain regard". the box shows smiling clean-shaven actors, the lead giving the victory sign in a fashion that reminds me more of the playboy bunny. after seeing the work, i wondered what the french could have thought of it - though as a shallow piece of "cinema verite'" with sensitive ethnic content, i can understand their natural inclination to praise it for its "honesty" but...look at the back of the box: "un regard chaleuruex sur la revolution" - a warm regard? try describing allende's overthrown and murder with a a "warm regard"! try it with czechoslovakia in 1968! try it with the whole line-up of overthrows, and civil rebellions!another review: maria de medeiros a renoue' avec son pays, son enfance et son histoire." rubbish, rubbish, rubbish! at least for me.i love portugal. in all of europe, lisbon, barcelona and prague are my favorite cities. but my love for a city and a country doesn't flesh out a vacuous film. i'll hang on to my ancient vhs tapes of capas negras and a cancao de lisboa - meanwhile, i'm stuck with a zone 2 by the above title that might as well go in the trash.

by the numbers story of the kid (prince), a singer, on his way to becoming a star. then he falls in love with apollonia (appolonia kotero). but he has to deal with his wife-beating father (clarence williams iii!) and his own self-destructive behavior.i saw this in a theatre in 1984. i was no big fan of prince but i did like the three big songs from this movie--"purple rain", "let's get crazy", and "when doves cry". the concert scenes in this movie are great--full of energy and excitement. unfortunately that's a very small portion of the movie.the story is screamingly obvious and have been done many times before--and much better too. the subplots are, to put in nicely, badly handled. the love triangle between the kid, appolonia and morris day was so predictable and tired that i actually became insulted. his wife beating father is needed for the story, but the scenes are so badly handled (in acting and direction) that i couldn't believe it. the script is terrible--lousy dialogue and some truly painful "comedy" routines. and there's tons of misogyny here--the kid's mother getting beaten; the kid hitting appolonia and (for no reason) appolonia strips and goes topless to swim in a dirty river. also williams' and princes' characters treat women in a horrible manner constantly.the acting is where this movie really fails. appolonia is sweet and beautiful--but no actor. and prince is (easily) the worst actor i've ever seen. his blank face and wooden dialogue delivery are so bad i couldn't believe it. this movie only comes to life during the concert scenes but there aren't really that many. the "dramatic" scenes are so badly acted and handled that they make this movie a chore to sit through. they should have just made this a concert film. i give this a 2--only for the music.

much has been written about purple rain, the apparent "quin-essential" musician bio movie, however i'm here to tell you that the movie does not deserve it's high praise.first of all let's get one thing straight prince is a great musician and music is the one area where purple rain excels. even the score is mesmerising, and if this was shot purely as a concert film it would be a great experience unfortunately it's not and as such the movie has some problems.first of all is the horrendous acting/writing, prince's character "the kid" is supposed to come off as some type of mysterious loner of few words unfortunately this just comes off as corny and incensere. a good loner character should at least have some talkative moments, unfortunately prince's character rarely has over a few words of dialog in the film and it's hard to believe that he'd get the girl this way. everything just seems a little off here, which is a shame because you can tell this is a character that's terribly conflicted and lives a very complicated live, but we aren't ever allowed to get inside of it.a surprising aspect of this film is just how much of this takes place in concert. prince and morris's lives seemingly take a back seat to the performances here, which i guess makes sense from a business perspective, but it's exhausting to have a 2 hour movie where seemingly half of it takes place on stage, especially when the character's back stories get pushed aside for it.so to sum it up: this isn't a very good movie.

savage island (2003) is a lame movie. it's more like a home video shot with very minimal lighting and horrid acting. not only that the storyline and script was wretched. i don't know why this movie was made. i have seen a lot of flicks in my time and the ones i really hate are movies that make me angry. this one made my blood boil. the situations were inane at best. if i made a movie like this it would have been a short. really because those backwood "idjits" wouldn't have been in the picture.don't be fooled by the cover on the d.v.d. i am an avid watcher of bad cinema. but this movie is virtually unwatchable. i don't mind movies being shot on d.v. but if you're going to do that make the movie enjoyable, not some tired retread of superior horror films (sans wrong turn).i have to not recommend this waste of disk. if you come across this one in the rental store pass on by.movies that make yours truly angry get an automatic 1.

julia (kristina copeland) travels with her husband steven harris (steven man) and their baby son alex to spend a couple of days with her family in savage island, an island of their own. the couple expects to resolve their issues along the weekend in the remote island. while waiting for the boat, julia and steven meet two weird men in the harbor, and when her brother peter (brendan beiser) arrives, he explains that a family of hillbilly squatters is living in the island. the reckless peter smoke pot while driving the truck in the night and turns the headlight off to show off; however, he accidentally runs over the young son of the savage's family, but in the dark he believes he has hit an animal. later, the savage family claims alex as a compensation for their lost son. the young family does not accept the trade, and they initiate a deadly war between families."savage island" is a very low-budget movie, with a stupid screenplay, amateurish cinematography but surprisingly good acting. the flawed story is totally absurd, and there are many unbelievable situations. for example, how could two men leave two women with the baby alone in the road during the night with the menace of the deranged family? the logical procedure would be going immediately to the continent and bringing police force to rescue peter. then the young family vanishes; julia and steven leave their car in the continent and their house and friends, and nobody chases them? peter calls his sister julia of alex when he arrives with the boat in the beginning. there are so many flaws in this flick that i could spend many lines writing about this subject. i believe this film was filmed with a home video camera so awful the images are. the good cast deserved a better material to work. my vote is four.title (brazil): "ilha de sangue" ("island of blood")

as with most of the reviewers, i saw this on starz! ondemand. after watching the preview with my girlfriend, she decided not to watch it from how bad the preview watched. i, on the other hand, thought it looked weird enough to warrant a watching. i mean, the design of dr. meso alone warranted at least a brief sweep over this title. after watching it, i can say that while there are some interesting aspects to it (namely the browsing over the notebooks and trying to figure out the incomprehensible story), it's best to pass over this one.*major spoilers ahead* after making their first video for their as-yet-unfinished cd, the lead singer, cassidy, kills herself in an attempt to get her boyfriend neil to notice her. 3 months later, the band is trying to decide if they're going to finish the album or not. to try and see what cassidy would have wanted, they go to see an old psychic friend of hers, dr. meso, and try to contact her through him. in his card reading, dr. meso turns up four straight death cards for the four remaining band members. bad times are ahead. (i just wanted to make a point that later in the film, they do explain that the death card really just represents change. kudos to them on that at least.) even without the approval of their deceased friend, they decide to go ahead and finish the album. but while in the bathroom, cassidy's best-friend, dora, catches a glimpse of her deceased friend. when another band-mate goes in to check on her, dora is standing in the dark, requesting his sunglasses. that's when the killing begins.my main problem with the film from the very get-go is that it seems to be heavy stylized to a fault. too many warping effects, unnecessary zooms, and a plethora of other cheap effects riddle this film. an incoherent storyline doesn't help anything either. while the narrative hangs together for the first part, once cassidy is resurrected, everything falls apart. we have jump-cuts between cassidy and dr. meso (who mysteriously was able to get into a locked building), which show they are connected in some way or another. however, within a few minutes of that revelation, we find that cassidy really is an independent being from meso. she then turns on the guy who had been helping her revenge and he scurries away in a way that calls to mind jack nicholson as the joker. but not in a good way.from this point on, the whereabouts of cassidy are shown, but there are strange lapses as character moves from place to place almost out of sequence. one scene we see cassidy standing at a desk, when a character enters in the next, she's nowhere to be found. as he moves behind the desk, we see her at the end of a hallway. then in another room grabbing the keys (which neil already has), then back again. not to mention that from one moment to the next, cassidy's mood seems to go a complete 180 without a catalyst to it. one moment, she wants to kill everyone (although she's only wounded 90% of the characters) - the next she's apologizing to everyone and walks out the door to die again. sound confusing? that's because it is. it's a jumbled mess that i'm sure the writer couldn't even figure out.as for the performances, most are particularly wooden. some though are interesting, but overall this isn't a piece that would be known for it's acting. the story is the driving force behind this piece.

studio 666 (aka the possessed in the uk) is another sub-par slasher that has the appearance of a straight-to-dvd movie.whilst many of the straight-to-dvd movies are fast-paced or unintentionally hilarious in the so-bad-it's-good sense, studio 666 is a lamentable failure.at the time of writing, every comment on the first page includes a negative rating and a negative review. every one of these people have hit the nail on the head.the two people (at the time of writing) who wrote comments with a rating of 10 out of 10 should not be taken seriously. obviously they've seen few slasher movies and have an even more limited understanding of horror.the only really positive point i can make about this movie is that it does fare better than the choke and one of them, two extremely mediocre slasher movies that i would not wish on my worst enemy!the plot of this movie must have been done hundreds, if not thousands of times. the movie only has a slight twist (and one that is badly handled) to the usual expectations. a depressed singer commits suicide. soon after, her spirit returns to possess one of her surviving friends. the said possessed friend goes on a killing spree. the rest of the plot really is too bizarre to sum up. you'll just have to see it for yourself, providing your interest has not yet waned to the point of extinction of course.the acting in the movie is very poor for the most part. the actress who played dora was an exception to this. her character was always interesting and seductive when she was on the screen. she helps to elevate the movie above similar contemporary efforts. unfortunately, some of the lines she was given to say were badly written to put it mildly and thus prevent her from saving the movie.the direction was equally poor. the villains did not seem the least bit menacing, every killing was totally devoid of suspense or tension, atmosphere was non-existent and the camera-work was incredibly basic. some of the special effects (if you can call them that) reminded me of the tv series, ghost stories. unfortunately for the producers of this movie, ghost stories had intelligently written scripts, believable performances and made superb use of camera angles. maybe if the producers had watched that tv series closely, they'd have picked up some more techniques that might have saved this excuse for a movie!the music is completely unsuited to the tone of the movie. it's just rock music and not the best examples of this type either. don't get me started on that awful song played at the beginning!some aspects of the movie, particularly dialogue, are unintentionally funny. unfortunately they are not funny enough to move the movie up (or should it be down) to the so-bad-it's-good level.overall, studio 666 is a mundane mediocre slasher with very little noteworthy aspects. i recommend this only to those who are fans of straight-to-dvd movies and have a desire to see every single slasher ever made.

this ranks way up there on my top list of worst movies i've seen so far on starz on demand. they seem to pick up every straight to dvd crap-fest they can find and put it on here.why? who knows! apparently anyone with a digital camera and a shoestring budget can come up with a horror movie and get it put on tv. to be honest, this looked terrible from the moment i saw the trailer--but i did give it a real chance.i always try to have an open mind about low-budget movies. some of the best movies i've ever seen were films that worked around their low budget or in other cases only required that low budget to be great.this is not one of those movies.you know the plot by now, i'm sure, if you're reading this. either you heard about it on starz on demand or for whatever reason you ended up on this page out of boredom. it's about a pathetic and whiny girl we get to know for all of 3 minutes in an incredibly bad "heavy metal" music video. whoever put it together must have thought it looked really interesting, but it really, really doesn't. anyway, she kills herself. then she possesses someone. then some killing starts. it's really unmemorable and as completely average and boring as possible. when the first gunshot goes off in her apartment it quite seriously sounds like a piece of popcorn popping. was that the best sound effect they could come up with? i could find a better sound effect to use for free, (with no copyright,) on the internet... right. now.don't let the other reviews claiming this is a 10 star movie fool you. they are obviously either distributors of the film or maybe even the director trying to con you into thinking this piece of junk is worth buying.laughable.

well, because i'm a musician i thought, maybe i'll check this movie out on tmc, nothing else good on. one of the worst mistakes of my life so far, and it's only half done. i seriously thought it was one of those soft core movies with crappy plot and crappy acting, crappy filming and crappy effects. but nope, i don't even get the pleasure of that. even the "musicians" weren't very good. i was hoping for maybe some laughs, but i wasn't sure if they were attempting to throw in one-liners or not. but now i have to sit here and watch the rest just until pulp fiction starts. or maybe something better. and now i get to sit here typing until i have 10 lines

cassidy(kacia brady)puts a gun in her mouth blowing the back of her head out on boyfriend neal(jason dibler). cassidy was the lead singer of a "demons and death" rock band who couldn't shake the sad feelings of her boyfriend's neglect towards her(you know, i can find other reasonable ways to solve this other than putting a bullet through your head). she returns, however, possessing the soul of dora(jill small)her friend who is to replace her on vocals so that the group can finish the album halted by cassidy's untimely death. but, cassidy made a deal with the dark one and souls are to be collected..she's consumed by this anger towards mainly neal, but all the band members or anyone within the music studio get dead when they fall prey to whom they believe is a rather distraught dora..not cassidy returning for payback.lousy micro-budget horror flick looks cheap, has a cheap cast who should make plans in another line of work, and boasts cheap kill-scenes which aren't effective one bit.

for the most part, on demand delivers some pretty horrible horror movies, and only offers other horror movies everyone has already seen, and already have an opinion on. it was either this, or invinicible (i like mark wahlberg movies), which i haven't seen, and i was actually in a movie watching mood, which doesn't happen often anymore because i've already watched all the movies i own a million times, and that's a lot of movies, and i don't have much interest in new movies, and boy, this movie made me regret it. i'm not going to put in any spoilers, i'm just going to tell you that only a few of the very few actors in this movie ,are half way decent. i think the main girl, the dead one who kills everyone, is very annoying looking, but convincing; i'd take her for psycho bitch anyday, so she fits her roll well, though it is lame. the blood isn't that great, only a few of the kills, or may i say "woundings" are alright, but you don't see much and there are no body part props in the movie to make the injuries look more convincing. towards the end of the movie i was begging my girlfriend to turn it off, and being a band member, the 'recording' parts weren't very interesting either, though what happened would truly happen when going about recording. i'm done, if you want to watch this, suit yourself.

i am a major fan of the horror genre! i love horror/slasher/gore flicks of all kinds. some of my favorites are the really "good" bad horror flicks. but this movies has nothing to warrant it's viewing!! i'm not going to spend a lot of time talking about everything that's wrong with it.the script is horrid. the acting is horrid. the fx are not even worth discussing. the "set" is an absolute joke!! the sad thing is i think there may be some real potential in a couple of the actors, but this vehicle left them nothing to work with!!!suffice it to say i saw it for "free" & feel i was robbed!! the time you'd waste watching this would be better spent flossing your cat.

this movie is bad. if you are thinking about watching it, there is only one decent scene in the movie, and it lasts about 5 seconds (amanda carraway's topless scene). the rest of the movie is horrible. i think high school plays probably have better acting. the plot makes no sense at all. the set was pretty lame, and it wasn't even good to make fun of. it was just dull and very very bad! i watched this on starz so i thought it had to be at least decent. the mini description sounded like it'd be alright. the girlfriend kills herself for apparently no reason at the beginning of the movie, after you have to watch some horrible music video. the transitions between scenes are very abrupt and its like someone just put a ton of clips into a movie without even thinking about how to transition them. just cuts from one scene to another, no smoothness. kind of like my random switching from talking about how bad the movie is, to explaining why the plot sucks. the audio gets low at some points, where you can barely hear it, then gets loud with gay 'horror screams' thrown in at random points in the movie. it is the same sound every time. this is now officially the worst movie i have ever seenacting: 0/10 effects: 1/10 storyline: 0/10 music: 3/10lame-meter : 1,000,000 / 10

whoever wrote the script for this movie does not deserve to work in hollywood at all (not even live there), and those actors need to find another job. the most dreadful hour and some minutes of my life... and i only kept watching to see if it would get better which, unfortunately for me it did not.even at the end, the credits gave me anxiety. i guess there weren't a lot of people behind the movie so they had to roll the credits slowly... very slowly.this movie is definitely a great "how not to make a movie" guide. too bad i can't give a 0.

one of my best friends brought this movie over one night with the words 'wanna watch the worst horror movie ever?' i always enjoy a good laugh at a bad horror flick and said yes. i had expected your typical cheesy b-slasher but this was beyond b. this is z-slasher, the lowest of the low. with obviously low budget, extremely bad acting, bad lightning, no plot, really bad so-called 'special effects', shaky cameras and a horrible soundtrack this makes movies like house of wax look like oscar-winning masterpieces. the only good thing about it is about 15 seconds of one of the characters getting topless - she had some very nice tits. most of what i said during this film was along the lines of 'wow this is actually so bad', 'this is the worst movie ever' and 'i'm not drunk enough for this'. so in conclusion: don't waste your time (or money!).

after a quasi-gothic, all-fruity music video, the movie starts with cassidy the lead singer killing herself. in a perfect world that would be that and the end credits would roll. we don't live n that world. the insipid band members decide to go to some clown to contact her dead essence. when i say clown, i mean actual clown. he tell them they're all going to die via cassidy's ghost (the spirit possesses dora, one of the band-mates) we couldn't care less as the characters are all boring, vapid, and extremely horribly acted. written by adam hackbarth (an incredibly apropos surname if there ever was one), and directed by corbin timbrook (who after the attendant, and tower of blood, has to know that he keeps making crap for a living), this movie s a constant battle between the film's incompetence and the viewer's need to stay awake. not enough blood to appease gore-hounds, nor enough nudity to satisfy pervs. this movie in fact has absolutely nothing to recommend to absolutely anyone.my grade: f eye candy: amanda carraway gets topless where i saw it: starz on demand

i think that if i went to a first school somewhere deep in the countryside and asked the bottom set of english to come up with a script, it would make more sense than this. i could then go to the first year drama group and they would act it out better than the jokers in this film. this sounds really mean, but i'm certain that they made this as a joke and are entirely aware that they possess (see what i did there?) neither the skills to act or to write anything, ever.watch this only if you're incredibly drunk, high or in need of a good excuse as to why your decaying corpse was found with slit wrists. i will now go to my fish bowl and collect all of the poo at the bottom. after that, i will mould it into the shape of a disc and put it into my dvd player, fully expecting it to produce something far better than this trumpery.acting - 0/10 plot - lol/10 breasts - 9/10

considering the limits of this film (the entire movie in one setting - a music studio - only about 5 or 6 actors total) it should have been much better made. if you have these limits in making a film, how could the lighting be so bad? and the actors were terrible, were talking a hair below the acting in clerks, except that was an enjoyable movie, this had no substance. well it tried to, but really fails.it makes attempt to be self-referencing in a couple parts, but the lines were delivered so poorly by the actors it was just bad. and the main character neal guy, what a pathetic looser. clearly like 10 people total made this 'film' and they all knew each other, and it probably was a real rock band that they had, but unfortuntly these people really have no idea how terrible they are all around. this was made in 2005, but they all look so naieve it smacks of just pre-grunge era.thankfully i didn't pay to see this (starz on demand delivers again!) but it was under the title "the possessed" not studio 666, it doesn't matter what you do to the title, it can't help this. this could have been a much better made movie - there is no excuse for this bad film-making when you have the obvious limited parameters the filmmakers had when they made this, working within those limits you should make the stuff you can control and the stuff you can work with the best you can. instead they figured mediocrity would be good enough. and that music video, wow that was bad, i fast fowarded through that.so 2/10 is fair, if you are into the whole b-movie crap i suppose you'll go and see this.

i've probably been spoilt by having firstly seen the 1973 version with michael jayston and sorcha cusack so the 1983 adaptation is such a disappointment. i just didn't get any chemistry between the 2 main stars. a lot of staring and theatrical acting just doesn't do it for me, and what was all that about putting tim in the role of rochester. had the casting director actually ever read the book. very strange! he's a fine actor but mr. rochester he definitely isn't! and zelah was just, well, strange, bit of a mix matched couple. in it's favour the supporting cast were pretty good and the lowood scenes for me were the best of the adaptation, but overall didn't capture any of the magic of the novel. certainly wouldn't ask anyone to watch it as a true adaptation of the novel. a real let down!

this adaptation positively butchers a classic which is beloved for its subtlety. timothy dalton has absolutely no conception of the different nuances of rochester's character. i get the feeling he never even read the book, just sauntered on set in his too tight breeches and was handed a character summary that read "grumpy, broody, murky past." he plays rochester not as a character or as a real person but as an over the top grouch who never cracks a smile until after he gets engaged at which point he miraculously morphs into a pansy. there is no chemistry. the only feeling that this adaptation excited in me was incredulity and also sympathy for charlotte bronte who is most definitely turning in her grave. go and reread the book. rochester has a personality. and by the way: a "passionate" love scene does not mean you have to eat her face.

the worst kind of film. basically, the us declaration of independence was replaced with a plasma screen and this fooled the museum's security for several days. eh?the plasma screen that would theoretically run for less than 2 seconds off that watch battery, assuming it had a low enough internal resistance to deliver the required current, which it wouldn't.it would be possible with a dozen large car batteries and an inverter, but that system wouldn't fit into the case. sorry to be anal, but this isn't even close to being plausible. the rest of the film wasn't a great deal better and i'm left wondering why the budget couldn't have been donated to charity or me.

i only saw this movie once, and that was enough for me. the movie has very little if any plot and seems to be nothing but continuous scenes of psycho-sadistic violence and very little of anything else. i wanted to see this movie because it starred zoe trilling of the second "night of the demons;" and i wanted to see her playing someone normal. unfortunately, the tobe hooper script barely begins and goes nowhere as robert englund dominates the film and chews up the scenery and plot. zoe, i know where you are now; hiding from this film !

omg this is one of the worst films iv ever seen and iv seen a lot i'm a film student. i don't understand why angelina jolie would be in this movie? did she need the money that badly? i love aj and have seen almost everything shes ever been in so i watched this 2 tick another one off. it was soo bad! not even good bad, just bad bad. it had 1 or 2 funny little moments but all in all it was bad n a waste of 101 minutes. i cant even say aj looked good in it because well she didn't. the plot is predictable unless you r expecting a re-telling of romeo and juliet then its not. all round disappointing. maybe if your 12 this could be a good film otherwise i really don't recommend it.

well, tivo recorded this because of angelina jolie. it had 2.5 stars. it seemed promising. it went downhill fast.there is much overacting, even from angelina. she's about 20 and playing a 16 year old. there are three characters that are supposed to be italian. everyone else is italian- american. the native italian accents were good, i thought. the young male lead is cute, my wife says. everyone else in this movie is a fat italian woman. even the men.i should have known that when dick van patten was cast as a randy doctor, that that was a bad sign. the two couples chasing their kids around are like the four italian stooges.my wife would not let go of the remote. hopefully she was not taking makeup, clothing or decorating tips. it was a sick and twisted combination of hideous and garish. it was hidegarishous.cutting off my left ventricle was not sufficient to distract from the pain of watching this movie. if this movie shows up on your tv, do yourself a favor and ram your head through the tv screen instead. you'll be glad you did. the only movie i've ever seen that was worse than this was "hamburger: the movie". or maybe "deadly friend".

i'm a big porsche fan, and the car was the best star in this film.haim, the now dried up drug abusing child star of the 80's is bland as per usual, and commenting on back up from minor characters/actors would be pointless; needless to say they were all very average. it's a cool movie as a trip down memory lane into the 80's - with some weird clothes, some good shots of the colorado backdrop and a very harmless albeit mind numbing plot.all in all, please don't waste your time watching this unless you love 80's movies, corey haim, or like myself, love old school porsches (this one in particular looks great) because life's too short to watch crappy movies.

this week, i just thought it would be fun to catch up with corey haim, with just having seen the two "lost boys" films last week and all. not that i'm a fan-boy - not by far - but i did like those two coreys in some films back in my early teen days.so, i prepared myself for three films starring him. unfortunately, i picked "dream machine" as a first (never seen it before), and it was so godawfully horrible, i just decided to lock corey back in my closet and let him sober up again first, before i pop in something else of his. but i managed to struggle my way through this film first. i had the impression it desperately wanted to play in the same league as "ferris bueller's day off" (1986) but got caught up in its own delusions. practically the whole film it wants to be a comedy and near the end it hopelessly tries to be a thriller. the only good thing about "dream machine" is the premise: a dead body in the trunk of a porsche. all the rest fails so badly, it's embarrassing. even the most for haim. i can dig him being his young, enthusiastic self, but at least when he comes with some form of directorial guidelines. this clearly wasn't the case in "dream machine". so, we have a perfect car, yes, that black porsche. haim's perfect girlfriend? just a blonde chick who hardly has any lines in the film. the perfect murder... almost? some dude that falls flat on his ass as the villain of the film, trying the whole movie to steal the body back out of the trunk, never really succeeds, and then at the end of the film thinks he's michael myers (minus the white william shatner mask) and mistakes corey haim for jamie lee curtis. don't think they could have made this flick any lamer if they tried. a stupid, unfunny film with a story that leads to nowhere directed by a director that doesn't know how to direct his cast. great accomplishment!one last question for mr. haim: who's idea was it to have you smile directly into the camera in that last shot of the movie? yours or the director's? so not done.

i hope the viewer who regards 'dream machine' as one of corey haim's finest and the "best movies of the century" was kidding. undetected sarcasm on my part? i sincerely hope so.'the dream machine' marks the first of a long line of mediocre capers that would plague the rest of corey haim's career (except 'prayer of the rollerboys' which was surprisingly decent). here, haim plays nonchalant college boy, bernie, who supposes that a cool car will attract his dream girl's attention. lucky for bernie, a rich woman aiming to get back at her cheating husband, hastily decides to reward her faithful piano tuner--bernie--with a gift: a slick porsche turbo. however, unbeknownst to the woman, and unfortunate for bernie, is that her dead husband was murdered and his body was hidden in the trunk. now, being that in this movie, bodies don't seem to decay or possess a rather foul funk, bernie is unaware of this. in fact, the oblivious boy has no idea that something suspicious is afoot despite several odd circumstances that arise. in particular, a grizzly man follows him around, desperate to get hold of that body relatively undetected.this is a low-grade action fizzle as many of haim's films like this are (see the double o kid). despite being part action, part romantic comedy, this movie fails to offer the viewer much of anything of interest for at least the first forty-five minutes in which the filmmakers take more than enough time to show the immediate problem (i.e. bernie being in possession of a car and a dead body, and a hit-man finding out that the porsche is going to be hard to find). after which, and thanks to poor acting by haim (i loved this kid, too, but it's not exactly sacrilegious to admit the times when he obviously couldn't act well) and the lack of real immediacy and emergency between bernie and the villain that makes much of the events unconvincing and as a result, inappreciable. to add injury to insult, the soundtrack was unbelievably laughable and sounded more like self-evident songs you would hear in team america (see the 'date' montage).loyal corey haim fans, however, should not be disappointed to see their boy in abundance. however, others understanding that haim's career probably peaked when he was 14 or 15 and never recovered, might expect mediocrity, as will viewers just looking for early 90s b-comedy fluff to pass the time.

the story at the outset is interesting: slavery in the (late) 20th century from west africa to the arab middle east. the problem with it is that it intentionally castigates two of director richard fleisher's favorite enemies: arabs and germans. to make us believe that very arab-looking men would be free to roam around and easily catch blacks in west africa is as believable as whites hunting for slaves in "roots". obviously both trades are/were run by locals and involve(d) much more sophisticated networks. while arab countries are complicit in today's child and sex slave trade, israel is one of the worst violators according to amnesty international. so why only point out arabs and then choose a german as the only european buyer? it's obvious bias and hatred of those people by a jewish director.the acting is above average, especially by peter ustinov (suleiman) and kabir bedi (malik). michael caine (dr. linderby) is good as always.

there seem to have been any number of films like this released during the 70's. and the fact that i cannot recollect the title to a single one of them off-hand is a measure of their impact. these are what novelists would call 'pot-boilers'. they are scarcely more than a vehicle for keeping movie-stars in the public eye.we have micheal caine, peter ustinov, omar sharif, rex harrison and william holden; more than enough names to get bums on cinema seats. every taste in hero is catered for. though one suspects that most of the audience still went away disappointed.their talents are simply thrown away, and i wonder that stars with so much money and such reputation can be yet so desperate or lacking in good sense. this sort of movie hardly adds gilding to a cv. sometimes maybe actors should choose their director instead of the other way round.it was pretty obvious that it would be crap even from the outset. that ludicrously mismatched jaunty-jazz theme music, which also percolated up every time some incidental noise is needed, had all the atmospheric conviction of elevator muzak. who imagined employing a jazz band when a scene depicted the steamy jungles of central africa, or the endless sahara with camels and palms as a backdrop? definitely a serious goof-ball. ennio morricone would have known what to do; and his results would have oozed enough atmosphere and tension to raise my rating a good two points. this director should have taken the trouble to watch 'lawrence of arabia', or even sergio leone's westerns; he might have learnt a few things. but then again, probably he wouldn't.alfred hitchcock played the disappearing wife theme to good effect in his film 'frantic'. it was later remade with equal panache staring harrison ford. in each case the confusion surrounding her loss and the tension of the chase was tangible. here, when michael caine might be otherwise compelled to employ a little brain and bravado, rex harrison kept popping-up out of no-where like some wily old genii, to put him back on track whenever the narrative stumbled. at least the photography was rather good, with excellent use of the often beautiful environment. but then the dumb music must pipe-up and blow to atoms what little ambiance this created.action scenes were also contrived and stilted, with such ineptly choreographed fight sequences that they might have been staged in a first-year drama class. and, of course, the players must fight to a jazz accompaniment - as you do.and that's about as much comment as this item deserves. except to say that the script was pretty wretched as well.stick with your hobby on this one. even if it contained your favourite movie-stars, you're sure to be disappointed too.

the worst, and chock full of people who really ought to know better, (the cast have six oscars between them). it's set in 'contemporary' africa, (it was made in 1979), and is about the slave trade. it's appallingly scripted and acted, (michael caine, peter ustinov and william holden reach a career low in this one), and completely lacks excitement never mind any moral focus. it's also ludicrously plotted. you don't for a minute believe that any of the characters would behave in the way they do under these circumstances. richard fleischer directs but you get the impression it was over the telephone. this is as bad as it gets.

i saw this obvious schlock fest on a video store shelf. and before i got my first vcr i figured i'd christen it with this little gem and it's bad film-making at it's finest!the dialog is inadvertently hilarious. and it contains a cameo with donald trump. anthony quinn is in it inexplicably. and much like christopher walken seemed to want to star in every bad movie in his later years. this movie is mr. quinn's country bears.it features lines like, "shut up and let me fight!!!"and "you're saying a lot of sh_it!" and the priceless comeback: "unfortunately it is sh_it, tough angry sh_it!"you'll be awed by a fight scene as bo does a sommersault across a billiard table! and does a nice kung fu kick when she comes up from the roll! chop socky action and t and a thrills!!!what schlock movie fan could ask for more? oh, and when mr. quinn's character commits suicide and and comes back to haunt bo as a ghost she asks him why he killed himself rather then deal with his debilitating illness? he says, "real men don't eat quiche."uh, aaa, yeah. if bo was a smart cookie she woulda called for an exorcist right then and there!

the derek's have over the 1980s produced a few decent bids to acquire the title "worst movie of all time", and this is probably their prime achievement in these stakes. in fact, this film can be regarded as belonging to the "so bad, it's good" category, right up there with the products of the likes of edward wood jr. or doris wishman. this explains the imdb voting pattern for this film with some people handing out top marks.anthony quinn made the odd dodgy film in his time, but this performance as a randy ghost is so incredibly bad, it has to be seen to be believed.

skip mission: galactica and watch the original living legend episodes instead. the network took parts 1 & 2 of living legend and jammed them into one plot with the awful fire in space episode. although galactica suffered from network-controlled writing and a lack of time to prepare for a proper production, living legend is the best of the 1978 tv series. fire in space, on its own, is one of the worst episodes. as a historical note, watch galactica, the original star trek, and then the revival trek series, and you'll see the difference in quality between network-produced sci-fi and syndicated sci-fi.

this movie's one of my favorites. it's not really any good, but it's great to laugh at. the dialogue can become incredibly ludicrous and poorly acted (eg, "manji, can we ask you a few questions?" "sure." "we think you can help us with the answers.") any fighting is more or less surrealistic. make sure to watch for brock, the oafy white guy who attacks the main characters. he only has two lines, but he's one of the best guys in the movie!

two old buddies are sent to japan to get back results of a genetic research containing videotape, which is stolen by the black suited ninjas at the beginning of the movie. first they just have to learn some ninja skill, because "only ninja can beat the ninja."sakura killers tries hard to be enjoyable ninja-flick but fails that badly. the whole movie is just so hollow and predictable that is hard to say anything good about it: same plot has been seen in different variations dozens of times before, characters are too briefly drawn, direction is dull and script doesn't offer anything surprising, even in the ending scene, which by itself reduced movie's (trash)value.even 80's ninja-flick-fan, who understands the esthetic of trash-movies, is hard to find this movie even barely enjoyable. it simply doesn't offer anything new to viewer, neither in visual level nor in plot. shurikens are thrown and katanas are swinging, but it's not enough to lead the movie direction it meant to be and recurred similar fighting scenes numbs even the most calloused viewer after the first 30 minutes.it's hard to recommend movie to anyone. even franco nero's clumsy performance in "enter the ninja" falls behind sakura killer's american-ninjas. even in visual level movie doesn't have any balls and it's waste of time to try to find any great fighting scenes in this movie: there isn't any. in all, one of the most futile ninja-flicks, i've ever seen. doesn't interest even in curiosity. trust me on this one.½ out of 10.

sakura killers (1+ outta 5 stars) maybe in 1987 this movie might have seemed cool... if you had never ever seen a *good* ninja movie. cheesy '80s music... cheesy dialogue... cheesy acting... and way-beyond-cheesy martial arts sequences. the coolest scene is at the beginning... with an aged chuck connors playing golf on a beach... several black clad ninjas try to sneak up on him and it looks like he is too intent on hitting his ball to notice... suddenly he reaches into his golf bag and... naw, i won't spoil it for you... if you ever have the misfortune of seeing this movie you'll thank me. the story is a lot of nonsense about some stolen videotape or something. a bunch of dim-bulb caucasian heroes are trained in the ways the ninja because "only a ninja can fight a ninja" or something like that. strange, these guys don't seem to fight any better after their training than before... oh well, the movie does move along pretty briskly. the fight scenes may not be great.. but they are plentiful... and the overdone sound effects are good for a few chuckles.

i'm in awe! wow, prepare to be blown away by the uncanny ways of the ninja. watch them as they pounce, crawl along the ground (on their backs or stomachs) like a caterpillar, fly through the sky, climb buildings, hide and spring from trees, throw about ninja stars, role out blue welcome mats, disappear in smoke bombs, make a lot of swoosh noises with their blades and quickly sneaking or trotting about on their toes. what a sight! really i could go on about the many traditional actions, but i'll be here all day. oh not to forget we even get the legendary chuck connors popping up now and again, and watch him dispatch some ninjas with his shotgun with little ease. what class! what a badass! anyhow the ultra-cheap 'sakura killers' is some stupid, but cheesy ninja action fun that only fanatics of the genre would get anything out of this shonky b-grade debacle.a genetic lab in america has a very important video that's stolen by a couple of ninjas. two americans are sent to japan by the colonel (chuck connors) to retrieve it.the opening of the feature sets it up nicely. get ready for the laughs! afterwards it slows down, but soon after the two main protagonists learns about the ninja and goes through the training it gets a head of steam as they break in costumes and fled after the stolen beta tape that contains a very important formula. this is when the violently swift action and aerobic marital arts really come in to play. it's not too shoddy either, (like the moronic script and daft performances). the final climatic showdown is very well done.in the slow stretches it has the two americans (mike kelly and george nicholas) looking in to the case, sharing brainless conversations and encountering some minor problems. what made me laugh was how the ninjas were put off by how brave and clever these two were. these were supposed to be professional killers? director dusty nelson ('effects (1989)') does an earnest job with what he had and plays it for what it is. he centres the on-screen activities around striking taiwan locations. the score is a chintzy arrangement.

oh yes, sakura killers is a goofy, horrible ninja movie, make no mistake. but it's also an incredibly enjoyable one. this is largely thanks to the awesome presence of one chuck connors, who is billed as starring in the movie but really only shines in a few scenes. i suppose he's supposed to be sort of an obi wan kenobi type ("the tough ninja-buster", the box copy exclaims) but his 'wisdom' is laughable. "move without thinking"??? my friend says this is the sign of mental retardation, not of supreme concentration.but really, his two aides, sonny and dennis, have such horrible dialogue that 'brooklyn', as we call the colonel, tends to shine in comparison. especially watch for dennis' logic regarding the 'genetic splicing' the sakura are involved with. if you know anything about cloning you will die laughing. and yes, this is a major plot point, folks.a terribly fun movie, sakura killers is a hard-to-find gem. i won't spoil the 'trick' ending for you either, except that it's a perfect set up for a sakura killers 2. too bad chuck connors died. :-( because he does have a the smoothest ways of blowing away ninjas.

this is one of the very worst films clark gable made. only parnell was obviously worse. it is just so painfully clichéd and the dialog is so lousy that it is something neither gable nor jean harlow should have been proud of making.gable is a heel whose illegal activities result in his girl going' to the slammer (like the gangster talk?). she holds out hope that he'll do the right thing but he just leaves her there--unknown to either of them, gosh, that she's "in the family way". eventually, the rogue returns to do the right thing and somehow they tie this all together into a happy ending! they seemed to have forgotten about gable's needing to take the rap and spend several years in the hoosegow. leonard maltin says "the stars are at their best here". by what standard? best at producing unintended chuckles? gimme a break!ps--after saying this, my wife thinks leonard maltin is going to find me and kick my butt. hmmm. however, despite my comment, i think mr. maltin is the finest reviewer and human being on the planet (i hope that appeased him).update--2/2/08. because i disliked this film so much the first time (especially the ridiculous ending), i decided to watch it once again. after all, sometimes when i watch a film again i like it much more and realize that i was a bit too harsh. while that has been the case with several films in recent months, i still disliked this film--even the second time. most of it was not because of the first half of the film. in the first half, harlow's character was amazingly stupid but at least it was believable. but when she was sent to prison, it was all clichés until the final ridiculous marriage scene occurred. the bottom line is that this sequence is embarrassingly dumb--it just makes no sense at all and is akin to turning the movie into some wacky fairy tale instead of a love story about two cons. i stand by my original review (despite all the "not helpfuls") and think that aside from parnell and possibly polly at the circus, it might just be the worst gable film.

this movie down-shifts from 4th into 1st without bothering with 3rd or 2nd, grinding gears all the way to the sappy, b-movie finish-line. the con at the beginning is easily the best and cleverest part of the movie. that is worth seeing. the scene with harlow in the bathtub occurs so fast, you may miss it. definitely not worth all the ballyhoo provided by robert osborne in his tcm intro to this bad-to-mediocre confusion. there is no real conflict, and all of the characters in this supposed fringe society turn out to be saints - especially the unbelievable character, al. i wonder if he's got a job for me in cincinnati?

what a dreadful film this is. the only reason you would want to sit through this mess is the pleasurable sight of miss eleniak. the painful overacting of mr mcnamara, which became embarrassing at times, ruined what might have been a reasonable film if the correct actors had been cast. mr mcnamara is no tom cruise, the actor he obviously wants to be.

this is simply the worst movie i've ever seen. neither of the three central characters has any charm, and erika's good looks aren't enough to carry the film. the lamest plot i've ever had inflicted upon me. also the most unconvincing military comedy ever. why did they bother?

... so i thought i'd throw in a few words about william mcnamara. not a bad way to spend a couple of hours if you want to see him in his tighty-whities -- it's obvious he pumped up for this role and he looks pretty darn good in them -- or less. there's an extended sequence in a cave where he has to strip down to his undies. there's a nice bit where he has to chase after miss eleniak in the buff, with only his hands cupped over his groin. william mcnamara is naturally a little on the skinny side, but he has a nice, generous handful of a booty. also, there's a moment when he's getting out of bed that if you pause the action at just the right moment you can see the whole enchilada. if you're inclined to do so, and come on, half of the people who choose to watch a movie about navy men on a "road trip" are. i'd just like thank dennis hopper for his equal opportunity gratuitous nudity. can william mcnamara act? heck if i know.

a comparison between this movie and 'the last detail' is made by some, but 'chasers' is flatter than a stretch of interstate highway in west texas. and like the scenery in the desert, there's nothing much to distinguish it, not even the fact that a female prisoner is being transported by two navy escorts this time around. no one in the cast comes off too well; with this lame script that's not surprising. dennis hopper, the director, won't give much space to this one if he ever writes a memoir, i don't think.

this is actually an insult to the victims and their families of the btk killer. the events in this movie are not even close to the truth. why they couldn't make a movie of the real events doesn't make any sense since the real events are more interesting then this made up farce. don't even waste your time watching this for free. low budget and a shameful depiction of the events which should not be made a joke of, which is really what this movie did. if they would allow me to give a -10 to this movie i would. the acting sucked and it looks like it was shot on an old vhs video camera from the 80s. save your time and money by not watching this movie.

as it is often the case, the impressive and explosive trailers of asian films add up to nothing more than lackluster stories. similar to unleashed (which was great,) dog bite dog tells a story where men are raised as ferocious savage dogs that carry out their master's bidding. the main characters, an emotionally undeveloped, amoral killer who is matched against an equally unstable police officer, are far from the common heroes and villains we often see. in fact, by the end, you lose track of who you're supposed to empathize with, failing to feel even the slightest emotion for either of the men – whether that was the failure of the director or perhaps the underlining message he was trying to tell is up to you to decide.although the beginning of the film was filled with intrigue and unpredictability, by the half-way point it slopped down to a humdrum story of survival and revenge. the suspense which was evident at first soon disappeared because of a grossly mismatched music score which brought down the potentially effective story telling. and in the end, you were left feeling that all that detailed background information and introspection of the main characters was somehow very unnecessary.on the plus side, the transition in story from point a to point b was quite atypical compared to us movies – so those who aren't familiar with asian films and are tired of hollywood's predictability should check it out.the white balance seemed off throughout most of the film. it was like looking into a picture shot on fluorescent when it was supposed to be set on tungsten. maybe i'm the only one, but it strained my eyes.the movie also enjoyed playing tricks on you – an interesting build-up gave me hope for the slow moving story until it was diverted to a low budget, low speed chase scene. and just when you think you were going to get an unanswered indie ending with a mix of shakespearean tragedy, you realize that it's not an ending at all, but rather a transition into a wacky country-music montage about peace and serenity.throw in some grisly from-behind choke scenes, a moment of redemption unexpectedly brought back into savagery and back again the other way, asians' fascination with bodily fluids and a horrible music score that didn't match the film, and you get the average bland asian thriller.i just don't get why every fight scene was overlaid with clips of roaring lions …i thought they were supposed to symbolize dogs? ultimately, in the end, we are reminded about a true killer that still lurks amongst us – tetanus.4/10

after watching this film, i was left with a two very annoyances about this film: why did they make chen's character this "mcguyver hit-man" and lee's character such an incompetent idiot? chen's character's background is that he was raised in an underground cambodian orphanage for blood thirsty fighter where they learn to brawl it out to the death like wild "dogs." this detail is pushed early on during a scene where he gets into a cab and as it starts to drive, he shows how he is unfamiliar with a seat belt. soon after this scene, he has a similar situation at a dim sum restaurant. not only is he uneducated, he is starving. this is not a reference to chen's scrawny physique but to the two early scenes in the film where he is scarfing down food, one of which, being rice porridge off the floor of the lower deck on an old ship. si in the first ten minutes of the film, it is established that chen is malnutrition-ed, unmodernized,and has only thing going for him, his "dog" brawling fighting style of some sort. despite this situation, chen manages to out-shoot every policeman (even managing to ricochet a bullet off a metal pipe to hit a guy in a head, whom was holding chen's girlfriend hostage) and has somehow attained a super human strength (swings a 50 lb block of concrete, plastered on the end of a metal pipe, to the head of the police chief as he is getting shot in the chest, by said chief).now lee's character...okay, i get it, he's depressed, he's got some baggage, but wow, can he do anything right? one moment, they try to make him cool, composed and ready to take care of business, and the next moment, he just got beat again. first scene he runs into chen, and he manages to misses him, from approx 15 ft, multiple times. toward the end of that scene, lee watches chen as his close friend and coworker gets slowly stabbed in the neck with a long knife for a good full 5 seconds, while holding a gun to chen face, at a 10 ft distance. even at the end of the movie, lee manages to get stabbed to death and fails once again.and my biggest problem with this movie is that it is presented in a manner that film makers are trying to get the audience to sympathize with chen's character and that he is just "killing to survive." that would be a lot easier if i didn't just watch chen kill innocent people throughout the whole awful movie. of the numerous people he killed, only two people had the intention of trying to kill him, the police chief and lee. others were just people who were eating, boat owners, taxi drivers, and policemen trying to arrest him, not kill. overall, chen's character is a just a cold blooded killer who kills for what he wants, even if its just a free ride. (did i mention he is carrying a wad of hundred dollar bills throughout most of the film?) my 3 stars go to some of the interesting director/camera work who got in some nice shots.bottomline: one made for the nut-hugging chen fans. for me, "dog bite this dvd"

geez, as a gay man who lives in nyc i can gratefully say that i have never seen the underbelly of gay culture that is portrayed in this film - and i am glad of it!!! was this film broadcast on tv across the united states there would be a great anti-gay backlash and i cannot say that i would blame them. the people in this film do not represent the average gay american or even the average trandgender american, what they do represent is a sheer and utter nightmare. the inclusion of obviously underage characters is appalling and the obvious racist sentiments (anti-white) are blatant and unsettling - society cannot be blamed for people who have chosen drugs, unemployment and rejection of education on the part of the film's "cast" - the actions of these people are not acts of desperation, but rather a rejection of anything resembling personal ambition and a willingness to make something out of one's self.

wow! i'm shocked to learn that it's a small world and that we are all interconnected. what a waste of 88 minutes. john dunne put it much better in one sentence. "no man is an island." the acting wasn't bad. the kids gave it all they had but at times the thread got so thin i couldn't follow it and the only real "hero" in the film ends up in jail after being tormented by a meter maid. i don't know. i just don't get it. oh well.

the story concerns a genealogy researcher (mel harris) who is hired by her estee lauder-like cosmetic queen aunt. her aunt (by marriage we are left to presume) is trying to track down her long lost family in europe. all they have to go on is a photo of a young girl standing by an ornate music box. the researcher heads to europe and conducts her search in places like milan, budapest, and vienna. the scenery is the real thing and is actually shot on location (unlike a murder, she wrote where jessica is supposed to be visiting a far-flung locale and lansbury never left burbank). anyway, she meets a young man who is also searching to solve a family mystery of his own and they team up to track down clues and menace bad guys. the dialogue, particularly the romantic dialogue, is terrible. i watched this because of the scenery but the script was so bad that i stayed on just to see if it would get worse. it did. acting was also off. i can see why mel harris's career never really took off after thirtysomething, but she is adequate (seems too old for her co-star though). but, the supporting players are straight out of the community playhouse. i also lost count of how many times they say "budapest" to each other. yes, it is pronounced bood-a-phesht. we know, okay? i realized halfway into the film that this had to be one of those harlequin movies and sure enough it is. guess that says it all.

take young, pretty people, put them in an exotic locale, stick in a few bad guys, have the two lead characters find romance after a couple of heavy breathing scenes, create the flimsiest of plots, then work out a happy ending for everybody (other than the three or four who get murdered, of course) that's the classic (and successful) format of the harlequin romance. it's not very good but then it's not very bad either, like most of the little yellow pocket books. and the location stuff in budapest is especially interesting, even if they didn't use the wonderful old train station (designed by gustave eifel) or show the city's famous thermal baths.

this movie is basically about some girls in a catholic school that end up getting into trouble because of putting red dye in one in one of their school mates shampoo and after being reprimanded for this act they decide to take off to florida for a vacation. on their way there they meet up with some guys in a local diner and decide that they would both meet up with each other in another location later on. the girls end up on a road side near the woods and stop for awhile and while one of the girls decides to walk around a bit she sees a murder happen in which the local sheriff himself is involved. she becomes scared and runs to tell the others what happened. the other girls decide to go take a look with her and two of them get killed by the killer. then the two remaining girls are caught by the killer and are placed in local jail cell. the deputy sheriff meanwhile is keeping watch over the girls and despite their insistence that the sheriff is the killer he ignores them both and acts as ignorant and everybody else in this movie who just can't put two and two together much less some lousy detective work at that. the best part was the rape scene between the killer and one of the girls where he decides to rape her in her jail cell and it seems that the girl actually wants to be raped by this man and the bare chest scene i admit was good but before their lips meet he has other things in mind. this movie reminds me of the low-budget thriller "blood song" with frankie avalon staring in it, the same motive just a different character part. it's not a movie worth renting not even for an 80's low-budget movie and the ending was the worst ending i have ever seen in a movie and it left me wanting my money back!

shallow grave begins with either a tribute or a rip off of the shower scene in psycho. (i'm leaning toward rip off.) after that it gets worse and then surprisingly gets better, almost to the point of being original. bad acting and amateurish directing bog down a fairly interesting little story, but the film already surpasses many in the "yankee comes down south to get killed by a bunch of rednecks" genre because it is actually shot in the south.a group of college girls head to ft. lauderdale for summer vacation and are waylaid in georgia by a flat tire after getting off the main road. (note to yankees: stay on the highway when you go to florida.) sue ellen (lisa stahl) has to pee so she heads into the woods. when she finally finds a good spot to do her business she witnesses the local sheriff (tony march) strangle his mistress (merry rozelle) to death. (note to yankees: do not wander off into the woods when in the south; not because you might witness a murder, but you may run across a marijuana plantation.) this is the point where the story, not the movie, actually comes close to being good.while tony march will never have to practice his oscar speech, his sheriff dean becomes a creepy facsimile of a normal guy torn by what he has done and what he must do. tom law is likable as deputy scott and is as authentic a southern deputy as i've seen since walton goggins (deputy steve naish) in house of 1000 corpses.a few scenes in the movie are worth the mention. the girls stop at a bbq in south carolina and display their racism when a big black guy checks them out. sue ellen runs into a barn to hide behind some hay bales and in a shockingly realistic moment a large snake is hiding in the hay with her.and in the strangest scene, sheriff dean makes like he's about to rape patty (carol cadby) and tells her to take off her clothes. dean has turned the radio up to drown out the noise of what he's about to do. the preacher on the radio needs to go back and read his bible. his sermon is about how jezebel is saved by the blood of jesus christ. i feel sorry for this preacher's flock. jezebel was in the old testament a few thousand years before christ was born and by no means is she one of the five people you are going to meet in heaven.

i got this movie because i worked at a movie store so i got free rentals. it came in, and the cover made it look alright. hot chick, carrying a weapon, alright, i'll check it out.oh man, bad move. this was so horrible, i spent half the movie watching in fast-forward to get to the nudity, which was minimal. i think maybe three scenes of partial nudity.cheesy dialogue, crappy violence, poor excuses of characters. i feel bad putting this movie down, because i know it was made on a cheap budget, but so was "clerks" and it became a cult classic and a franchise.2/10.

despite the high ratings given to this film by imdb users, this is nothing more than your typical girl-with-a-bad-childhood-obsessively-stalks-married-man film. the attractive justine priestly's brief nude scenes may attract voyeurs, but the film is hackneyed tripe.* 1/2 out of ****

for the record, this film is intriguing but its hardly original. back in 1998 a movie starring talia shire called the landlady had almost the exact same plot but with younger characters.the story is amanda lear has had a bad life, abusive father, horny doctor, mental homes, etc. she's finally released from the happy home under the guidance of her perverted doctor...who she anally abuses and kills the poor guy. (now that was original) the doctor had financed a mansion for her before she killed him and buried the sucker in the backyard. after moving in she falls in love with a stud named richard, who just happens to be married to a blues singer. if you've seen the landlady you know the rest, she kills or tries to kill anyone that gets in between her and richard (including a roadie).much of the idea's came from the previous movie, same idiot sidekick that sticks his nose in, same spying on the guy with a bowl of popcorn, same flying a bodypress. it did have some original material, the beer bottle thing was brutal. the highlight of the movie was amanda's beautiful breasts in the hot-top scene. somewhat of a ripoff but not a total waste of time.4 out of 10

daraar got off to a pretty good start. the first scene really left me at the edge of my seat wondering what would happen next. other than that, the first half of the movie is a total bore. all the first half of the movie is about is rishi kapoor falling head over heels in love with juhi chawla. by the way, don't you think he's a little old for her???things finally start to spice up towards the middle of the film when juhi tells us about her previous husband; and wow what a lunatic is he! he was an over-protective, neat-freak with a really hot temper! he used to beat up poor juhi for no good reason! one of the reasons i really don't like this movie is because i can't stand to see juhi (my favorite actress) get so abused. this film in general has way too much abuse and bloodshed; i find it so sickening!!!anyway, all i'm trying to say is if you're thinking about renting daraar, you should put it right back on the shelf where you found it and pick something else!

the dubbing/translation in this movie is downright hilarious and provides the only entertainment in this otherwise dull and derivative zombie flick. i haven't laughed so hard in my life as i just did watching zombi 3 (and i've seen some really bad dubbing in my life, believe me). seriously, the filmmakers could re-edit this movie and release it as a comedy and make millions of dollars. it's just that funny.but... if falling off your couch laughing at the dubbing in a fulci zombie movie isn't your cup of tea, then avoid this at all costs.

first off i really enjoyed zombi 2 by lucio fulci. this film was utter trash. i couldn't stand to watch it. the storyline was a joke, the acting was a joke, and the fact that zombi 3 has nothing to do with zombi 2 is even more a joke.we jump from voodoo to death 1 the harmful agent brining people back to life. whatever, this movie isn't worth the $1.00 it cost to rent it. i really enjoyed lucio fulci movies but this one was horrible. if zombi 3 is an indicator for how zombi 4 and 5 are going to be i think i will just skip them.zombi 2 is an awesome flique tho.

although the likeliness of someone focusing on this comment among the other 80+ for this movie is low, i feel that i have to say something about this one. i am not the kind of movie-watcher who pays attention to production value, thought-provoking dialog, or brilliant acting & directing. however, i claim that this movie sucks. i don't know why i don't like it... i mean it has almost everything i want out of a horror movie: blood, outrageousness, unintentional humor, etc. according to this evidence it should be my favorite. still, zombi 3 is a baaad movie.there are just too many things that compels you to yell at the screen. like when the girl leaves the army guy when their car breaks down to find water (this spoils nothing so don't worry). she walks into what i see as an abandoned hotel or something. did she not see that there was a friggin' lake in the middle of the building??? yes she's looking for water and passes up a lake. why? cuz she wants to know why the people (who aren't there cuz the place is abandoned) won't answer her when she calls out: "is anybody there?" oh this is just a little, insignificant piece of the big picture i'm painting.there is a reason, though, why i gave this film more than 1 star. it's one of those movies where if you forget how bad it really is, like i have a few times, you'll want to watch it again because it's just so over-the-top in every aspect. i called it blood in the first paragraph, but this movie has no blood, it has an ocean of gore. also, it has pretty weird creatures in it as well: a zombie-baby (with an adult-size hand???) and a magically flying head to name just two.you know when you try to think of the worst and cheesiest movies ever made and you come up with '50's sci-fi movies? i believe that zombi 3 and movies like it should top those. it has all the elements: scientists arguing with the government, warnings of the apocalypse on the radio, armies battling monsters, and so on. this is the plan 9 of the '80's! while i won't say that this is a waste of money if you want to buy it, just expect the very worst. and when you find out that expecting the worst is underestimating zombi 3, it won't be all that bad. you might actually like it, i'm not saying that's impossible.don't think i hate this movie, i don't... really. oh, p.s. killing birds (aka zombie 5) rules! (did i just blow my credibility?)

this was the third remake of sleeping with the eniemy after yaarana(1995) and agnisakshi(1996)agnisakshi was the only one which worked and was a better filmdaraar is directed by abbas mustan who sadly failed in their attempt herethe story was good but the handling wasn't that good and the heroine was shown too regressive and the climax too was disappointingdirection is bad music is goodrishi reprises his role of yaarana(strangely which also was a remake of swte) and looks too fat for the lead and is okay juhi is decent while arbaaz tries too hard in his debut and does manage in many scenes to chill the audiences but his voice was terrible johny is too loud

ohhh man! now this is what i'm talking about! as far as bad/cheesy horror flicks go this movie was truly in a class of its own. a real gem!first off, the film wasn't originally in english. that's okay because the voice dubbing was truly exceptional! here is my favorite excerpt from the dialog (and there is plenty more where this came from)… "i'm feeling a little better. i'm just thirsty… for your blood!"and what drama! here is a play by play recap of the interaction between the military and scientists…scene 1… scientist: "you can't do that… it'll be a disaster!" -- military officer: "that's just science fiction" (he then proceeds to cause a complete disaster just like the scientist predicted).scene 2… scientist: "if you do that many people will die!!!" -- military officer: "you don't know what you're talking about." (he does it and many people die).scene 3… scientist: "don't do that… it'll kill everyone!" -- military officer: "that's nonsense" (he then proceeds to kill everyone)scene 4, 5, 6, 7… (you get the idea).if that wasn't enough… there were a few scenes that really stood out as instant classics! in one scene, the military has literally 10 guys pointing guns at two unarmed men. the leader yells, "go get 'em!" and all 10 army guys, one at a time, drop their guns and fist fight the two adversaries! instant classic!and don't worry. no attention to detail was left out! this movie even had a hip/upbeat '80's keyboard/synth soundtrack to set the mood!and trust me… i realize this review might contain some spoilers, but there are so many goodies in this epic i really only scratched the surface. a movie of this caliber only comes out once a decade! a true movie watching experience! a masterpiece! wow!

robert taylor definitely showed himself to be a fine dramatic actor in his role as a gun-slinging buffalo hunter in this 1956 western. it was one of the few times that taylor would play a heavy in a film. nonetheless, this picture was far from great as shortly after this, taylor fled to television with the successful series the detectives.stuart granger hid his british accent and turned in a formidable performance as taylor's partner. taylor is a bigot here and his hatred for the indians really shows.another very good performance here was by veteran actor lloyd nolan as an aged, drinking old-timer who joined in the hunt for buffalo as well. in his early scenes, nolan was really doing an excellent take-off of walter huston in his oscar-winning role in the treasure of the sierre madre in 1948. note the appearance of russ tamblyn in the film. the following year tamblyn and nolan would join in the phenomenal peyton place.the writing in the film is stiff at best. by the film's end, it's the elements of nature that did taylor in. how about the elements of the writing here?

this is the worst documentary to come out of canada ever!!!! i'm glad to see the guys haven't made another movie. all they want to do is get a movie made and it doesn't have to be the one they wrote. they keep changing the script to suite the person they're pitching. i could not get out of the theatre fast enough when i saw it at that year's toronto film festival. please never see this film.

i really wanted to like this movie. i absolutely love kenny hotz, and spenny rice has a charming side to him. not that i like spenny at all. spenny ruins this movie. he should of let kenny and his hot girlfriend pitch the movie.anyways, it's pretty boring aside from a scene with roger ebert in it. there really isn't too many celebrities in this movie, and most don't seem to say more than one line. overall this movie was disappointing. i would only suggest watching it if you got it with the season 1 dvd of kenny vs spenny (it comes for free on the 3rd disc). regardless of this production, i am still very excited to check out the papel chase.

it's impossible for me to objectively consider this movie. not that i haven't tried, mind you - but i sit down, and i pop in the aged vhs, and i watch the opening...and suddenly i'm five years old again and clutching my very own care bear and watching the movie with open eyes and an eager heart.i can see, objectively, that this movie is a bizarre combination of cuddly baby merchandising-mascots and creepy prepubescent children with evil powers that has a thin story and uninteresting animation. but my inner five-year-old goes, "yay! care bears!" every time i think about it. so - i'd only (cautiously, reluctantly) recommend this movie for those who saw it during their early youth and can call on the awesome power of nostalgia while watching it (like me) or those lovably cynical gen-x/y-ers who deliberately seek out the wonderfully bad/strange (a category in which this movie...definitely belongs). to those actually looking for a compelling movie or wholesome family entertainment: you might want to keep looking.

this movie portrays ruth as a womanizing, hard drinking, gambling, overeating sports figure with a little baseball thrown in. babe ruths early life was quite interesting and this was for all intents and purposes was omitted in this film. also, lou gehrig was barely covered and this was a well know relationship, good bad or indifferent, it should have been covered better than it was. his life was more than all bad. he was an american hero, an icon that a lot of baseball greats patterned their lives after. i feel that i am being fair to the memory of a great baseball player that this film completely ignored. shame on the makers of this film for capitalizing on his faults and not his greatness.

i'm glad that i saw this film after mr.sandler became famous.it is bad....bad,bad,bad. there is no plot. it's like watching a painfully dull home movie.i really enjoy his other films......but if you're a fan like me....stay away from this one. it may change your thoughts on adam. you may never recover from the horror that is this film....i've had a better time watching old folks play scrabble in a home.......

unwatchable. you can't even make it past the first three minutes. and this is coming from a huge adam sandler fan!!1

...okay, maybe not all of it. lured by the false promise of bikini-clad women on the movie's cover...but the horror...the horror... ...whatever you do, do not watch this movie. gouge out your eyes, repeatedly bash your skull in...do what it takes. never again--never forget!

if you've ever seen this movie, you'd know that it! if you haven't, and want to see a classic bad movie, i suggest you see this movie, because it ranks right down with the worst. so, if you're really bored, go rent it. if you want to know what it's like, here's my little summary: adam sandler is hired to work on a giant cruise ship with some ms universe models and five other people. adam doesn't like how one passenger is getting all the babes, and he tries to take over with the cheezy jokes. but wait! it only gets worse! you'll have to rent the movie yourself to see how bad it truly is.

this is definitely the worst movie adam's ever done but at this point in his life, he was just happy to have a movie. there are 3 or 4 laughs in it but i used the fast forward button through some of it. don't waste your time. i only saw it because i wanted to see all of his movies, but it sucked.

i picked up this movie for $5 dollars at a discount book store, adam sandler is a awesome actor and i figured it would be a good movie, well, it wasn't. there was absolutely no story line at all, bad jokes, and the other comedian said "the f-word" every other word he said,cursing usually dosen't bother me but this was over the top. and even worse than the lack of story line was the parts when sandler would just begin talking into the camera at random parts in the movie, it reminded me of dora the explorer when they turn and look at the screen and ask you questions. and last of all is when they would randomly put in bikini shots of girls at random times in the movie. in my opinion, don't buy this movie, its a waste of money

i've just had the evidence that confirmed my suspicions. a bunch of kids, 14 to 22 put on the dvd of "titanic" on a fantastic state of the art mega screen home entertainment type deal. only two of them had actually seen it before. but they all had seen the moment of kate, leo and celine dion so many times that most of them felt they had seen the whole movie. shortly after the epic started, they started to get restless, some of them left asking the others -- "call us when the iceberg appears" over an hour and a half into the movie, only the two girls who had seen the movie before, were still there. they started shouting: iceberg, iceberg. a stampede followed, they all came back to see the sinking of the titanic. they sat open mouthed, emitting ohs and far outs. so, just like i thought when the movie first burst into the scene. what is this? one and a half hours waiting for the bloody thing to sink but what about the rest of the of it. dr. zivagho, for instance, had a similar running time, but think how much takes place in that film within the same period of time. in "titanic" leo teaches kate how to spit. look at the faces and hands of the, supposedly, creme de la creme in the first class dining room of the ship. look at the historical details, if you can find them. the storyline is so thin that they have to introduce guns and shootings in a ship that is about to sink. the real sinking here is of film standards. all the efforts are focus on special effects and opening week ends. the film went on to become the highest grossing movie of all time so, what do i know?

once upon a time there was a director by the name of james. he brought us wonderfully, thrilling science-fiction such as terminator and aliens. these movies were the stuff blockbusters were made of and he looked to have a fantastic future ahead of him as the dawn of computer generated special effects landed upon the film industry. terminator 2 showed gave us glimpses of what was possible in this new era........and then it happened...................1997........countless awards..........obscene amounts of money............outlandish barrage of advertising............maximum profit margin........titanic was here!i have never (ever) been one to jump on the bandwagon and be overly critical for the sake of it, in fact i have often taken the opposite stance from the majority just to get an argument going. titanic however was a film i only took one single positive out of - that of kate winslett being absolutely gorgeous throughout!quickly - the dialogue was like something out of beverly hills 90210, the acting was more wooden than my nephew's tree house, images meant to terrify were actually comical (man falling from ship and hitting propeller), historically false (don't even get me started because there's too much), it had dire theme music (up there with the bodyguard for cheese) and the pointless love story was so tedious, self absorbing and pathetic that it disrespected the plight of everyone else involved (i was glad when he died and disappointed when she did not).it was plainly obvious from the word go that this picture was designed to appeal to mtv watching, bubblegum chewing, boy-with-car chasing, teenage girls (decaprio himself resembled something less heroic than the weedy member of a boy band) who would drag their sex-starved boyfriends out for a three and a half hour chick-flick hoping to get lucky later! the worst aspect was that it did not stop at that point. millions of dumbed down, culture vultures went to see this expensive waste of celluloid because "it cost so much to produce it must be great" and "steve and barbara said it was good and they know their movies". the crowning glory arrived when titanic swept the boards at the academy awards. king james of hollywood had a serious moment of silence for the victims of the fatal evening on which his three and a half hour farce was based. it looked to me as if he was praying for forgiveness after making a fortune off inaccurately portraying the circumstances that lead to the death of a lot of people. however, if people are stupid and sentimental enough to buy into this kind of rubbish they deserve to get ripped off. good luck to hollywood if that is how they want to make money, i'd do it if i had those kind of chances in life!it is right up there on my all time worst movies list with other silly, historically false/human interest tripe like "the patriot" and "pearl harbor".

the tragedy of the doomed ship titanic has inspired many books and movies. the battle between nature and technology always caught man's imagination. the latest film concerning this tragedy in the atlantic ocean was written and directed by famous action movie filmmaker james cameron. the story of "titanic" involves two fictional characters (leonardo dicaprio and kate winslet) from different backgrounds (one is a hobo-artist, the other is an aristocrat) and how their love triumphs over societal barriers and the tragedy of a sinking ship that they happen to be on.first of all, although using a historical name, this movie had little regard to history. the plot was built around two fictional lovers, french diamond, and treasure hunters. the deaths of over a thousand of people on the greatest luxury ship of its time became a mere background. many historical facts were simply forgotten. where was the radio operator that ignored the iceberg warnings? why was there no mention of the ship that was only 5 miles away from the titanic but did not come to the rescue because its captain failed to identify the distress signal? omitting these facts is an insult to the tragedy. and what was the point of flavoring this historical disaster with fictional cheesy romance when the story is already as sad as it is.the overall plot was rather shallow; rich equals greed and corruption, poverty equals compassion and heroism. it is very ironic to spend $200 million to make a movie about how money corrupts. there was absolutely no human side shown in anti-heroes. it seemed like billy zane was playing a part of the devil. casting was also very poor. if dicaprio was 2 inches shorter than winslet, you could swear she was his baby-sitter. the length of the movie was unnecessarily stretched to over 3 hours. first hour and the half was wasted on establishing the relationships between the characters that were known to audience long before they went to theater and the dialogue that was used to do so made it even worse. hearing corny pick up lines such as "i see you" and "this is my side of the ship" generated more pain than the screams of drowning people. also, jokes were too abundant and rather lame."titanic" did involve some moving scenes such as the part when the musicians were playing while the ship was sinking but they were no way near anything original. the best thing about this film were its special effects, and that is the only thing that truly deserved an award.although this film lacked artistical value in overall sense, the public could not resist a sentimental story starring romeo (dicaprio), and so the movie became a success. now it is safe to say that the industry will be less hesitant to invest large amounts of money in a single motion picture, so it seems that "titanic" did achieve something after all.

shallow, shallow script ...stilted acting ...the shadows of boom mikes lingering over the actors' heads in scenes ...worth watching because kate mulgrew plays the most selfish mother in tv movie history and it's all before ben affleck got his teeth capped.

i'm not sure how related they are, but i'm almost certain that lost and delirious is a remake of this movie (or the story that it's based on). very similar plotline, and even some of the scenes and sets seem to be very, very similar. lost & delirious is actually a much better movie, so see that one instead.this one moves very slowly, but being a late 60s french movie, that is to be expected of the style. told in a retrospect from the perspective of one of the girls revisiting the school. the editing of the flashbacks with the current scenes is a little bit confusing at first, particularly since the audio from each overlaps (ie, hearing flashbacks while seeing the present and vice versa). also, the "girls" are a bit old to think that they are in a boarding school. finally, not much character development to even get you attached to the movie.

the author of the book, by the same title, should not have let her name be used for this movie. if you have read the book, this movie takes such a liberal interpretation of the actual events in the book and its spirit that the movie and book seem to have quite little in common except the title and some superficial details. the movie adds nothing, in terms of artistic merit, to the book's own literary achievement.for those who have not read the book: you will also be disappointed. not only does the plot move at an incredibly slow pace, it doesn't offer anything more while it is moving slowly (like character development, for example). some viewers might be entertained by some of the graphic lesbian love scenes later on in the movie, but you might as well watch a showtime special for the stuff they show in therese and isabelle--its fairly tame and not imaginative at all.

elephant walk was a thoroughly dull film and i really was quite happy when finally a herd of elephants stormed through the mansion and ended this film. considering the money and cast, you'd sure expect the film to be a lot better, though i also question the odd casting of dana andrews as a man who is in love with elizabeth taylor. it's not just the age difference but i just can't see the pair as a couple. perhaps some of this may be the fault of substituting miss taylor for vivian leigh at the last minute (due to miss leigh's deteriorating mental condition)--though i also have a hard time visualizing andrews and leigh as well. in addition, for an english woman, miss taylor doesn't even seem to try using an accent.the film begins with peter finch and taylor meeting and marrying in england. their plan is to return to finch's tea plantation in ceylon (sri lanka) and at first it seems like a good life. however, there are no women to talk with and the household staff seem to resent her. on top of that, once back home, finch behaves like a boorish jerk and taylor is miserable. neighbor andrews can see this and he declares his undying passion for her. however, taylor isn't yet ready to abandon her marriage. but, through the course of the film finch treats liz more and more like an object and finally she is ready to leave...when out of the blue, cholera strikes the plantation. so it's up to andrews, finch and taylor to work together to save the day--though by this point i really didn't care, as there is absolutely no chemistry between the characters, the dialog is pretty dull and you can't understand why taylor didn't leave her weasel husband within days of arriving in this inhospitable hell.the film isn't particularly engaging or convincing and despite a decent budget by paramount, the film is a sluggish mess. i particularly was surprised that although the film appeared to be filmed on location, many scenes were clearly filmed in a studio with a rear projected (and grainy) shot that wasn't integrated well. in one scene, for instance, taylor, finch and the lot are sitting on the veranda and the grass is bright green. then, when the picture cuts to people dancing right in front of them, the grass is brown! it's clear they really are not in ceylon in this scene or the scene with the giant reclining buddha. my advice is to skip this one or at least keep a pot of coffee nearby to keep you awake. despite its budget, it's just not a very good or inspired film.by the way, could miss taylor have been pregnant during part of this film? in some scenes (particularly at the beginning) she's wearing billowy clothes, has a double-chin and looks puffy. this isn't a criticism--after all, women do get pregnant! but if you look carefully, you'll see what i mean.also by the way, the basic plot in many ways is similar to giant--a great taylor film indeed! it's amazing how casting and decent direction can do so much.

essentially a story of man versus nature, this film has beautiful cinematography, the lush jungles of ceylon and the presence of elizabeth taylor but the film really never gets going. newlwed taylor is ignored and neglected by her husband and later is drawn to the plantation's foreman, played by dana andrews. the plantation is under the spell of owner peter finch's late father whose ghost casts a pall over elephant walk that becomes a major point of contention between taylor and finch. the elephants are determined to reclaim their traditional path to water that was blocked when the mansion was built across their right-of-way. the beasts go on a rampage and provides the best moments of action in the picture. taylor and andrews have some good moments as she struggles to remain a faithful wife in spite of he marital difficulties with finch.

being an independent filmmaker and a huge fan of edward d. wood jr. i purchased this documentary believing that this would finally set the record straight on how gifted and brilliant ed wood actually was. what i got was a disappointing self-centered, conflictive, contradictory compilation of bitter self-aggrandizing has-beens. where people do remember ed wood jr., do people actually remember the second cousin of the guy with the duct tape who knew someone who was in plan nine from outer space? it appears as though, the very minute there is a renewed interest in ed wood, these people come out of the "wood"work! only to take mean spirited swipes at someone who actually gave them a chance when no-one else would! after 50 years i would suggest that many of these people should let go of the fact that they didn't get the $75 they were promised!ed wood was a brilliant creative filmmaker who knew how to entertain. in-fact that was all he lived for. you may giggle when you see ed's films, but somehow you are aware that you are laughing with him, and not at him. but, i digress... back to the film at hand. if you are expecting a film about edward d. wood jr., you won't get it here. if you want a film about cranky bitter old actors, this is the film for you!

watching this stinker constitutes cruel and unusal punishment at the hands of sandler. truly a slow and painful death.'bought the dvd in the $5.88 bin at wal mart. but the thought that keeps echoing in my head is, "how can i get my money back?"the most unforgivable thing about the movie is that the boat just does not sink!best constructive suggestion: mystery comedy theatre. you know that show on the scifi channel in which some guy and his muppet-machines spoof the most unwatchable horror flicks (mystery science theatre). immediately, spin off a comedy program and feature this flick. without a good humorous spoof of this train wreck, i fear that viewers may actually begin following sandler with ice picks and chainsaws.

this is supposed to be well-researched and based on fact. how come therefore that it's so packed with mcgovernisms. did the people of derry live in some kind of bizarre philip k. dick world in which reality was uncannily like cracker/ liam/ priest? or is mcgovern an idle hack who just keeps repeating hims

" it had to be you" is another sign that hollywood is running out of ideas. this picture is about charlie hudson a former police officer turned author. when charlie's fiancé goes out of town he's stuck with all of the wedding planning. he spends a week at a fancy hotel and meets anna penn a teacher who just happens to also be getting married. the two quickly become friends and set out to plan their separate weddings together. this is when the plot gets boring, charlie falls in love with anna and she has to choose between a safe life or charlie. this movie rips off every romantic comedy ever made and just has you waiting for the end of the movie so you can do something else. micahel vartan and natasha henstridge give really mediocre performances which just makes this movie all the more gut wrenching to watch.

poorly structured, badly written, loaded with cliches and flat dialogue. not a single scene shines. the actors struggle with a painfully dull scenario that manages to completely avoid any surprises, plot twists or conflict. you know from the first ten minutes where it's going.for a movie set in ny, it has almost no feeling for the city. there are a dozen other indie movies that manage to make it seem magical on a small budget. this one seems like it was shot in toronto.if you cast natasha henstridge, why dress her in baggy sweaters? why make vartan look boring and drab? where's the attraction? i felt like i was watching a sub-par christian movie of the week it was so asexual and moralizing.steven feder's big success is that he convinced people to make this bland movie.

i'm a sucker for a good romance, but this one doesn't qualify as either good or a romance. i had the plot nailed down before the credits were through. with such poor dialog, plot and character development, i suggest investing your hour and a half elsehere. i had to rush out and rent serendipity for the third time so i could get the bad taste of this one out of my mouth.

look, there's nothing spectacularly offensive about this film, it's just boring. it's a typical rom-com with an ending you can see coming before you've seen so much as the trailer. the key difference is that the classic rom-coms tackle their stories with wit and a lack of pretension. this movie has no pretension but it really has no sense of movement, you feel as though you could get up and walk away at any moment. the production of the movie also has the feel of a debut movie made about fifteen years ago. i'd recommend re-watching a classic movie like when harry met sally instead of this shallow imitation. oh, one other big problem...no chemistry. if you're used to seeing michael looking all cute as vaughn in alias, you're going to be seriously disappointed with the way they've made him look here.

great movie - especially the music - etta james - "at last". this speaks volumes when you have finally found that special someone.

i just want to make one thing clear- i love michael vartan! but this film really lets him down. his acting is still superb, he's still as charming as ever, and he still looks great. but the film itself is a load of rubbish! natasha henstridge, i'm sorry to say it, comes over bit manly... you're constantly waiting for her to run off with her best friend, who's own sub-storyline is a little weird. myself and my family (who sat down and watched the film with me) were also put off by the soundtrack to the film; at times the music just didn't fit with what was going on in the scenes. however, even this was not the worst aspect of what i found to be a very disappointing film. i could forgive the leading lady's butch-ness, i could forgive the freakish characters that were thrown in to the mix, and i could forgive the poor choice of musical accompaniment, but whose choice was it to cut out the whole middle section of the film and skip straight to the end??? the ending was obviously planned from the beginning but how it gets there is left untold. if you're a michael vartan fan skip this film: buy yourself a poster instead.

sure, it had some of the makings of a good film. the storyline is good, if a bit bland and the acting was good enough though i didn't understand why olivia d'abo had such a pronounced australian accent if her character was supposed to have been raised in the us. my biggest problem, however, was with the wardrobe. i know as rule, the average american is considered a frumpy dresser by any self-respecting european but this was beyond that. anna's colour combinations were positively ghastly!! and that potato sack-like, sad excuse for a coat she wore throughout the film made me break out in hives. i suppose the idea was to be as realistic as possible (how many school teachers walk around in prada?) but simple doesn't mean an absolute lack of taste. a word to the wise...

this really was the worst movie i have ever seen. michael vartan is hot, but who is this woman? and she looks absolutely awful through the whole movie, the hair is so bad! they talk in like monotone voices and there is nooo chemistry. the cover of the dvd does not even remotely come close to what the movie actually is. really, really boring. i had to fast forward through some of it because it was so painful to watch. i really want to know how i on earth anyone could think this is good? hhaha they literally just like talk and say "yeah" and there is no passion whatsoever. i could not tell at all that they were in love. i'm sorry but this was the saddest excuse for a movie i think i have ever seen.

sorry guys, i've already written my opinion of this movie but today was the first day i looked at some of the other reviews. there are a quite a lot of people who agree with me but what's scary is that there are some people who seem to really like this movie. i don't like to write nasty reviews or criticise other people's opinions but i think it's only fair to warn anybody out there who may be debating whether or not to see this movie. this is not a good movie. i really like movies and i'll watch just about anything but this movie made it onto the incredibly short list of movies i watched and was happy to leave halfway through. if you really are incredibly tempted, watch the trailer...that's the mistake i made because the entire movie is essentially in the trailer...after that there are no surprises, just some shockingly bad dialogue to waste time. i love michael vartan in alias and would hate to criticise him but i think it's my duty to stop other people wasting hours of their life on a movie like this!!

this movie is by far the worst movie ever made. if you have to create a film costarring the guy who plays lars in heavyweights than don't make the damn film. i have to say that i could watch leprechaun in space 6 times before i could watch the trailer for this pos of a movie. adam sandler should be restricted from any movie after this disgrace. watching this movie is like a mix of listening to cher and willingly putting your dick in a blender. anyone with half of a brain cell will realize that this movie is not worth a dime. if i had an extra dollar and had to spend it, i'd give it to the support lorraina bobbitt foundation before buying this movie.

you know you are in trouble watching a comedy, when the only amusing parts in it are from the animal cast. it is a pity then that the parrot, cat & dog were only in support & not the other way around, as the humans in it were pretty abysmal throughout.if i were you, paul, eva, lake (what sort of name is that), jason, & lindsay, i would forget this acting lark & do something else, as all of you are as funny as watching paint dry, & awful actors to boot.the main gag in the film is one of the characters shouting, me not gay, which is funny as if you weren't, you might change your mind if you had to put up with the three bossy, tedious & dare i say very plain women leads in the film.the worst film i have seen in years, & hopefully never see one as bad again, though i expect not.

much of "over her dead body" is so painfully unfunny that i was actually squirming in my seat out of embarrassment for the actors.eva longoria proves that she can't carry a film in this terrible romantic comedy, and further, that she doesn't really even have any comedic timing. she's grating and annoying as a ghost who returns to earth to keep a cooky psychic from dating her widower fiancé. the fiancé is played by paul rudd, drippy and charmless, while the psychic is played by lake bell, bringing the movie whatever anemic energy it has. i felt most sorry for bell, as she appears to have some comic abilities and was working overtime in an effort to make the material work. unfortunately, she is up against the insurmountable task of making any movie that features jason biggs tolerable, and she is dragged down with the rest of the cast like leo dicaprio at the end of "titanic." "over her dead body" actually pi**ed me off, because of its laziness and utter lack of effort. i started to think of all the interesting projects that can't get funded because vast amounts of money are being funneled into bland crap like this. seriously, does hollywood think movies like this are good enough? how stupid do they really think the movie-going public is? grade: f

i didn't even bother finishing the movie because i was so bored i thought i was going to pass out i was watching it in the movie theaters and me and my friends just got tired so we got up and left to another movie if i ever have to sit through 2 min. of that movie again i think i'm going to shoot myself...and i do know the whole entire movie because my friend told me what happened at the end and i wasn't surprised at all i mean who didn't know she was going to do the right thing and let him be happy i mean for real you would have to be a complete idiot not to know that. i know i didn't miss anything and if somebody ask's me to see that movie i would say "over my dead body".

well this is the first post am ever commenting on imdb., do you get it, this movie has made me come and warn all the good souls who will stop ever experimenting with movies.as most of them have given their comments i thought of watching this movie because it seemed to have some decent actors(though having read worst critics against this movie) i thought of experimenting it assuming it to be some comedy flick., well it all started well with some ahem., comedies.... then it all started going pathetic... man you can believe your self, you wud feel like going and banging your head each and every time the pathetic looking woman called the heroine of the movie is made helpless...huh~~ well how much can a person digest a sick all possessive witch kinda ghost trying to do all she can to irritate you and stop you from what you are doing.the next worst thing about the movie is, the "zombie" hero, yes as he looses his fiancé he roams around like a goat, with black marks under his eyes., and with the hero's "terribly stupid" sister.. you wud be bleeding from head to toe if you attempted and succeeded by completely watching this movie~!

obnoxious eva longoria dies on her wedding day when an ice sculpture of an angel (without wings) falls on her off the back of a truck and kills her. she is then tries to ruin the relationship of her ex-boyfriend with his new girlfriend, a psychic who can see her.obvious unoriginal movie wouldn't be bad in a clichéd sort of way, except that longoria's character is hateful and obnoxious that she drains all of the fun out of the film. its like having your ears cleaned with sandpaper. to be fair longoria, nor anyone else in the cast or crew, isn't the problem, its the god awful script that sinks the proceedings. its just really really stupid.

this movie was terrible. i thought with all the some what decent actors, it would be better. don't waste your time. eva longoria parker was awful. she should stick to desperate housewives. paul rudd is becoming a b actor. the mess he made in the movie i could never be your woman was the epitome of what i'm saying. and lake bell she was cute but definitely in need of some more acting lessons. watch just like heaven with reese witherspoon...it was a tad better. or any other ghost movie. you will be grateful to not have wasted your precious time. ps i love you is also a good from beyond the grave romance! time to start watching movies rated over 7 out of 10 and listen to the people who have already seen it.

i confess to have quite an uneasy feeling about ghosts movies, and while i sometimes enjoy the genre when it comes to horror, but when it comes to comedies, they really need to be crazy to be funny. 'over her dead body' seems to take afterlife a little bit too seriously, and fails in my opinion from almost any aspect i can think about. the story is completely unbelievable of course, and did not succeed to convince me either in the comic or in the sentimental register. the choice of the principal actresses was awful. while paul rudd is at least handsome and looks like a nice guy, the taste in ladies of his character seems to need serious improvement as eva longoria seems too aged (sorry) for him, and lake bell seems too unattractive (sorry again). a romantic story without good enough reason for romance is due to failure from start. jason biggs and lindsey sloane were actually better but they had only supporting roles. the rest is uninteresting and uninspired, with flat cinematography and cheap gags borrowed from unsuccessful tv comedies. nothing really worth watching, nothing to remember.

this has to be the worst movie i've ever attempted to watch. in the first 15 minutes, there wasn't anything to keep my interest in this movie. i was on vacation at the time, and had plenty of time to devote to a just-for-the-fun-of-it movie. the condo we were staying in had this movie in stock -- they must have got it from the $1 store or something.if you like adam sandler, this is nothing like any other movie he's made. this started with a bad premise and then just got worse. there's nothing even remotely funny in it.i've watched a lot of movies, including some i didn't care for. but if you decide to waste your time on this movie, don't say i didn't warn you.

this movie was just heckled by mst3k and with good reason. first and foremost because it is a "cop" movie starring joe don baker, who we all know is about as good a cop actor as michael jackson is a country western singer.all the typical cop movie plot devices rear their ugly heads, bar fights, children hostages in shoot outs, bad acting, lame police chiefs, bad acting, revenge/justice, endless goons , and of course, bad acting. don't watch this without an mst3k filter folks.

i didn't think it would be possible for joe don baker to make a movie as bad as his stinkbomb 'mitchell', but this one succeeds.i wouldn't recommend this if you're a fan of joe don baker's much better work. but,if you like to watch fat guys sweat and really, really drawn out gun fights, you'll love this movie.

from the star of "mitchell", from the director of "joysticks" and "angel's revenge"!!! these are taglines that would normally keep me from seeing this movie. and the worst part is that all the above mentioned statements are true!!! ugghhh... joe don baker eats every other five minutes in this film. it's like a bad remake of "coogan's bluff"

joe don's opening line says everything about this movie. it takes place on the island of malta (the island of pathetic men) and involves joe don baker tracking down an italian mobster. joe don's character is named geronimo (pronounced heronimo) and all he does in this movie is shoot people and get arrested over and over agin. everyone in the movie hates him, just like everyone hates greydon clark. i liked an earlier greydon picture, "angel's revenge" because it was a shirne for thriteen year old boys. avoid this movie at all costs!!

this movie has no plot, no character development, and no budget. it really sucks to put it in short terms. since there is no development for the movie, it really can't even be looked as trying to be artistic or trying to make a statement against torture. which leaves two other reasons to possibly watch it. to be shocked or to get off on it like a sick little freak. well it falls short here too. the girl's reactions just seem dumb. it's extremely easy to tell that it's fake (honestly professional wrestling looks more realistic than the crap they try to get by with in this movie. they throw innards on her, but she's asleep for most of it, so it's just kinda dumb. the only really kind of worthwhile part is the end when they quickly cut from scene to scene just before the needle goes into her eye. but honestly the girl is extremely ugly and everything is incredibly fake, with the exception of the eye. if you want a good movie about torture, go watch hostel and hostel 2. not only do they both contain realistic violence, but there is also an actual storyline that draws you in and makes you care about the people. plus the tow movies really work on a deeper level considering themes like american fears of foreigners, issues of morality, testing how far a person can go, human instincts vs. civilization, and many other things. plus they are carefully written and contain some good humor when the story isn't focused on the violence. these are much better choices over this piece of crap

c'mon people, you can't be serious, another case of advertising snuff when it totally isn't! this isn't even remotely scary nor is it terrifying or depraved - it is just utterly terrible amateurish videowork, made for the next party to get the girls laid.the gore is incredibly bad, even the eye-scene is far from making me want to puke but just making me want to take the camera and hit those guys over the head. the girl is just laying there rubber-faced, not moving at all. it would have been funnier to use a real doll instead.one season of "i'm a celebrity, get me out of here!" is more frightening than this one. don't waste your time or your money.

well, how do you even rate a movie such as this one? does it even have cinematic value really? it's a movie that tries to get as close to being a snuff movie as possible. basically the entire movie is purely a bunch of guys torturing a young girl. not very appealing and on top of that also not that realistic really.it's obvious that the movie tried to be as realistic and shocking as possible. however the movie is just all too fake for that to work out as intended. the slapping and stumping is all soft and fake looking, as well as sounding. they are often just kicking into the floor, rather than into the girl, obviously. also the way the girl responds to all the torments is pretty tame. i mean if this was real, surely she would had screamed it out. there is more moaning than screaming in this one though.the movie is obviously low budget and it's a valor attempt at trying to achieve something shocking and realistic as well as original and provoking, with very limited resources. don't really think this movie made much impact though at the time it got released, though it must had done something well, since a total of six sequels got released after this one.fans of shock and gore will most likely be disappointed by this movie, though there are still some fetish people out there who will get a kick out of this movie.4/10

i am an avid fan of violent exploitation cinema, who would never attack a film for being violent or disturbing. i consider "cannibal holocaust" a masterpiece and will always defend controversial films like "day of the woman" or "last house on the left" as genuine classics. anyone who browses through my other user comments will notice that i am actually very pro-violence/gore when it comes to films. however, i do think that there should be at least some point to the violence. this piece of crap doesn't have any point whatsoever. the first film in the notorious "guinea pig" series, "the devil's experiment" (1985) is widely controversial, but, as opposed to many other controversial films, this stinker has nothing at all to be recommended for. i must say that, before seeing any of the guniea-pig films, i already had a feeling that i would hate this one, knowing what it was about. due to its status as one of the most controversial films around, however, i decided i had to see it. i am very glad i didn't waste any money on this pile of crap, and i sure wish i hadn't wasted my time with it either.this thing's story (i don't even want to call it a 'film'): it doesn't have one. three scumbags torture a woman to death for some excruciating 40 minutes. that's it. there is no artistic value, no 'shocking' story, no suspense; nothing. simply the disbelief that a film that shows nothing except for a woman being tortured for no reason enjoys an enormous cult-following. it is disturbing, i give it that. of course it is disturbing to watch a torture video for 40 minutes. what is more disturbing, however, is the fact that many people actually seem to regard this pile of garbage as some kind of masterpiece. i really cannot figure why. the fact that the gore effects look realistic cannot be the reason, i hope. the girl who plays the victim isn't a very good actor, and reacts very calm to all the torture. that makes the film look less realistic, which is, in this single case, a good thing. this is a film that is sickening; not for its gore, but for its redundancy, its existence for the sole purpose of showing 40 minutes of torture.i strongly oppose any form of censorship. since this is 100% fake and nobody got hurt during its production, it is legitimate to make such a film. however, i cannot think of a single reason why anyone would like this, other than the morbid desire to watch suffering and the enjoyment of torture. this film's sequel "flowers of flesh and blood" gained notoriety when actor charlie sheen mistook it for an actual snuff film and informed the fbi. fortuneately, the film turned out to be fake. overall, "the devil's experiment" is a fake torture/snuff film that seems to have the sole purpose of looking as close to a real snuff film as possible."the devil's experiment" is one of the worst films i have ever had the misfortune of sitting through. don't torture yourself by giving this piece of crap a try for its controversial status. do yourself a favor and avoid it. zero stars out of 10, i wish there was a negative scale in order to appropriately rate this pile of crap.

i recently watched the first guinea pig film, the devil's experiment, and i must admit to being disappointed.this film is invariably included in any list of the "nastiest" films and maybe i was expecting more because of the hype. the truth is though, i don't rate it.if i'd been watching it believing the opening text to be true ("i found this tape..."), i might have been a bit disturbed by it, thinking it was real. even without the benefit of knowing it not to be real though, i think i'd have worked out that it indeed wasn't.throughout the film, the girl's reactions to what is being done to her just aren't what they should be. she should be screaming like a banshee in pain. the fact that she isn't means that it's obviously not real. i wouldn't want to watch it if it were real but if she were to be more convincing in her acting, the film would be more disturbing.and then there are the notorious scenes: nothing affected me at all up until the scalpel in the hand. the hot oil, maggots and innards just didn't bother me. i'm not saying i'm "hard"; just that i wasn't able to suspend my disbelief, partly because of the girl's inaction.the scalpel made me wince a little but the hammer to the hand just made the hand look rubber. and the final scene with the eye was again a little wincing but nothing more. i didn't want to look away and neither did i feel nauseous.perhaps it's because the film is twenty-odd years old, or perhaps i'm just jaded. the truth is, i didn't find this film at all disturbing.it's the kind of thing you might expect to see playing on a loop as a modern art installation and as an exercise in stripping away characters, story etc. and just leaving the torture, it works on some levels. as a disturbing piece of film though, it didn't work for me at least.i watched guinea pig with my wife, who is of the "it's just a film" bent and she wondered what all the fuss was about. we got to discussing why i watch these films and my reasons are many but include a desire to be affected by a film. she said that she didn't think any film could be so convincing as to disturb her and challenged me to do exactly that. i played her the fire extinguisher scene from irreversible and she was indeed disturbed.i'm not sure i have a point, other than that both of us were more disturbed by a scene in a non-horror genre film than any film thus far which sets out to disturb.

not that i tinkle myself with glee at the sight of realistic blood shed, but when i put a dvd in expecting a bloodbath, and what i get is one bloody scene (the eyeball) at the tail end of asinine fake slapping, and spinning in a desk chair, i end up thinking "well that's 43 minutes of my life gone forever." i wouldn't considers this or flower of flesh and blood "movies" so much as an exercise of will; to see if you can sit through them. flower of flesh and blood had a few tough spots to watch. the devil's experiment did not. it was at best, stupid, and at worst...well...really stupid. perhaps my expectation were too high. i put the dvd thinking "oh man, this is gonna be sick." after watching them fake slap the girl about a thousand times, i was watching it in fast forward.two kinds of people would be interested in this film. 1) people who seek out f'd up films just to see how f'd up it really is, or 2) horror completest. i sought this and the other guinea pig films for the latter reason, but even if i fell into the category of the former, this film wouldn't float my boat. as a matter of fact, i could imagine this film increasing one's blood lust...as in "would you just kill the b*tch already!!" so in conclusion, the only reason to own this film is for collection purposes. if you want carnage that traditional horror doesn't provide, get traces of death. sure, that sucks too, but at least you'll get the blood and guts you expect.the only reason i can see for anyone praising this crap is because they feel they're supposed to. no artistic merit that i can comprehend, no reason for it's notoriety, no nothing. just a lame attempt to be shocking.

devil's experiment: 1/10: hardcore porn films fall into two categories those with a semblance of plot (gee that is one lucky pizza boy) and those without (anal amateurs 36). devil's experiment falls solidly into the latter category. it is of course the horror version of hardcore porn. an almost completely plot less 43-minute wait for the money shot. shot on video in 1985 it consists of three relatively non-descript japanese boys torturing one fairly unattractive japanese girl. the tortures range from the banal (slapping her 50 times, kicking her a hundred), the silly (tying her to an office chair and spinning her around), the fear factor (a bath of maggots and sheep guts) and finally the money shot. (a well executed eyeball piercing). that's it, no plot, no motive, just blair witch tree shots and torture. the girl looks bored and with the exception of yelling, "no one expects the spanish inquisition" during the office chair scene i was bored silly. staring dumbfounded at the screen, waiting for the money shot. just like hardcore porn.

i actually saw china o'brien ii before i ever saw the original china o'brien. and i have to say that the first incarnation is actually worse. but: worse = funnier! and funnier = better. if you're a bad movie fan like i am, this is great material. if, however, you are looking for any sort of meaningful plot, acting ability, or movie-making skill, this is best avoided. the best part is how they filmed all the fighting sequences in stuttering fast-forward. hilariously bad. see it for a laugh, see it for mindless entertainment, but whatever you do, see it for free on tv.

cynthia rothrock,(china o'brien),"manhattan chase",2000, made this film enjoyable to watch and of course,e this cute petite gal burned up the screen with her artistic abilities and hot sexy body. china o'brien gets upset as a police officer and decides to call it quits and go back home to her hometown and get back to her roots and her dad, who is the local sheriff. her dad is getting older and the town has changed, gangsters have taken over the town and started to get the local women to start turning tricks and the city people were getting sick and tired of their town going to hell. well, you almost can guess what happens, and you are right, china o'brien fights back after great tragedy strikes her life. bad acting through out the picture, but cynthia rothrock brings this film to a wonderful conclusion.

i saw this film in its premier week in 1975. i was 13 years old and at that time i found it adequate and somewhat fun. i then came to discover the world of doc savage through the bantam novels of the old pulp magazine stories. i had no idea before any of this of the realm of doc, but i fast became one of the most avid doc savage fans you could ever meet. i read (and still own) all of the bantam books, i started going to comic book cons (along with star trek and doctor who and all manner of geeky fat kid events) and had a wonderful time with each adventure i took with doc and the original fab 5. philip jose farmer's book - the apocalyptic life of doc savage became a bit of a bible for me and to this day i have very fond feelings regarding my doc phase. in so saying i have to admit now years later that this film really missed the boat. it is a film that did not know what it wanted to be when it grew up. the screenplay was infantile and bore little resemblance to the pulp story. these stories from the 30's were short and if one looked at lester dent's (aka kenneth robeson) outline for writing them, they broke down into perfect 3 act dramas that screamed for screen treatment. one would have thought that with george pal and michael anderson at the helm, it would have turned out better. the spoof elements miss the target and the more serious moments almost get there, but then fall short. it is interesting to watch though in that they hired second-string character actors (guys that had really been only bit players and extras before this film) who all acquit themselves very well. paul gleason of course has gone on to be a fine utility player in all facets of entertainment and bill lucking is a television perennial. all the rest have fallen off the map sadly. i do wish to own a copy of this film as it is the only movie version of my hero, but i fear i will not watch it much as it is too painful. i would say 0 but i give it 2 out of 10 instead for some of the period art direction (doc's answering machine at the end was a nice touch) and the cast of 3rd stingers getting a moment in the sun.

i dug this out and watched it tonight. i honestly think it must be 20 years since the last time i saw it. i remember it being a seriously flawed film. i don't remember it being this bad!!!!!i am absolutely aghast that a project with this much potential should have been mistreated so reprehensibly. who am i to blame for this? the 2 guys who wrote (and i use that word loosely) the script? the casting directors who so terribly miscast at least 3 major characters in the story? (only 2 of them are among "the amazing 5".) the director, who clearly refused to take it seriously, and kept shoving awful music on top of bad writing & bad acting everywhere? (i liked the theme song-- but it should never have been used all the way throughout the entire film!) don black, who should be ashamed at some of the lyrics he wrote for that music?it figures that i should pull this out, less than a week after re-reading the comic-book adaptation. the first 15-20 minutes of the film more-or-less (really, less) parallel the first issue of the comic. as i watched it tonight, i kept wondering-- why was almost every single detail changed? doc showing up, then using his wrist-watch remote-control to open the safe, and the sniper's bullet missing him by 5 inches because the refractive glass, were just about the only things left the same. i mean, if you're gonna do an "adaptation", why in god's name change everything???once they leave doc's hq, virtually nothing is as it was in the comic (which, given roy thomas, i figure probably follows the book). i read somewhere they actually combined elements of 2 different novels into one movie. again-- why? i've heard it was changed because they weren't able to secure the kind of budget they wanted. i look at the film, and think... lack of money in no way explains what i saw on the screen!!you know, when people complain about joel schumacher, they should really take a look at this thing. the best thing i can say is, i think it would make a great double-feature with the 1966 batman feature-- and probably a great triple-bill with that and the 1980 flash gordon. all 3 films are "silly". maybe we can "blame" the 1966 film (and tv series) for this. some fans have complained over the years that adam west's batman ruined the image of comic-books in the minds of generations of non-comics fans. i think the same could be said for hollywood. i'm reminded of how many really, really bad films based on "classic" characters have been made over the years, especially (it seems to me) in the late 70's & early 80's. charlie chan, fu manchu, tarzan, buck rogers, flash gordon, the lone ranger-- all "murdered" by hollywood types who think, "oh, comic-books! so you know it's supposed to be stupid!" more like they're the "stupid" ones. what a waste of potential.let me say some good things... despite the script and the directing, ron ely is great. when i read a doc savage story, i don't think of the james bama paintings, i think of ely. bill lucking (who later was a regular on the a-team) is terrific. eldon quick (who i've seen somewhere else, but can't recall where) is terrific. paul gleason-- who i absolutely hated with a passion and a vengeance in the breakfast club ("teachers" like the one he played should be banned from ever teaching anywhere), may be the best of the "amazing 5" in the film. pamela hensley-- though her part was almost unrecognizable from the original story-- is terrific. before she let her hair down, i also realized she looked a hell of a lot like "ardala valmar" from those awful john calkins buck rogers strips i just read the other day. she's got a big nose like ardala-- only not quite as pronounced. the comics ardala actually looked more like the 1936 movie princess aura-- or cher. or maybe streisand. take yer pick. (ardala actually got plastic surgery in the george tuska strips-- after, she was stunning!)paul wexler, funny enough, i saw just last week in a get smart episode. i wonder if he was anything like the character he was supposed to be playing? i don't know, because that character sure wasn't in the movie the film takes its title from.

after having seen the movie the first question arising in my mind was: is this supposed to be irony or not? after reading a few comments about the character doc savage and the comic series, i knew this film was not meant to be ironic. so, the story tells us about an us-american super-doc saving a south american republic from evil. sounds like a typical story. but this one comes in such an unrealistic way that it becomes ridiculous. the mandatory end-fight shows the worst presentation of martial arts i have ever seen. the film might be interesting for low budget movie designers as a bad example.

doc savage: the man of bronze (1 outta 5 stars)dreadful, dreadful movie... based on the pulp magazine/paperback series by lester dent/kenneth robeson... about a super-heroic adventure hero in the '30s and his five assistants, all experts in some field of endeavor that allows them to combat evil. it was a pretty hokey series... but kinda fun to read when i was a teenager. i knew they made a movie version in the '70s, starring ron (tarzan) ely... but i never got a chance to see it. it never played in theaters where i lived and was never shown on tv. now that i have finally seen the film i can understand why. the plot and characters are never treated seriously... it's all kind of tongue-in-cheek and campy... kind of like the old batman tv series... only without the benefit of being funny... or having any visual flair. corny dialogue, cheesy special effects, dumb stereotypes, crummy action scenes and bad, bad acting. actually, i find it kind of fascinating in its badness... what could they have possibly been thinking? arnold schwarzenegger was rumoured to be starring in a modern-day remake... but i don't imagine that would have turned out to be much better.

fantastically putrid. i don't mean to imply above that only a few people should avoid "doc savage." almost every demographic group would be bored by this trivial, tv-movie-quality production. it's a little like the 60's "batman" tv series, except it's not funny. even accidentally. you're better off taking a nap.

doc savage: the man of bronze is a horrible movie. poorly scripted, over-acted, and just plain silly. that being said... it is actually an enjoyable movie on some level. this movie begs to be watched in a group with an ample supply of cheap beer. it's one of those movies like "santa claus conquers the martians" or "yor, the hunter from the future"... so bad it is almost good. if you have the right group of people this movie is a blast to watch. it's campy. it's fun. it has a theme by sousa. if you're looking for a good movie though, look elsewhere. 3/10.btw, i've heard rumors some studio is exploring the possibility of a remake...

after watergate, vietnam and the dark days of the nixon and jimmy carter eras, what the world needed was a good old-fashioned chapter-play hero taking on venomous serpents and evildoers in the america of 1936 or the jungles of south america in a series of fantastic cliffhanging adventures. unfortunately what it got in 1975 was doc savage, the man of bronze. perhaps the best that can be said of legendary producer george pal's final film is that his often beautifully designed but sadly flat adaptation of kenneth robeson's pulp-paperback novels probably had george lucas and phil kaufman leaving the theatre and saying to each other "we can do better than that," and adding a bullwhip, a battered fedora and some much needed character flaws to the mix.a big part of the problem is that doc savage is in many ways even harder to write for than superman – explorer, adventurer, philanthropist, a scientific and intellectual genius in the bronzed bleach-blonde bulletproof muscle-bound body of a greek god (or rather the form of tv's tarzan, ron ely, a rather dull charlton heston clone here), there's simply nothing he can't do and, more damagingly, nothing that can harm him. the man is the virtual incarnation of hitler's aryan ubermensch (no surprise that the dvd is only available in germany!), albeit with all-american values. and just in case there should ever be anything he's overlooked (not that there ever is) he has not one but five sidekicks in his entourage, the (less than) fabulous five. a chemist, an electrician and even an archaeologist i can accept, and at a stretch i could possibly even go as far as to see the possible need for a construction engineer, but what kind of hero takes a criminal lawyer with him on his adventures? in reality doc's brain trust were probably added because with the hero so tiresomely invulnerable and practically perfect in every way – even kryptonite wouldn't put a dent in him - there needed to be someone at risk in the stories, though with the exception of paul gleason they're all so horribly badly cast and overplayed (as are most parts in the film) you'd happily kill them all off during the opening titles. the villains fare no better, with paul wexler exuding all the menace of a geography teacher as captain seas, scott walker (no, a different one) delivering one of cinema's worst accents (is it meant to be scottish, irish, welsh, greek, pakistani or some nationality no-one has ever heard of?) while robyn hilton's marilyn monroe-ish dumb blonde moll gives paris (no relation) a run for her money in the untalented bimbo stakes.even with those drawbacks, this should have been much better than it is considering the various ingredients – lost tribes, a pool of gold, a dogfight with a biplane and a deadly poison that comes alive, all wrapped up in a quest to discover why doc's father was murdered. unfortunately it's a question of tone: in the 60s and 70s pulp superheroes weren't brooding figures prone to state-of-the-art action scenes and special effects but were treated as somewhat comical figures of low-budget camp fun with action scenes quickly knocked off on the cheap almost as an afterthought, the films aimed purely at the matinée market: you know, for kids. there have long been rumours that the original cut was more straight-faced – and certainly much of the camp value has been added in post-production, be it the colgate twinkle in doc's eye, the comical captions identifying various fighting styles in the final dust-up with captain seas or don black's gung-ho lyrics to john philip sousa's patriotic marches – but plenty was in the film to begin with. after all, it's hard to see how one of the villain's underlings making phone calls from a giant rocking crib was ever intended as anything other than a joke that falls flat, while doc's explanation to pamela hensley of why he never dates girls could be a scene written for adam west's batman. instead, the funniest moments are usually purely unintentional, such as doc displaying his sixth sense by, er, bobbing his adam's apple.perhaps an even bigger problem is that, while promising on paper, the action is handled in an almost relentlessly mundane fashion, be it chasing a native assassin on the rooftops of new york skyscrapers or escaping from a yacht full of bad guys. even the winning notion of animated glowing green snakes swirling through the air as they poison their victims fails to raise any enthusiasm from director michael anderson: having demonstrated their own invulnerability a couple of scenes earlier, doc manages to dispatch them with no more than a chair and an electric fan by simply pulling the curtains on them.still, aside from doc's various vehicles all stamped with his logo and looking more moulded plastic than bronze, the production design is often rather handsome even if it is very obviously l.a. standing in for new york while fred koenekamp's cinematography ensures the film often looks good despite the low budget. and it's good to see a superhero movie that doesn't spend most of its running time on an origin story, though one is left with the suspicion that doc sprang fully formed from the loins of zeus himself.it's a film i'd really like to like more, but it just feels like 100 minutes of lost opportunities. no wonder doc savage, the arch enemy of evil, the sequel so optimistically promised in the end credits, never happened.

i was fortunate enough to meet george pal (and still have my ds:tmob poster autographed by him) at a convention shortly after the release, and asked him why he chose to do the film "camp". before he could answer, two studio flacks intercepted and lectured me on how the studio "knew best" and how "no one will take such a film seriously". i had been reading the bantam reprints for a couple of years thanks to a friend (comicon attendees of the 1970s will recall blackhawk and his band? i was in a couple of years of that with him), and had higher hopes than what we got.the flacks insisted that no high adventure would ever be done seriously, and so doing 'camp' was the only way. several other fans jumped in on my side, with pal listening as best he could. at the end of the little event, pal came up to us and apologized, wishing he could have done more and better.star wars put the lie to the flacks, and a year after pal's death, spielberg and lucas proved that doc savage could have easily been the next major movie franchise...if it hadn't been for the flacks.tear out the memory or history of doc, and the film would have been worth a 6/10 rating as nothing more than a mindless popcorn seller.but destroying the legacy like that was no less an abomination than killing a baby in the crib.doc savage can still come to the screen, and survive the inevitable comparisons by the ill-informed to indiana jones, but it would have to be done in all seriousness and earnest to reclaim the glory that we should expect from the first american superhero.sidenotes: yes, there was a second script for archenemy of evil, and it's a lot more serious. yes, there was simultaneous footage shot, but mostly establishing shots and very little with actors. and, yes, there _is_ a one-sheet of ron ely leaping over a brick wall and blasting at something over his shoulder with a specially built bronze pistol. ely's wearing a duster over a button down white shirt with a bronze tie, and the words "doc savage: archenemy of evil...coming next summer!" postscript: if anyone knows who the studio flacks were that accompanied george pal in 1975 to san diego for the convention, smack the idiots up the side of the head and call them the idiots that they are. at the time, they were doing dorkknobs and fu manchu in stripes and baggy canvas pants, and carrying paramount portfolios.

this is the second british rank film to adapt the stories of sommerset maugham to film. all but one story from 'quartet' does not travel well into the contempory era; and the actors speech is decidedly "clipped", as only british pre-1950's actors delivery can be. in anycase 'trio' seems tighter and more filmic than the first film adaptation.one of the problems these two films can't overcome is that their source material was written 25-30 years prior to the films. consequently, by the 1950's maughm's (pre-war) popularist "small morality" storyteling seemed rather quaint, if not downright coy.

this snarky, homophobic thing was dated in 1976. it seems particularly mean-spirited now, filled with gay stereotypes, and characters that are meant to be laughed at, rather than with. redd foxx does his standard schtick, michael warren at least tries to bring humanity to a one dimensional character, and pearl--pearl what were you thinking--? pearl bailey deserves far better.

i have no idea as to which audience director george schlatter hoped to sell this comedy-of-ills. with redd foxx in the central role and enough pimpy outfits and polyester to carpet the entire 1970s, "norman" plays like a blaxploitation picture combined with any number of silly sitcom episodes involving comic misunderstandings, not to mention an elongated cameo by waylon flowers! based on a play by sam bobrick and ron clark, this tale of an estranged married couple (foxx and pearl bailey) learning the hard way that their son is secretly gay--and living with a mincing, prancing white homosexual--has enough limp-wristed jokes to shame any early episode of "three's company". bailey keeps her dignity, and foxx's sheer confusion is good for a couple of chuckles, but the rest of the performers are humiliated. * from ****

when ben (red foxx) discovers his wife beatrice (pearl bailey) has run off with his own brother, he rushes to his son norman (michael warren) to unload his tale of woe--only to discover that norman has a secret lover: the effeminate garson (dennis dugan.) needless to say, ben does not take it well, and numerous complications follow--including ben's attempt to get norman over being homosexual by fixing him up with a hooker (tammy dobson.) unfortunately, this description of the movie sounds a great deal more entertaining than the movie itself.originally written for the theatre by ron clark and sam bobrick, norman... is that you? was an absolute disaster on the new york stage. to give the play its due, i actually saw it staged in the 1970s as a community theatre production--and while no one would accuse it of being anything other than a shallow farce, the cast played so broadly and in such drop-dead manner that it proved quite amusing. it is a pity the cast of this film didn't do the same.this is an atrociously performed motion picture. red foxx, one of the most hilarious comics of the 20th century, is about as funny here as yesterday's wash, michael warren (who later appeared on the television series hill street blues to much better effect) competes with foxx to see who can give the worst performance, and pearl bailey is not far behind; truth be told, only dennis duggan, tammy dobson, and a cameo by wayland flowers have any spark--and sadly, that is only in comparison with the rest of the cast.not only is the film badly performed, it looks bad. according to film lore, this was the first big screen effort to be filmed in videotape, which was then transfered to celluloid for project purposes--and believe me, it shows. the film has the look of a bad 1970s sitcom right down to the painted skyline seen through the windows of norman and garson's apartment.some films are so bad that they become funny, but norman... is that you? isn't one of them. i can sum up my reaction to this film in two words: miss it. don't buy it, don't rent it, don't touch it with a ten foot pole. just back away slowly and then run like hell.gary f. taylor, aka gft, amazon reviewer

there's nothing amazing about 'the amazing mr williams'. part of this movie's problem is its lead actor melvyn douglas. he was a lousy actor and lazy with it. for most of his career, he allowed his good looks, a glib manner and (usually, but not in this movie) some fine scriptwriting to make up for his lack of acting ability. i disliked douglas as an actor before i knew anything about him as a person; i've learnt enough about him to know that i also despise his politics. i'll give melvyn douglas credit for one thing: his chromosomes did produce the incredibly talented and sexy actress illeana douglas.melvyn douglas made this movie right after the brilliant 'ninotchka' ... talk about a comedown! 'the amazing mr williams' is allegedly a comedy, but i never laughed. douglas plays a plainclothes detective on the homicide squad, named kenny williams. i never heard of a police detective named kenny, but if they called him kenneth williams ... well, what a carry-on. the whole city is in a panic because a serial killer is going about, killing women. no motive is given for this; he just likes to kill women. the mayor (jonathan hale, better than usual) calls williams on the carpet to account for his failure to catch the killer.spoilers approaching. the cheap, vulgar, untalented and unattractive joan blondell plays the mayor's secretary. (she doesn't sound literate enough to file a letter, much less type one.) blondell and douglas squabble like a cat and a dog, so it's blatantly obvious they're going to end up together.at this movie's lowest point, melvyn douglas decides to draw out the killer by dressing up as a woman. you do not want to see melvyn douglas in drag! he's well over six foot, and he doesn't even shave off that annoying moustache. the similarly-'tashed william powell was an actor very similar in type to melvyn douglas (but much more talented). when powell disguised himself as a woman in 'love crazy', he had the integrity to shave off his moustache: a genuine sacrifice, as powell needed it to grow in again for his next role. but melvyn douglas brings nothing whatever to his role in this movie, not even a razor. he plays his drag scenes with the same annoying smirk he used throughout the bulk of his career.on the plus side, 'the amazing mr williams' has several of those splendid supporting players who made hollywood's movies of the '30s so delightful. edward brophy is brilliant here, touching and funny as a criminal who gets an unlikely furlough from his life sentence. the dyspeptic donald macbride is fine as a cop who gets mistaken for the killer, and is nearly lynched by a mob. ruth donnelly is splendid: as usual for her, but here she gets a chance to show her talents away from her usual orbit on the warner brothers backlot. jimmy conlin, luis alberni and the grinning dave willock are all fine in small roles. barbara pepper (whom i usually dislike) is good here too. the grossly unpleasant maude eburne gets some screen time; i always loathe her, and she gives the same performance in every film ... but some audiences enjoy eburne's one-note performance very much, for reasons i can't fathom.if you're familiar with hollywood character actors of the 1930s, and the roles they tended to play, one glance at imdb's cast list will tell you who the murderer is. that's the problem with 'the amazing mr wiliams': everything is too obvious. i'll rate this movie 2 points out of 10.

it's a real challenge to make a movie about a baby being devoured by wild canines and the mother being wrongly accused of murder funny but against all odds this one succeeds. meryl streep gives the performance of her life, melodramatic, overwrought but with that comic genius that keeps you laughing even as a mother struggles with the ultimate horror.if comedies about the infants being eaten by dogs are not your cup of tea you might be uncomfortable watching this and, yes, it is an odd choice of topic for a farce but really very little of the movie has anything to do with that as it focuses on giving streep a showcase for her aussie accent and facial contortions. throwing in a slam at media bias and sensationalism and disregard for either the truth or ethics gives the movie the chance to make the daring point that those things are bad.

except for the acting of meryl streep, which is of note as always, i'd avoid this film because it has a dated "movie of the week" quality about it. but it is worth watching if you keep the several understories in mind: how a couple endures media scrutiny, and how the different are treated.throughout the movie the issue is the credibility of the different. australians are different than "us" (most of the rest of the world), so we (most of us) automatically come at it with an air of "oddness" about them. the couple involved is religious (different than most of culture) and adventists (different) at that. so their lifestyle and mindset are suspect to begin with. dingos are different animals than other dogs, so again we're faced with oddness questions. the real story, then, is how society (and the world) treats the different, those who have different accents, different beliefs, than we do and how we treat what they say as suspect.it's difficult to hear the phrase "a dingo took my baby!" without laughing and there are humorous posts, sadly, all over the web about it. but in the years that followed the story and the movie it has been discovered (as you'll find in web searches) that much larger children have been stalked by dingos. research by experts in dingos have shown that it was not only possible but most probable that the baby was taken by dingos (maybe a pair), extracted expertly from the clothing and eaten within moments without a trace.yet what is left behind is the question of why people defended dingos when they were found to be endangering children rather than killing the dingo to save the children, why because a woman's affect (expression) is so cold she is assumed to be guilty, and on and on.haunting questions, with or without the film.

it is enjoyable and fast-paced. there is no way on earth that the actor playing mat could be eighteen. however, the main thing is that he does act eighteen very convincingly. it must be a credit to his audition that he convinced them to cast him. i quite soon accepted him as being a naive young country boy.while his was the best performance, most of the others were also very engaging. in particular, the interplay between the policemen was natural and well-balanced, and worked very well.it is only about 45 minutes long, so the plot is not complex. more key is the style of the whole thing. it is very slick and vibrant, and the backdrops are atmospheric, especially from the fact that all the colours are extremely rich. the gangland is identifiable to foreign audiences, but still manages to be distinctly australian.

well, sorry for the mistake on the one line summary.......run people, run!! this movie is an horror!! imagine! gary busey in another low budget movie, with an incredibly bad scenario...isn't that a nightmare? no (well yes), it is plato's run...........i give it * out of *****.

what a snore-fest.of all the bits of nostalgia that hollywood has decided to remake and update, this is by far one of the most pointless. this was a totally pointless show in the first place, and we really don't need a 'modern' update.never mind the bigotry and sexism inherent in the system from the beginning, so many advances have been made, socially, since the show ran that the entire point of the show (if it ever had one) has been lost.also, what is the point of having a character named boss hogg if he's not overweight?

in hazzard county, georgia, cousins bo and luke duke (scott, knoxville) and their cousin daisy duke (jessica simpson) run moonshine made by their uncle jesse (willie nelson) while avoiding the local authority, boss hog (burt reynolds). their problems with the boss are only beginning as they learn he's been plotting to strip mine the town for valuable ores found below it.i have never seen the tv show and after watching the movie, i'm not going to start any time soon. i like stupid comedies but this one didn't offer many laughs. it was a pretty dull picture with the first hour being really hard to sit through. the second part was a little better but this film was still a missed opportunity. the film focused on bo and luke way too much. the characters in general weren't very interesting and the actors portraying them didn't do a very good job.the acting wasn't very good. i wasn't expecting it to be good in the first place but none of the leads were very funny. seann william scott and johnny knoxville both give below average performances. the latter was pretty good as stifler but he tries way too hard here. the latter just seems to be looking for a paycheck and nothing else. jessica simpson isn't known for her acting nor is she really known for her singing. she's famous for having her own reality show and for saying really dumb things. she is pretty but she's a weak actor. it doesn't matter though because she doesn't really appear in the movie and the character she plays isn't complex or anything. willie nelson also has a minor role and he doesn't do anything special.the screenplay was written by john o'brien and he made two films prior to the dukes of hazzard. the first one was cradle to the grave, which was okay. the second one was starsky and hutch which was pretty funny. he doesn't do a good job here though as the story is a mess. he also forgot to add jokes and a few other things that would have made this film work better. the movie is also pretty long for a comedy. okay, 106 minutes isn't exactly long but it feels so much longer because there's very little humor in the first hour. i think comedies should be kept short or else they have to find a lot of material to cover the entire running time. the dukes of hazzard barely has enough funny gags to keep it going for thirty minutes let alone 106 minutes. the car sequences were average and they don't save an already troubled film. in the end, dukes of hazzard may appeal to a few people but most people will probably find it dull and it's better if you just skip it. rating 4/10

...then you'd better not watch this movie. they've completely ruined the premise of the show. in the movie the duke boys are idiots, daisy is trampy, roscoe is sinister, boss hogg is capable, uncle jessie is a criminal...only cooter and flash are true to the original characters. at least enos is kinda close.at one point they open the doors to get into the general lee -- nuff said.the original show may not have been great tv, but it was entertaining and the characters made sense. this movie is like dumb & dumber meets the simple life.

film makeovers of old tv shows seems to be the norm in hollywood these days, but this disrespectful, toilet humor, do-you-kiss-your-mother-with-that-mouth foul language, rip-off is a blatant middle finger to all dukes of hazzard fans both north and south of the mason-dixon line. from the opening sequence of bo and luke duke making a moonshine run for uncle jesse (no shine running in the show because it would put the boys back in jail as a parole violation) to the closing sequence of uncle jesse smoking weed with the governor of georgia (uncle jesse was the moral compass despite his previous moonshining ways) this disappointing waste of film is an open faced insult. i can't tell you how many parents i saw get up and remove their children from the theater within the first 15 minutes of the movie when they realized that they had been horribly deceived. the original dukes of hazzard was a family show with basic moral values. the original dukes of hazzard was a kid safe, hemi powered, show of fun that parents didn't have to worry about teaching their kids george carlin's seven words. i have read reviews stating that the show and the movie are nothing but racist. those commits might be correct about the movie. those commits are absolutely incorrect about the show. the show, if anything, was about how to get along and be friends with anyone. hollywood has finally come out in the open about their disdain for those of us, yankee, rebel, or otherwise, who still believe in honor, loyalty, trust, family, and doing the right thing even if it is not the popular thing. hollywood has finally brought to light its belief that those of us in the heartland are stupid, uneducated, beer swilling, foul mouthed, trash that will buy any piece of garbage they are willing to sell. prove the hollywood elitist that they are wrong. do not go see this movie. boycott the sponsors. fill warner bros. email and snail mail boxes with complaints that we don't appreciate them destroying one of the greatest t.v. shows of all time. save your money and buy the dvd's of the original show, but whatever you do… do not go see this movie

why take a show that millions of us watched and loved as children and make a complete joke of it? they ask why hollywood isn't making the money it used to. because they put out garbage and pay actors huge amounts of money to be garbage men and ask us to pay $10 to see their garbage. the tv show was what it was, good people in bad situations where the good il' boys come out on top. it wasn't gone with the wind but it was fun. this movie is garbage! hollywood can't come up with anything original so they take something that was good and ruin it for some $$$$. i only hope that this movie makes 10x's less than it cost to make. the only one's to have any fun with this crap are the guys who got to drive the general lee. the audience is the victim.don't see it, watch the reruns of the tv show instead. they still hold up 20 years later.

when i heard that the dukes of hazzard was going to be remade with current actors and a solid script, i was like, "alright, i'll give it a chance, it's not going to be better than the first, but we'll see what happens." well, i saw what happened. i saw a great late 70's/80's show that was a classic, basically humiliated by hollywood. it's so sad to see that hollywood scriptwriters cannot come up with something original these days. they are seeming to take a great show that had a great target audience, and try to "remake" the classic show. heads up hollywood... it ain't workin!!!! anyway, more about the show. i think they could have casted a better actor than sean william scott (stiffler from american pie) to play bo. i'm sure that john schneider is definitely disappointed with how his character was portrayed and taken advantage of. also, get for real, johnny knoxville, as luke duke. how low can you go?? a crappy jackass actor to play lovable luke. this sickens me. also, i'll give jessica simpson is a beautiful woman, but her acting sucks. catherine bach who played the original daisy, was smart, sexy, strong, opinionated and a good il' southern girl. she was every little girls role model growing up! (i owned the doll and the jeep - thank you very much!!!) anyway, jessica simpson played a smart ass, 2-bit slut as daisy duke. daisy never was blonde. why did they have to cast her. jessica alba would have played a great daisy duke. she can speak with a great southern accent, and she is gorgeous, and would have done a wonderful job. anyway, i'd like to say that this movie blew something fierce. i feel like i got ripped off by paying $8.50 for tickets, and they should refund my money. if you like the dukes of hazzard (the original series) don't see this movie. it'll just upset you. cmt (country music television) plays the reruns of the dukes all the time later at night. so set your tivo's and go with the real thing, not the imitation on the big screen in hollywood.

this must be one of the worst movies i have ever seen. i was actually expecting a bad movie but i was caught by surprise believe it or not. the storyline is the traditional, all clichées are included.the dialogue is so poorly written that you actually laugh when the otherwise half-descent actors are trying to make it sound real. the photo is not too good, the music is so malplacée it actually made me angry, the actors are not even trying, altho the script makes it almost impossible you could expect more from people that have been acting for 30 years and the so called action scenes actually manage to lack the "action" itself.i dont understand why these types of bad movies keep on coming, who is financing this shit? where is the screening ? and why on earth do actors take on this mission impossible script?there are a million hollywood-movies in this genre without even aspiration of reaching the theaters, but even them straight to video things actually manages to look professional in comparison.i can not say anything positive about this except the title which explains it all, i feel robbed of 2 hours of my life.

quite typical for swedish movies of this type. strange that the acting was soooo bad, these actors usually give a good show. the casting was poorly done, it made you expect something (i won't tell you what). the lead character was awful... i don't know where they find her. anyway, stay away from this and go see "den tredje vågen" instead, this is swedish action in is prime.

standard procedure for swedish movies today seem to be to start by throwing plausibility out the window and continue down that path for the rest of the process. rånarna is another fine example of a movie making very little sense.banks in stockholm are being robbed by a highly efficient "military-styled" gang of robbers. two police officers start investigating the case that soon becomes more complicated than it would appear at first.as usual in swedish film the cast is mostly made up of the same people you have seen over and over again. mikael persbrandt must be in every swedish film from the last few years! but that's ok i guess since persbrandt is one of few that performs solidly here (like he usually does). the problems with this film mostly revolves around the story itself. first of all the robberies feel mostly like background. rather this is more a movie about a young policewoman fighting to prove herself in a male world (like that has not been made a thousand times before with a decent actress instead of sofia helin). also there is a completely unbelievable plot twist near the end that seems about as plausible as aliens landing. but still, i did think it was a quite nice touch considering i was half asleep right about then. it spiced things up a bit (and actually saved the rating from dropping another step).in the end the main problem is the same thing as with most other swedish movies of this kind. simply that the action and suspense doesn't live up to the standards we are used to from other movies of this kind (mostly hollywood). it feels cheap and rather weak in comparison. in my opinion swedish filmmakers should try to focus more on plot and acting, and forget about trying to make "hollywood-action light" like they do now. because this becomes yet another forgettable effort from the swedish movie-industry. i rate it 3/10.

swedish action movies have over the past few years evolved into something that imitate american hardened action movies like "heat" but with a low budget. this movie follows the same prescription as "noll tolerans" and "livvakterna". however, it is obvious that they are trying too hard to make a cool and tough movie.the story has been seen before, the dialogue feels artificial and the acting is very poor, especially from the main actress. the movie tries to paint a picture of hard-boiled military-like robbers with no remorse at all and a female investigator who has completely lost it with problems of the past but at the same time acts completely rational. it does not succeed very well.the bluish-cast photo style does not seem fresh anymore, and it is not even done well in this picture. only a very few scenes actually look good. also, the sound is quite weird and it sounds like a lot of the actual dialogue is recorded afterward.the main quality of this movie is stefan sauk, though not making a convincing portrait of a swat-team leader, has some really funny lines. also, the music is quite well.

it feels like swedish movies are trying to become more american and i just don´t get it. in this movie the performance of some of the actors is horrible and the script is nothing special. don´t waste your time!

greenthumb grace is left penniless after her husbands death so she turns to ganja-growing in order to pay the bills. it sounds promising and the ever-reliable brenda blethyn doesn't disappoint but the material is sitcom-thin. there's actually a scene where grace asks her young gardener to "give me one" (a toke) and he thinks she's asking for sex and acts all awkward. yes, it's humour so twee a nun would be bored. saving grace doesn't seem to know what it wants to be: the stunning cinematography and stately pace evoke memories of ryan's daughter whilst the light-hearted whimsy of the country townsfolk could be lifted from any episode of antiques roadshow. it does speed up after the first hour but by then it's too clichéd to care. the climax manages to be unpredictable only by introducing the most shameless deux ex machina i've ever seen.

i absolutely fail to see what is funny in this film. the humor seems to be destined for corpses. it's slow. the story is too simple to be true. the characters do not raise much sympathy, a few non-important characters aside. nothing surprising happens. what did the writers of this script think? "oooo funny! let's make some old lady's high on pot! let's make them.... giggle! let's make them... behave like little children!! oooo, yes, that's absolutely brilliant and original!"this film has irritated me most from all the films i've seen in the last five years.

a very "straight" nice old lady, desperate for money to save her house and possessions, grows "pot" in her house, smokes it with a few old-biddy friends and then sells it. that's the story for this low-key comedy, emphasizing the absurdity of the situation and some of the humor the predicament brings. for much of the film, it works. the humor isn't of the laugh-out-loud variety but it does keep you entertained for an hour-and-a- half, so i guess it serves its purpose.there are funny moments and brenda blethyn is fun to watch in the lead role. but the ending really ruined a "cute" movie with insultingly-bad messages that only the ultra-liberals of the film world would like to see happen.like most people, i would prefer a happy ending, too, but it should not all warm and fuzzy for those who blatantly break the law. also in here are the typical (1) children out of wedlock but that poses no problem and is deemed okay; (2) clerics portrayed as morally weak people; and (3) even a medical doctor who gets stoned, too! hello? and reviewers here blast hollywood? this is exhibit a how a secular society has lowered the standards in the uk and europe in general. hey, people: at least have a trace of morality instead of nothing but a timothy leary "if it feels good, do it" message.

how good is gwyneth paltrow! this is the right movie for her... too bad she's completely out role. i haven't read the book by jane austen, but i can't believe it is so superficial and the characters aren't much more than caricatures. it wasn't probably that easy to reduce in 2 hours of show about 600 pages of the book, but i had expected more than just seeing old pieces of furniture and tea cups. i was taking a sigh of relief every time i saw an actor who didn't overstep the mark of overacting (a couple of times).

i was surprised when i saw this film. i'd heard it was the best ever filmed of the novel. how disappointed i was.how any true jane austen fan can rate this adaptation is a mystery to my eyes. the scriptwriters have decided to stick in bits of ridiculous humour which are embarrassing at the best of times, but also ruin the feel of the period. as for the cast: gwyneth paltrow makes a rather shallow heroine (but then any 'hot' american star would be questionable in the role), toni collette is miscast, and poor ewan mcgregor is made to look laughable!i really could not say a good thing about this film. i seem to be among the very few who don't rate it, but if you want my advice, see instead the tv production starring kate beckinsale - believe me, that is far preferable to this superficial trash.

i honestly had somewhat high expectations when i first began to watch this movie, but it turned out to be probably one of the most boring films i have ever seen!first of all, the pace is incredibly slow, so it seems much longer than it is (and it's not short).i'm sure when jane austen wrote the book, she made it several pages long, filled it with description, and didn't intend for people to read in in one day, or it might drag and lose it's appeal, which "emma" most certainly did. now "sense and sensibility" had this flaw of a slow pace, but at least it had lively lines to make up for it, as well as some good performances!that brings me to flaw #2, which is of course, the acting. while i don't happen to care for basically anybody involved in this film, i am sure they are capable of good work, but i didn't see much of it in this movie. it was like people were trying too hard to be witty, too hard to be "upper-class", too hard to be british (well, some of them), so they all just came off as a bunch of actors and not as people.#3. the cast, as i said, seemed only like actors, and not actually like the people they were playing. maybe that's a good thing, because the people they played really weren't all that nice. why did everybody like emma, for example? sure, she was nice to the rich, handsome people in front of them, but she was an awful gossip behind their backs. if her friends were "ugly", then she didn't even bother to go behind their backs. so, why is this girl so great? why do people have to tell stories, "just to make her laugh?" of course the snob couldn't even do that right. i have enough problems with gwyneth paltrow as gwyneth paltrow, and her "emma" did not exactly change my opinion.well, it's easy to see that i did not care for this one. i'm sure it's a lovely book and all, but some books are really not meant to be made for the big screen, and "emma" is one of them.

usually, i know after the first minute of a movie if i will hate it or adore it... but now, i was wrong.the start was great; the "this is based on a true story" and blah blah blah thing was funny. after, the cartoons and the description of the guys' life with pictures made me think i had made the right choice.then, seeing the hilarious fake look of toronto was cool. also, the situation and appearance of the house seemed to confirm my first idea.that was maybe the first 10 minutes of the movie... which afterwards looked like an eternity.maybe that's just me not understanding english canadian humour (that's possible, english canadians also do not always understand quebecois humour), but hey... there was enough stuff in that for a short movie, *nothing* more. maybe that could be a meaning for the title? anyway, almost everything was filling, and very few things were even close to funny in my opinion.as a matter of fact, the "making of" was better than the movie. at least you understand the motivation behind that which made everything bad. the potential of the idea was great; that's why i rented the movie, being interested in the "annoying people disappearance" thing. but yet, i did not know the whole universe would vanish, and with it even a point to the movie.if you are english canadian, it seems you could appreciate the local humour, considering the surprising number of people who gave this movie an 8. otherwise, just think twice before losing your precious time...

unfortunately for me, the first busby berkeley movie i ever watched was "42nd street." i then expected all of his stuff to be that good. i found out that wasn't necessarily the case, even here, with my all-time favorite classic-era actor james cagney.oh, the musical numbers at the end are as spectacular as always, but the story is like many of the others and quite tiresome. they seem to always involve screaming, unhappy show producers. in this film, it's cagney who winds up shouting things out so often that he gives me a headache after awhile and his character wears thin....fast!even the songs in here are anywhere near "42nd street" class, songs you could hum for years and years - decades, i should say. the songs in this movie are not memorable. no, this is one of the few early cagney films - and berkeley films - i totally dislike and was very disappointed with while watching.

i've been watching a lot of cartoon or animated movies because i have a baby girl who likes to watch tv. i began to watch this movie to see if i would like my little one to watch it... and no. at the beginning i thought it was such a cute movie like the bambi movie, but all the way it was like insinuating the ducky was a homosexual. the info said that they were making fun of him because he wasn't good at sports, but that was not the case. it just seems like a movie made for kids to learn to be okay being gay. it was also very sad, as far as the ducky's dad and all. i don't know, i guess if you're gay you'd like it, but i don't think i'm going to watch it again with my little one.

i saw this by accident one lazy summer afternoon. it was playing on the family programming channel of hbo. at first i was drawn in, by what i thought was a disney animation. but then, after a few minutes, i found myself searching for the remote, so i could find the 'info button', to find out what in the world was on my tv. i have nothing against harvey f., i enjoy him in many of his films, but one thing he is not, is a voice-over artist. sure he has one of the more unique voices in hollywood, but it works only as a part of a bigger visual package. attaching his voice to a cute duck made watching somewhat difficult. as for the rest of the cast, uninspired. i suppose working on this film didn't appeal to the really good voice over talent out there.so, weak voice talent, strong animation...who was this film targeting? gay adolescent ducks? i don't get it. is there really such a dearth of role-models for young up and coming homosexuals, that we must resort to animated ducks? cute story, and like the title, this movie i found hard to love, just like an ugly duckling.

hated it. if you believe that everyone in the south is dumb, morally bankrupt, stupid, violent, a religious nut, or a child molester, then this film may be for you. everyone is poor and seemingly ignorant. in one scene, two older men are talking in a general store and one mentions that he had molested a set of sisters before they could tie their shoes. the man seemed proud of his actions, and the other man clearly took it as a normal part of life. very nice. a teenage girl walks the back roads looking for her sister and no one offers to help her -- despite an obvious limp and lack of food or water (no backpack, etc.). strathairn's character is not only thoroughly disgusting and slimy, but he is shown to be a religious believer who (typical for hollywood) reflects the vile nature of christians. a scene in the movie is highly reminiscent of the end of cape fear (the one with deniro) -- bible verses being spouted by the bad guy. i am from the great northwest, but found this film offensive because of the wonderful people i know who are from nc, wv, al, ms, ky, tn, etc.

dr. hackenstein begins at the turn of last century, '1909 the dawn of modern medical science' to be exact. dr. eliot hackenstein (david muir) is in the early stages of his rejuvenation of living tissue experiments, dr. hackenstein manages to bring a skinned rat back to life which confirms he has succeeded in bringing the dead back to life... it's now 'three years later' & dean slesinger (micheal ensign) is round the doc's house for dinner. as dean slesinger & dr. hackenstein eat they talk about hackenstien's experiments which dean slesinger has always been opposed to, dr. hackenstein shows dean slesinger his laboratory in his attic where he keeps the severed head of his wife sheila (sylvia lee baker) who died in an unfortunate 'accident' & can telepathically talk to him (christy botkin provides sheila's voice apparently). dr. hackenstein also show's dean slesinger a skinned chicken running around in a cage & explains that with the process he has developed he will bring sheila back to life. the dean has some sort of seizure & apparently dies. meanwhile sisters wendy (bambi darro as dyanne dirossario) & leslie trilling (catherine davis cox) plus their brother alex (john alexis) & their cousin melanie victor (stacey travis) are driving along near hackenstein's house when they crash, they seek shelter & assistance & arrive upon hackenstein's doorstep. dr. hackenstein invites the four stranded travellers to stay for the night. later on dr. hackenstein is visited by two grave-robbers, xavier (logan ramsey) & ruby rhodes (ann ramsey) who deliver a male body when hackenstein actually needs female parts for sheila. dr. hackenstein being the genius that he is decides not to waste the opportunity of having three young beautiful specimens available & starts to 'borrow' the bits 'n' pieces he needs to complete sheila...written & directed by richard clark i was pleasantly surprised by dr. hackenstein, i'll state right now that it ain't brilliant by any stretch of the imagination but for what it was i actually quite liked it. it moves at a reasonable pace even if it does tend to drag a little bit during it's middle as things settle down. the script tries to mix slapstick humour like a scene when dr. hackenstein is trying to restrain melanie & she tries to gain the attention of his deaf housekeeper yolanda simpson (catherine cahn) by kicking out & hackenstein keeping melanie behind yolanda's back who is seemingly oblivious to what's happening, with a touch of gore but i'd say dr. hackenstein is more of a comedy than horror in conception & feel throughout. there are some tacky puns & sexual innuendo as well which are always good for a laugh, dr. hackenstein to wendy "would you like to see my instruments" as an example. i also thought the scene when mrs trilling (phyllis diller) reports her missing daughter's to the bemused detective olin (william schreiner) was a pretty amusing sequence going round in circle's talking about why he isn't looking for them even though he has only just been told, why the cell doesn't have a prisoner in it & that if he didn't find the cousin not to worry about it. none of it's flat laugh-out-loud but i must admit i found myself smiling on occasion & found the film as whole to be quietly amusing. there isn't a lot of on screen gore, a few severed limbs, sheila's decapitated head, some medical stitching & those skinned animals which are definitely fake by the way. i liked the characters in dr. hackenstein too, which was surprise in itself. the acting isn't brilliant but to give everyone credit they put some effort into it, lots of exaggerated facial movements & some serious overacting means it's never dull, oh & the three birds in dr. hackenstein are fit if you know what i mean. technically the film is ok as well, once again it ain't going to win any oscars but i have to give the filmmakers at least some credit for trying to pull off a turn of the century period setting. it doesn't always work, the clothes are at odds with each other at times, the girls look like their from victorian england while the guys look like their from a western. the house looks as if all the filmmakers did was remove any modern object from the room & stick a few candles in there! it comes across as a little bit on the cheap side but it really isn't a bad looking film at all considering. could have done without the comedy music though. overall i ended up enjoying dr. hackenstein much more than i thought i would, although that in itself isn't a recommendation. it's certainly is not the best comedy horror film ever made & it certainly is not the worst either. a watchable enough piece of harmless fun.

two sisters, their perverted brother, and their cousin have car trouble. they then happen about the home of dr. hackenstein whom conveniently needs the body parts of three nubile young women to use in an experiment to bring his deceased lover back to life. he tells them that he'll help them get home in the morning, so they spend the night. then the good doctor gets down to work in this low-budget horror-comedy.i found this to be mildly amusing, nothing at all to actually go out of your way for (i stumbled across it on netflix instant view & streamed it to the xbox 360), but better then i expected it to be for a troma acquired film. most of the humor doesn't work, but their are still some parts that caused me to smile. plus the late, great anne ramsey has a small part and she was always a treat to watch.eye candy: bambi darro & sylvia lee baker got topless my grade: d+

apparently there's a very good reason why i never heard about "dr. hackenstein" before me and a couple of mates accidentally stumbled upon it and stupidly decided to give it a chance. that reason is: it sucks! it's a very pointless, dull, imbecilic and totally unmemorable horror comedy/parody. actually, to be honest, i'm not even sure if this was meant as a comedy because sometimes the script takes itself quite seriously and tries really hard to be a really ambitious and original late 80's horror effort. in the year 1909, at the dawn of a new era in medical science according to the opening sequences, dr. elliot hackenstein needs exactly three women – no more, no less – to refurbish his beloved wife whom he accidentally killed. she's only just a living head left now, but the stupid body snatchers only provide male cadavers. so when dr. hackenstein yells out "i need three female bodies to bring back my wife", his words aren't even cold and there just miraculously appear three young females (and one really annoying nerdy kid) with car trouble show up at his doorstep. why doesn't that ever happen to me? "i need a bunch of sexy voluptuous women to fill up my empty harem!!!" … see, nothing! anyway, the good doctor sees his wish fulfilled, but unfortunately – for science that is – he develops sympathy for one of the three girls. "dr. hackenstein" is a lame film that tries to cash in on the success of "re-animator" and even blatantly steal some of the comical aspects of that classic, like a severed head talking one-liners. it's easy to see why this film is never mentioned anywhere, as it doesn't appeal to fans of neither the horror nor the comedy genre. the funniest character is undoubtedly the loud-speaking female grave robber ruby; depicted by the anti-cherubic anne ramsey. 80's horror buffs will certainly remember her from wes craven's "deadly friend", where she played the nasty old hag neighbor who gets decapitated by a basketball. "dr. hackenstein" supposedly takes place in the early 1900's, but there are hardly any attempts to re-create the atmosphere of that era (except maybe for some automobiles). dr. hackenstein's laboratory is a quite clichéd 80's set piece, with all sorts of smoky cauldrons and test tubes full of fluorescent colors.

take your basic frankenstein flick, inject some reanimator (but not the good parts), and you have doctor hackenstein. certainly, this was obviously inspired by aforementioned films but it never materializes as anything special on its own.a scientist accidentally kills his wife, so the whole movie takes place over the course of one night as he attempts to revive his wife. to revive his wife, he decides to chop off body parts from some women that have become stranded and, coincidentally, decide to stay the night at his place.i can't really say the acting is bad, nor is the directing. everything here is just way too standard. what little attempts there are at humor actually work (check out the scene when hackenstein keeps hiding behind his deaf assistant because she would undoubtedly be very upset if she saw him clutching a woman and a needle), but that's hardly enough to recommend this film. the music is decent, what blood that's there is decent, and the cast looks quite good. and for half of the time, i was even entertained by this film. but i never felt like this was anything more than a time waster. avoidable.try frankenhooker instead.

this movie features an o.k. score and a not bad performance by david muir as dr. hackenstein. the beginning and end credits show along with the most of the actors and the "special effects" that this is a low budget movie. there is nothing in this movie that you could not find in other mad scientist, horror/comedy, or low budget movies. not special for any nude scene buffs or bad movie lovers either. this movie is simply here. anne ramsey and phillis diller are nothing to get excited about as well. if you are curious as i was and can actually find this, you will realize the truth of the one line summary.

dreck about three beautiful women in california who go to cover some festival (or something). all the hotels are booked so they have to spend the night in a creepy old house. what they don't know is that there is a creepy inhabitant there who likes to kill...yawn. boring, pointless, utterly stupid "horror" film. bach and her two buddies are certainly beautiful but the movie itself is dull dull dull! bach and her friends are no actresses--their faces are blank all the way through. the final "revelation" is laughably predictable and there's no blood or gore to keep you interested along the way. there is some expected gratuitous female nudity but that's not enough to save this. boring, pointless and unknown (for good reason). a 1 all the way.

i purchased this movie at a car boot sale, so i was not expecting it to be a horror movie on the same level as a nightmare on elm street (1984) or the hills have eyes (1977) but i thought that it would still be fairly enjoyable to watch. however, it proved to be not at all enjoyable, but instead the acting and the general movie was mock-able, such as the ways the the 'unsees killer' murders his victims and how all of the people killed just happen to be young blonde women. it was a stereotypical horror film. i say this because of the following reasons:1) three blonde women in danger, the majority get killed. 2) one survives by crawling around in the dark while being chased by the killer. 3) surprise surprise, help arrives in the form of a shotgun!by using three simple points, i have saved you two odd hours by summarising this poor excuse of a horror movie, so you are now lucky enough to not have to watch it.

much like the early horror film the boogens, the devious unseen killer is quite a letdown when it finally becomes seen. although animal house's stephen furst obviously had fun in the role as a product of incest, his performance is more comedy than horror.the plot, an extremely tired one, has three sexy women(bach, lamm and lois young) unable to find a hotel for the evening, so they willingly accept to stay with a seemingly kind museum curator, exceptionally played by the deceased sydney lassick. if you have ever seen any horror film, you know that lovable il' sydney is a deranged psycho, so one knows what will happen to the lovely ladies.the three women are all very attractive, especially barbara bach, but lois young(a helen hunt clone) is the only one to go nude, as sydney watches her take a bath.

this scared the hell out of me when i was a teenager. now i find it more amusing than scary, but with some pretty unsettling moments and with a kind of sleazy quality to it that i like. and, come to think of it, the plot is rather disgusting actually...but handled with some kind of taste. if there is a problem with this movie, it is that there are huge gaps where nothing exciting or interesting happens. also, the ending goes on forever, making a potentially tense climax seem silly after a while with barbara bach screaming and screaming. the "monster", after it is exposed, isn't very scary either unfortunately. the somewhat drab look of the movie also works against it, making it appear as a tv-movie more than something made for theaters. but it is an example of films that are rarely made nowadays so i urge horror fans to watch it and feel a bit nostalgic...

this cannon movie tale is the worst of the lot, and is positive proof that a five minute fable does not a full-length film make. poor sid caesar as the vain emperor, is made to look so stupid, it's hard to watch him. as the sly tailor, robert morse hasn't an ounce of charm. neither does his hapless nephew (jason carter) the "songs" are dreadful and only slow what there is of the plot down. the direction is practically nonexistent, and the supporting characters add very little. lysette anthony is pretty as the emperor's daughter, but her voice has obviously been dubbed for some reason, a fate shared by many of the minor players. and the film crawls at a snails pace. hans christian andersen must have been turning somersaults in his grave when this appeared. it can honestly be said, at least of this movie tale, it's no surprise that it went straight to video oblivion.

this movie was so predictable. its a complete rip off of those, "i was abused by daddy i'm gonna kill women" movies. stupid scenes, bad acting, unoriginal storyline, really low budget piece of crap film.don't waste your time people. trust me.my rating: 0/5.0

casting aside many of the favorable comments that have obviously come from friends and/or relatives that pepper this and many other low budget independents listed on imdb, one is lost when it comes to using these reviews as an accurate gauge. so eventually you have to go out and rent the flick just to see for yourself. one of the first things you must understand are the catch phrases that camouflage the reality of the movie. in this case the term "dark psychological thriller." read: "hack writer/director who thinks he's an auteur, who replaces plot, story, and action, with what he believes is a deep insight into the human soul. his great insight? festering and repressed childhood traumas emerge to wreck havoc when we become adults. wow, i bet freud would be really impressed! too many would be film makers like kallio, who were raised on low budget horror flicks of the last few decades, fail to dig their own fresh grave. instead, they fall into the pre-dug graves of the many other directors that came before them. they are content with rehashing old and tired horror clichés that they borrowed from a dozen or more films. the result is an unoriginal, uninspired, unbelievable waste of film stock.

it took 9 years to complete this film. i would think that within those 9 years someone would have said,hey, this film is terrible. i've seen better acting in porn movies. the story is tired and played. abused child turns into serial killer. how about something new for a change. how about abused child turns into a florist? at least that would have been a new twist. why is it that everyone with a camera and a movie idea (especially unoriginal movie ideas) thinks that they can be a director? i do admire the fact that they stuck with this film for 9 years to get it completed. that shows tenacity and spirit. with this kind of drive hopefully next time they can focus it on a better script. if you want to see a failed experiment in indie film making from a writer/director from michigan see hatred of a minute. if you want a good movie from a michigan writer/director stick with evil dead.

barry, a medical transcriptionist has his mind corroding from his job coupled with memories of an abusive upbringing at the hands of his stepfather, barry (the original leatherface gunnar hansen). he spirals into madness and eventually a serial killer. good (in the form of a gay man) and evil (in the form of a bald mute guy) battle for control of his soul. this film is undone by some bad acting and unintentional humorous scenes. not to say it's horrible or anything, just that you cal tell that it's only as known as it is on account of bruce campbell's rabid fan base (of which i am one) who will likely see anything he's in or involved with in some way.my grade: c- dvd extras: commentary with michael kallio, and bruce campbell; second commentary by kallio and sound designer joel newport; 'hating every minute' a 17 minute documentary; deleted and extended scenes; alternate takes; outtakes, footage of the world premiere; poster & still gallery; talent bios; and theatrical trailer dvd-rom: screenplay in .pdf format 2 easter eggs: highlight the eyes for a laughing outtake (left eye) and one minute of nothing but an actual easter egg (right eye)

this is the kind of movie that wants to be good but sucks. first thing, what the hell are those punk trying to do with the school? i think the kids doesn't seem to realize the gravity of the situation. deker guy say to the girl that they under his responsibility when she ask why he wants to go back for them but right after this he gives a gun to the wheel chair dude and wants him to go alone repair the phone line. where is the responsibility there? i understand poor actors must pay their food but why not just give them the money that takes to make a stupid movie like that or give that money to a charity. oh yea and none of them knows how to aim. the stupid punk guy shoots in the cafeteria nowhere like a crazy. they all want to look professional but they all suck. one more thing i don't believe that there's no emergency exit in the school the kids are trying several doors but they all locked. what happens if there's a fire and the dumass security guard is dead? it is illegal to not have an emergency exit in school. anyway there's a lot more to say but it would be too long. i spent some time of my life to watch a crap.

i just rented this movie to see dolph lundgren, whom i hadn't seen in any movies since rocky iv. unfortunately this movie was a big disappointment. the acting of all the parties was bad except for mr. lundgren, who was okay-ish. kata dobó was something nice to look at despite her ridiculous outfit and make-up.the plot is not at all clever, it's something that's been repeated a million times in different movies. the crooks were utterly stereotypical, and lundgren's character hadn't any depth in it. i didn't really expect a movie masterpiece, but unfortunately this is not even decent action. every turn in the plot is extremely predictable and the unbelievable amount of over-the-top unrealism and comic-book like characters started to annoy me strongly pretty soon.i would recommend this to young kids wanting some comic-like action, but only if nothing else is available.1/10. (i guess the current average vote of 7.0 with 6 votes must have been influenced by somebody involved in making this movie)

i wasn't expecting a lot from a film directed by sidney j. furie and starring dolph lundgren but i was surely expecting more than a got. a one-liner user comment - 2nd rate action movie - didn't seem too depreciative to me for a lundgren film. on the other hand, i wouldn't have bothered to watch this film if its rating was below 5.0 but hey, the movie had a 5.9 out of 10 score, which seemed pretty acceptable to me for this kind of production.now i understand that the 37.5% of people who rated this film a 10 (excellent) was clearly a publicity stunt because detention is the regular nu image garbage you have seen before, over and over.lundgren does not convince as an ex-military turned a history teacher assigned to a rough school. his acting is just plain terrible, emotionless and contrived. lundgren's inability to act becomes more visible in the scenes with the juvenile delinquent kids. either they are great actors or, compared to lundgren, they seem great actors - just because they seem natural and believable.detention has some elements that could have been potentially interesting for this low budget movie - a closed-for-weekend high-security high school, four teens in detention with a war-veteran teacher and a group of ruthless criminals trying to get in - but the story (something like the breakfast club meets die hard, or is it panic room?) is full of unbelievable situations, lots of clichés and stereotypical characters. and let's not forget dolph lundgren is the main actor.alex karzis and kata dobó play a bonnie and clyde couple in love and they deliver the most acceptable performances of the movie, even if he seems a low-budget version of sam rockwell and she, a milla jovovich wanna-be. in a movie where everything fails, their craziness and style supplied enough fresh air to prevent my interest from dropping to ground zero.

interesting story about a soldier in a war who misses out on saving the life of a young girl from the enemy and is haunted by this event, even though he did save many other captive children. the film flashes a head and this soldier is now a teacher in a high school that is managed mostly by policemen patrolling the hallways, bathrooms and even class rooms. in other words, the high school is a prison and most of the kids pay very little attention to their teachers or principal. dolph lundgren,(sam decker) plays the soldier/school teacher and decides he is going to quit teaching and go into another field. however, the principal asks him to have a detention class as his last duty as a teacher. it is at this point in the film when all hell breaks loose and the story becomes a complete bomb. try to enjoy it, if you decided to view it !

i should preface this by stating that i am a dolph lundgren fan. the man turns out some of the funniest action clichés imaginable and detention is probably my personal favorite. *spoiler* even though there is no such thing as a dolph spoiler since the scripts are so absurd to begin with: a chase scene with a handicapped kid carrying a pistol versus a guy on a harley with a sub-machine gun, through a high school hallway and the kid wins? good game, the oscar goes to detention. dolph, if you're reading this, thanks for the laughs, old friend.in summary: terrific movie that is a guaranteed laugh. i recommend inviting some friends over for this and forcing them to sit through it. hilarious.

normally i wouldn't feel qualified to review something i only saw a half hour of, but i'll make an exception for this one.let the dialogue speak for itself! here's some of the bad guy's lines: "i smell...teacher!" "sorry, teacher! you get an 'f!'"bad guy and bad girl ( right after killing 2 cops and stealing a van full of drugs, they're getting hot and heavy):him -"so how do you feel about shooting some innocent bystanders?"her- (purrs) "you sure know how to show a girl a good time..." one generic kid who ran for his life instead of helping someone, gets to sum up his life and personality in this line -"i am a chicken-twit! (this was the usa network version) my old man was right! no wonder he left us..." boo-hoo.(not actually a spoiler ) bad guy (on fire) screams "aargh! fire!"

well, what's to say. the golden child falls in the category "so bad, it's good". eddie murphy is having some funny (and sometimes quite annoying lines), but you are still entertained. chales dance has never been worse than his role as the villain sardo numspa (what a f***ed up name is this??).who should watch the golden child... hm... difficult to say, but my best guess would be people who likes embarrassing movies and can be entertained by bad acting, bad plot and an even more embarrassing dialog.4 out of 10

definitely one of funny man eddie murphy's lesser films is this nonsense about a kidnapped mystical child, three hundred year old dragons and a "chosen one".murphy is the "chosen one" in question, and as the opening song suggests, he is "the best man in the world". a finder of lost and missing children, he is approached by a mysterious tibetan woman (charlotte lewis) who tells him he is "the chosen one", and that it is his destiny to find and rescue "the golden child". for if the child were to die, compassion would die with him, as he is the bearer of compassion.if all this hocus pocus rubbish hasn't ruined it for you now, it surely will once the movie begins. suffice to say the plot is abominable and destroys the whole film. meant to be another vehicle for murphy's egotistical brand of humour (the comedy isn't so great mind you), the movie fails on many levels. even charles dance as the evil sardo numspa can't do much for proceedings. very silly and disappointing.sunday, december 12, 1993 - t.v.

unlike "the adventures of buckaroo banzai", or "big trouble in little china", or "conan the barbarian", which are horrible films that have a certain coolness and self-deprecating humor that turn them into cult sensations, the golden child is just plain bad.the premise itself is not unworkable, and there are some funny moments. but here the eddy murphy "flip attitude" just deflates any feeling of tension or danger in the story. and the special effects are silly enough to do more damage to that tension. the "mystic secrets" of tibetan buddhism are lampooned rather than drawn upon to compel.without a feeling that anything is at stake, or that the characters are faced by real danger, why should we care?who should see this film:-- big fans of eddy murphy who can't help themselves-- i can't think of anyone elsei'll give this film a 4 out of 10 for the occasional joke that worked.

this film is self indulgent rubbish. watch this film if you merely want to hear spoken gaelic or enjoy the pleasant soundtrack. watch for any other reason and you will be disappointed. it should be charming but isn't - it's just irritating. the characters are difficult to care about and the acting is poor. the stories within the film are also charmless and sinister. i was expecting a heartwarming family film but this also held no appeal to my fourteen year old daughter. it is rarely that i cannot see a film through to its conclusion but this one got the better of both of us.although the film is set in current times it has the look and feel of a cheap east european film made during the cold war. there isn't even enough in the way of beautiful scottish scenery and cinematography to redeem it. a real shame because as a film this is an embarrassment to scotland.

i rented this film out having heard of the fuss about it not being put up for an academy award, but after watching it, it's easy to see why it didn't. despite the beautiful photography, the film is incredibly slow moving, despite having hardly any plot.the plot is about a young boy trying to come to terms with his parents' death in what may or may not have been an accident (the film is never clear on this), and how his grandfather used to tell him fairy stories. the fairy stories contain the only bits of interest in the plot, but they're very short, and don't really seem to have any point. the first fairy story in particular concerns a boy trying to get a magical flower to his dying girlfriend to save her life, but the boy delays by tasting the flower first to make sure it is not poisonous which results in him being a few seconds too late to save his girlfriend - the grandfather then pronounces that the moral is that the boy was too impatient, but that doesn't make any sense because it was overcaution and slowness which resulted in his failure. perfect metaphor for this film really. the photography of skye is beautiful though, but then stardust which was released this year is another film about fairy stories filmed in skye and beautifully photographed - and it's infinitely better than this one.

here's why the jane show won't work. once again canadian bonehead producers and writers can't create a sitcom without putting some kind of different spin on it. i guess these people don't watch a lot of t.v. from the u.s. which has the sitcom model down pat. no, here we have to do something different, we have to make the a story absolutely absurd and then have a meaningful b story to try to make up for it. the characters are two dimensional and the story lines are way over the top: forklift races??? give me freaking break. here's a little advice for the writers of the show, don't write funny situations, find the funny in situations. and remember, you have to be born with a sense of humor to write truly funny stuff, not just be an improv monkey.

this film should have been fun. a young lea thompson, a young joaquin phoenix... and terry o'quinn. in space. but it dragged on, had unlovable characters and had no target audience.some kids go to a space camp and are accidentally launched into space by a robot friend of theirs (named, appropriately, jinx). the space scenes are then long, repetitive (the same accident happens twice) and either cheesy or frightening depending on your point of view. adults will be bored and cheesed out, kids might be scared as the way this was filmed really leaves an eerie sense about it.there is a budding romance, but unlike the shuttle -- this never takes off. why it is included in the first place is unclear, except maybe to add extra tension between the characters - but it failed if that was the idea.a young lea thompson should be quirky and attractive, right? i mean, "back to the future" is great. but no, she was irritating and average-looking. not someone you'd want to date, have as a friend or even consider as a role model. joaquin phoenix? he's really lucky he ever appeared in movies again this performance. maybe he can act like mikey in the life cereal commercials, but he doesn't seem to know how to be a normal boy. he doesn't fit in on screen and i don't think we can identify with him at home. i actually would have been happier if he had never returned to earth.i don't recommend this film to anyone.

i'm not going to bag this film for all the myriad technical f|u|c|k|u|p|s, it would take two days to outline how the whole thing isn't even remotely possible. others have pointed out all the relevant stupidities already.given all that, i still could have sort of enjoyed it, if only they hadn't included all the maudlin, nauseating, infuriating, disneyesque sentimental crap, which is so out of place anywhere, but nowhere more than out in space, where the tiniest mistake can mean instant death.the "crew", as well as the "real" astronaut were equally guilty of putting all their fatuous nonsense ahead of everything else. it completely ruined any value the production may have had left.i'm surprised nasa let this garbage out so that so many people would get so much misinformation about something so important to them. if you haven't seen this yet, save yourself the irritation. watch apollo 13 again. at least that tried to be sort of real.

i cannot believe how uneducated this movie is. it's like watching police academy, except it's with people that have no clue of what they are talking about, and...wait, there is a stupid robot that is supposed to be a sidekick. i can understand suspension of disbelief, but this is just complete stupidity. not only is there no plot to this movie. it's like watching someone that pretends to be a doctor, throw non-medical words around as if they were chief of staff at a major medical facility. plus the people are wearing clothes that are un-befitting for a space program. i feel like i'm watching a valley-girls "b" movie, in space.

space camp, which had the unfortunate luck to be planned around the time of the challenger accident, deserves such luck. the "stars" make a mockery of acting, lea thomson actually being turned sideways, when asked for more than her usual wide-eyed innocent smile, presumably to mask her risible attempts. the movie is at times hilarious, when it begins to ask far too much of you. a small boy keeps a multi-million dollar robot in his closet which breaks when given too many commands by the hordes of cliched dorm-mates. this hackneyed and unlovable machine, "jinx", is a major player in the ridiculous premise of the movie, which seems part short circuit, part 2001 by the airplane team. i shan't bore you with this, suffice it to say you can only laugh when faced with it. having said all of this, it is enjoyable to watch, in a seaquest, saved by the bell kind of way. the romance and technology, beware, are as unbelievable as each other. also, if you're an eighties freak, its unmissable for the amusing performances of kate capshaw (willie from temple of doom) and, obviously, lea thompson. also, joaquin phoenix puts in a dodgy turn as a sort of wannabe goonie who befriends jinx. do not go near this movie if you are not a fan of trash.

ok, forget all the technical inconsisties or the physical impossibilities of the space shuttle accidentally being launched by a quirky robot with a heart of gold. forget the hideous special effects and poorly-constructed one-dimensional characters. just looking at the premise of the story. the very reason for the film to exist in the first place, and you will see just how badly this film was pieced together.i know 9 year olds that look at this insult to the intelligence and just laugh at it. the story is horrible. the acting is comical and the message its trying to show is incomprehensible. and whats worse, is that the cable movie channels keep showing it! its on twice a day every two or three days! why does anyone in their right mind think that people would want to see this painful piece of celluloid multiple times, much less to see it at all?my recomendation is dont even bother spending the energy to watch this thing. its just not worth it.

i was in second grade, 12 years ago. i remember it clearly. we were learning about space. all little kids want to go to space, right? well, after i saw this, i was so scared to death that i would 'accidentally' get flung into space by some psychotic robot with a one track mind. i had no idea that this was a movie. i thought it was some news program or something. i guess it was my own version of when people were freaked out by the radio program 'war of the worlds.' so, recently, i get this movie again to watch, realizing my favorite actor, joaquin phoenix was in it (then known as leaf phoenix). i can tell you, i was laughing at the dramatic parts and laughing even harder at the acting. i mean, when andy is in space, she moves in slow motion, did you ever notice that? i don't think being in space makes you talk that slow or think that slow.the best part is when andy is knocked unconscious by the oxygen tank, and begins to float backwards as the security doors close. little max is trying to pull her in. suddenly, we get a major close up on max's face as he shouts (in slow motion) "whaaaaatttt'ssss happpeniiiinngggg?!?!?" i had no idea.

rumor has it that when the nasa technical advisors to this film were asked to keep the picture believable, they laughed for several hours. after all, unless you are a politician or work/crew the shuttle, you are not going to get in the shuttle. furthermore, space (cadet) camp is in alabama, not florida.the truth is everyone on earth will win multi-billion dollar lottery prizes before the events depicted in this film ever become possible. this film was meant for kids, and had to have been written by one, because they are not aware of the myriad restrictions and requirements regarding access to ksc/ccafs.this is the most useless film of all time, and it was a well deserved flop.

i am a huge horror/splatter fan, i even enjoy horror films some people consider as stupid. i also like gore. the more the merrier as long as it has a point.after reading the other people's reviews on the site i was sure this film was going to be a little gem. but much to my disappointment it proved to be one of the most pointless films i've ever watched.the acting was terrible, the dialogs were stupid, the plot was pointless, the special effects were useless and the editing was probably done by someone who has been dead for the past 2 years. usually i find that all these characteristics make a great b horror movie . but not in this case.i waisted 11 eur to get this dvd. unless you actually enjoy pointless gore ( for example the "violent sh*t" films) avoid at any cost!

i ordered this extremely rare and highly overrated movie on ebay with very high expectations. i think i paid about 50$ for this movie. as an eternal fan of horror, from cheesy 80s american slashers to european zombie films, i told myself this was going to be great! i can't tell you how wrong i was. first of all, i thought it was gonna be pretty much gorier than it actually is. after all i've had heard about this film, i was almost scared to watch it. the murders are boring. the acting... forget it, there's no acting! the story, even if we don't care, is incredibly bad. it seems they tried to get your attention with some weird sexual scenes and naked girls, but unfortunately in this case it doesn't help the movie. why? there's no atmosphere, and this is the worst thing about this flick. it's just bad film-making from point a to b. though it's extremely funny and amusing to watch with your friends and a lot of beers, don't make any effort to get your hands on it. there are so many movies in this world, don't waste your time watching necro files!

a girl is showering unknowing that a serial rapist is staring at her through the skylight. detectives martin manners and orville stone is hot on his trail, but not hot enough as they find him after he kills, rapes, and eats a nipple of the girl.he's the shot to death. one would hope that this would be the end of the film. not because it's too horrifying, but because the level of acting is atrociously horrid. sadly it's not the end and months later the rapist is resurrected as a zombie by a coven of satanists. so he continues where he left off, with the detectives on the case again, this time a flying baby is after him too (don't ask). there has been very good very low-budget movies (street trash and filthy mcnasty spring to mind), but this one is scraping the bottom of the barrel. horrible acting, crappy dime store special effects, lame attempt at comedy and oh yeah, and the ending sucks too.my grade: f eye candy: theresa bestul gets fully nude; anne r. key gets topless

i rarely write reviews for imdb.com, but i feel compelled to warn potential viewers that this movie is terrible. just terrible. i like shaw bros. movies (i'm not a hater.), and i had high expectations for this one since i found it listed on many "10 best kung fu/martial arts movies" websites. (i'm now convinced that those 10 best lists are all cut-and-paste jobs.) first of all, there's barely any action in the film. most of the movie consists of talking about the plot, which is an amazing feat because it's thin at best. and the action itself may have been impressive back in 1978, but it's routine by today's standards. a special warning to netflix users: the dvd they ship is terrible; the picture is horrendous and it's not even 16:9 enhanced.

considering its popularity, i found this movie a huge disappointment. maybe i was expecting too much from this film. after all, it is one of the most well known martial arts films of the 1970s, but i could never figure out why. the story is uninteresting. it is also a very talky movie with sporadic action sequences. my biggest problem with the movie was that the story does not offer a character that i could root for, since the intended hero is an idiot. director chang has no sense of style, and he is unable to hide the glaring imperfections found in the narrative. i know this is not supposed to be high art, but i found the movie boring. definitely not the best example of this much-beloved genre. its cult status escapes me. i recommend you to skip it.

i watched an episode. yes i sat through the entire miserable experience, and i have to say, this brand of comedy is one of the worst you will get. imagine peter griffin, of family guy fame. now imagine peter griffin as a(admittedly slim and minus the glasses) woman, except that he now lacks the something that made him hilarious. peter griffin is an idiot, but he doesn't know he's an idiot. sarah has none of the genuine character, none of the acting ability to pull her character off. maybe its the trite, formulaic jokes that pull her comedy even lower than her character can take it by herself. maybe it's the lack of believable foils. her insensitive, bigoted persona may appeal to insensitive, bigoted people unlike the mass appeal that stephen colbert's insensitive, bigoted character has. like bill o'reilly, sarah creates an annoying, unfunny character. she lacks something that is necessary for the genre of satire, let alone for the entire world of comedy. what sarah silverman lacks, its noticeable. and when you don't believe it and identify with it, it's not funny anymore.

i remember my parents not understanding saturday night live when i was 15. they also did not understand rock n roll and many other things. now that i am approaching their age, i still remember, and find i understand many of the things my kids love. but this is pathetic. i cannot say i have seen any by sarah except for a few appearances here and there. they were reasonable. i do not see her as anything special. but this show is just so far below what i expected from her. the imdb write up made it sound like potential. so, just for that, i started watching the first episode. i turned it off half way through. anything else is better that that. jokes that are meant for a 5 year old presented on a supposed adult program. well, sarah, this adult is inly moved to turn you off. i just cant believe that someone actually financed this insult to comedy. only good thing i can say is that there are sooooo many bad jokes deposited here, saving other shows from such an embarrassment.

unfortunately for sarah silverman this show doesn't compliment her at all.the character isn't even remotely likable and it's not a situation where you think "oh she's such i b*tch i love her" just "she's such a b*tch".this character is just a plain old self righteous, mean, b*tch.sarah seems to struggle to have to carry this show because she's the only semi funny one in it.the mood, the dialogue it's all so damn boring and dry it's like listening to your grandpa go on and on about the marbles he collected as a kid.the sarah silverman program is so unbelievably boring that i was thinking of changing the channel to watch old repeats of married with children something that is funny because the characters are so "immoral" and "rude".i'm sorry but i don't find a show packed with dry humour and corny off the wall story lines about some angry, bitter, loser's angry, bitter life with her annoying as hell sister and gay friends who sound like keanu reeves with a cold anywhere close to funny.i can't stand this show even though generally i find sarah silverman to be that "i love her cause she's such a b*tch character" like in school of rock, and most of her stand up.i think this show is boring with characters who think being mean and saying and doing things for shock value eg. the constant pube, diarrhea and $hit in general for laughs.the sarah silverman program attempts to be funny and fails it either needs a laugh track or better writers.someone compared it to south park but it's not even close.i've expressed my opinions on the sarah silverman program and won't become an annoying troll meaning you won't see me being a b*tch and constantly posting stuff like "this show sucks" and "why isn't this cancelled yet".i don't like the sarah silverman program if you do enjoy.

i had just watched one episode of this program and i couldn't even get to the end of the program. every minute i had watched this program my i.q must of dropped about 10 points. this is basically like a children's program but with swearing. not even the swearing and the insults she tells other people made me laugh. anyways the story must of been written by a monkey and the people who actually put this script for this program through for filming must of been held at gun point and had no choice but to film this retarded, disappointing, horribly acted program. sarah silvermann should use the little money she actually made from this program and get some god damn acting lessons.

comedy central has had success with original programming using professional comics. the chapelle show, mind of mencia, the daily show and the hugely popular colbert report all star professional comics and all are, or in the case of chapelle show, were, solid shows. given that sarah silverman is one of the best female comics in the business, i was expecting good stuff when i tuned in.i was so disappointed.there were some mildly funny sequences, but given that the star is the caliber of silverman, the show could have been much better. it was just the pilot, and hopefully next week's show will be better. if not, get her some help in the form of better writers for the show.

can we say retarded? this girl has no talent what so ever, nothing but complete garbage. you people are just marking 10 stars because you know most people hate this pathetic woman, if its such a "great" show then why did it get canceled after 6 measly episodes? exactly. people that support her, please seek help you do not know what is funny. her stand up comedy is just so stupid, seriously how do you find this trash funny? the show tries to poke fun at stereo types and other things that are not funny at all. carlos mencia is funny and to that stupid poster, he actually has fans and his show is on the air so i'm sorry your a redneck who doesen't get his jokes. please give me my 20 minutes of my life back.

i understand the jokes quite well, they just aren't good. the show is horrible. i understand it, and that's another horrible thing about it. the only cool character there ever was on the show was that one hobo in that one episode, but then i see the other episode including that episode and the show is horrible. it's not funny, not funny! i don't want people to say "only smart people get it" because if they're so smart why do they judge people they don't even know and say that they're not smart or intellectual enough to understand it? it's like saying "the sky is red" but never looking outside. but anyways, this is absolutely the worst show i have ever seen in my life, the jokes are terrible, i mean, you can understand them, they're just horrible, her controversy is very lame, her fart jokes and other jokes on bodily fluids are really dumb and usually consist of really bad acting. i'm not sure what these "smart" people see in this show, but judging others when they don't even know anything about any of us isn't exactly a smart comment.

sarah silverman is really the "flavor of the month" comic right now. is she really worth all the hype? yes and no. she is funny at times, sometimes hilariously so (her standup routine is actually quite interesting, though not always funny). other times, you're feeling cheated by the media for overhyping yet another performer. she is one of those really cute comedians that men especially flock to, saying that they dig her intelligence and wit. but if you corner them, most men will admit that they just want to sleep with her, and that's why they watch her. she reminds me of why many men flocked to margaret cho and janeane garofalo, even though neither of them are really "hot" now in terms of popularity. sarah doesn't drink or smoke (at least cigs), so she should be hot when she's 60, so her fans (especially the male ones) can rejoice.as for this show, it's very much like her comedy. when it works, it's hilarious. when it doesn't, it's full blown tedium and very, very boring. the aids episode here is the best one. it's consistently funny, and has some really good satire in it. brian poeshn's character has an unhealthy obsession with tab in one episode, and it's hilarious seeing him in a tab t-shirt. but they never really go anywhere with it, and it eventually wears out its welcome. sarah's character in the series is rather annoying, the gay couple (brian poeshn and some other guy) seems tacked on and never really does anything for the show as a whole, and the supporting players (including sarah's real life sister, laura, who doesn't look a thing like her) are ok. when the jokes hit, they're brilliant. when they don't, they're awful, and i mean really awful. there's also an obsession with coprophilia here (aka poop jokes), which seems to have replaced actual wit and intelligence in comedy today. so should you watch this show? if you have a crush on sarah, go for it. you can gaze at her and pretend she's yours. as for her show, it's ranges from good to absolute zero.

and when i watch sarah silverman, i get the same results. i love quirky, irreverent humor. but this woman is so darned b-o-r-i-n-g, annoying, and yawn-worthy. she's also totally lacking in anything whatsoever humorous. the deadpan way she tries to deliver her lines is just dead on arrival because she's just not funny. i watched two segments of her program and was ready for novocaine.geez, my kid (age 19) saw her promos on comedy central and said she was a "dumb chick." i thought that was a compliment. the one where she says "watch my show or i'll kill my dog," is actually believable. i know she's a wanna be comedienne. she just comes across as a warped nut-case. i just don't ever want to see her around my dog.

i have given this show (i have only watched seven episodes) four stars because most of her jokes/set-ups appear to fail. some are not funny outright, but some are amusing -- in a 12 year old boy kind of way. she reminds me of that new york painter who throws paint upon a canvas, calls it art and sells it for a lot of money. silverman throws out what she's got, including the kitchen sink, while she prays that a few things stick to the wall in her effort to be funny but different.however what she's "got" often times is not enough, as though she lacks the kind of follow-through a good comedian needs to succeed.the whole enterprise is like an under done potato.

comedy central has a habit of putting on great programs at times-chappelle's show, the daily show, colbert report, and then there are those that some people love or hate-stella, dr. katz. then there are some shows that have their defenders but are just plain awful- mencia, and now, sarah silverman.this show is based on the fact silverman is self-centered, which can be funny (colbert report) but can be horrible (mind of mencia). it should shock no one that i believe the latter is the case. this show is a parody of a sitcom and society, a program so absurd it loses itself in its absurdity and it simply isn't funny. a woman farting has been done in comedy many many times because its not something that's common. we don't need 25 minutes of it. when a criminal is disarmed by a queef, it simply loses its appeal-we saw it in jay and silent bob strike back, except the women were hotter, and the whole scene was more absurd, making it better. but the best comparison of this show is to stella, except stella was more subtle, which is what made the absurdist comedy funny. it had better acting, and i suppose, a bit more of a fantastical realist view.perhaps the fact some reviews are so negative (i'm very skeptical of the critical acclaim but do not dispute fan reaction) to this show is the amount of advertising on it, very obnoxious ads through many programs far outdo advertising on for other programs. many people are wondering why sarah silverman has a career, and others are still bitter when better shows have been canceled. this show should've never made it past the unaired pilot stage. back to norm showed far more promise, yet this show makes it further. and as far as critics being correct, many things have been universally panned have seen their status rise immensely. last i checked, britney spears gets good reviews too also. take that comparison however you want because someone will no doubt accuse me of being psychotic on imdb for not liking this show.

i wouldn't be so quick to look at all the good reviews and say this might be a good show..this show is only good if you don't know what "talent" is..i won't even say how offensive it is (i know it can be offensive to a lot of people) because thats not really what bothers me about the show.. what bothers me is that people watch this and think it's funny..it makes me feel like our generation is getting to stupid and i'm actually scared that it will one day be run by people who watch this garbage..basically the plot is simple..it's about an offensive,self centered,spoiled women(sarah silvermen) getting through everyday life..thats it..like that hasn't been done a million times..in fact almost every joke either has been done or is racist..sarah also likes to sing..i like her voice..thats it..not the lyrics..the lyrics are dreadful..which she likes to sing about a lot of things..if you like to see a hot women put everyone else down and make them feel like crap while at the same time farting and saying crap about every race then this show is for you..

a low point in human interaction was reached by the maysles brothers with this film. do remember, you who used words like "masterpiece"when reviewing this film, that these maysles creeps didn't just happen to drive to the hamptons and happen to shoot film on some eccentric people. no, when they found these two poor pathetic people they then had to finance their project (and imagine what they told the money people to sell the project). then they befriended the two extremely vulnerable women. no meeting of minds here or real consensual participation. these wretched maysles smiled, kissed ass, did whatever they had to to get the beales to cooperate and then exploited them as viciously as has ever been done. one would like to think that these hustlers had occasional thoughts of remorse and guilt. but the film-making process, given the preplanning, actual shooting and then editing took a lot of time and their goal had no provisions for actually relating to the beales as human beings. an exploitation film perpetrated by the vilest of people. as time accrued their film-making reputation has been seriously stained by what they did here. their reputation as human beings is execrable. that is what people will remember them as. grotesque hustlers.

despite the overwhelming cult following for this sad "documentary," i must admit to having cordially loathed the film which struck our party as far more a distressing exploitation piece than usefully informative. that said, after seeing the magnificent stage musical drawn from it, one can appreciate what the film might have been in surer hands. one suspects that those many of us who actively suffered through the film may have had any campy delights its crueler fans enjoyed destroyed by the uncomfortable suspicion that too many of us - or those we know - are only a misstep or two away from the deplorable plight of the two mad women depicted who live in and contribute to a squalor they seem incapable of controlling or escaping.the film leaves the viewer desperately wondering how any person could have slid to this level of degradation and, unlike the musical, offers no cautionary clues or explanations, only a horror show unredeemed by humor or insight. this soul crushing flatness of the film makes the achievement of the stage version (hopefully to be filmed ultimately for cable) all the more remarkable. act ii is faithful in almost every detail to the film under discussion but strangely, setting the sad inmates' plight to music, raises the human tragedy to art. even more important, this act is preceded by a fine act i where we meet the women before their decent into mutually enabled madness, and are offered hints how their isolated purgatory came about. in short, everything which the film is lacking.to the filmmakers' credit (or their successors), the excellent criterion dvd release includes out-takes and bonus material that partially redeem the main film - behind the scenes photographs, interviews and commentary - filling in some of the blank spots the original editing consciously decided to omit in its drive for unadulterated horror and depression. they can't make the amateurish film itself satisfying, but they can at least make it a bit more comprehensible. ultimately though, it is only the remarkable stage piece inspired by and drawn from it by book writer doug wright, composer scott frankel and lyricist michael korie which raises the rating of the original grey gardens above a single (generous) star.

somewhere inside this movie is a half-hour episode from the twilight zone trying to get out. whereas cube was taut, well-made, claustrophobic and mind-engaging, i'm afraid cypher is a bloated, tedious rehash of several well-worn themes which just don't add up to much, especially if you have seen almost any other half-way decent sci-fi film before.cypher manages to drag all the way through its relatively short 95 minutes right to the incompetent ending. none of the characters spark off each other, and for a film made in 2002 the technology is truly cheesy. it is difficult to connect this tired and uninspired movie with the director of cube. it's not a bad movie, but it is most definitely not a good one.when you've watched the grass grow and paint dry and are bored of your stick insects then by all means watch this film, but the other activities will probably prove more stimulating.

i watched this film recently on dvd and i have to say i wasn't impressed. i know it's taboo to knock independent films, but this one felt devoid of entertainment.the premise was interesting, but the execution of it fell short. i found myself thinking "okay, they're just getting into it, the story will pick up soon". before i knew it, the film was over and the story never picked up. i can't say i found the acting all that impressive either. it was pretty bad. not star wars prequel trilogy bad, but bad nonetheless.i'm not sure what the running time was, i'll assume two hours (because it's a safe estimate). anyway, when the film was finished, i felt as though i deserved some kind of recognition for the will power i exerted in not stopping the film and walking away halfway through.again, i was thoroughly unimpressed, and eventually bored out of my wits. i'm not one of those guys who requires fast-paced action and explosions in a film, so don't start in on me as that being a reason for not liking it.

the truth is that a film based on a harold robbins novel is not going to win any awards. this is no exception. "the lonely lady" is a pure b picture in budget, cast and execution. technically, it looks like a made-for-tv film. the acting is very uneven. joseph cali is especially terrible. anthony holland is an embarrassment. as one reviewer said of a certain katherine hepburn performance, her range goes from a to b. ms zedora manages to get to g. the rest of the cast is solid (and wasted in their respective roles). lloyd bochner and bibi besch deserved better. still, the whole thing can be a great deal of fun in a trashy sort of way. as befits robbins, everything revolves around sex and nudity. if you're looking for some fun...and you're not too sober...this could be for you.

wow! only a movie this ludicrously awful could inspire the similar "showgirls." i mean where to begin? the indescibably horrid theme song? pia zadora's non-expressions throughout the movie? the fact that despite being set in los angeles, aka "land of the casting couch" every single man (and woman!) is fawning all over themselves to sleep with pia zadora, by any contrived means necessary? or what about the fact that every person in the movie is totally unsympathetic because they're either mind-numbingly stupid (pia) or obvious despicable sleazeball (everyone else)? and given that this flick was written by actual "screenwriters (sorta), it shows a shocking lack of understanding of the movie-making industry (who the hell would admire and kiss up to a screenwriter?)but it's (unintentionally) funny as hell though. the "breakdown" scene alone will have you giggling, and after seeing the climatic "i'm not the only one who had to **** her way to the top" scene at the "awards" (all done in the usual bargain-basement acting level we expect from such quality thespians as pia), i sincerely hope that our dear pia actually reused that speech when she "won" her golden globe. it's fitting and that would totally make my day.anyway, if you're a fan of bad, tashy camp, give this otherwise tacky movie a try.

this is absolutely the worst trash i have ever seen. when i saw it in the theater (arghhh!), it took 15 full minutes before i realized that what i was seeing was the feature, not a sick joke!

the super sexy b movie actress has another bit part as future "goodfellas" star ray liotta's girlfriend in this box office bomb. she plays marion, has only one line of dialog, well, one word of dialog actually. she shouts out "joe!" as ray's character is violating poor pia zadora with a plastic garden hose sprinkler. this movie is so bad though it becomes funny, hilarious at times. the guys at mystery science theater 3000 would love this! check out the hysterical scene at the end where pia has a nervous breakdown and all the cheesy editing and effects they do to try and show how badly pia's character is freaking out. pia plays an aspiring hollywood screenwriter in this. pia zadora as a screenwriter? yeah, right. pia can barely talk, let alone write! pia is utterly and absolutely miscast in this dumb role. but who cares? the real star is the hot and fresh glory annen in her bit part in this cat's opinion! rock on glory!

the wonderful "z" channel in los angeles showed this pia zadora film about six months or so after "butterfly". i had such high hopes for the actress, and then she goes from bad to obviously worse in this film.again, it was the 80's and i gotta tell you harold robbin's work had been eclipsed by smarter writers. jacqueline susann ripped into him (she hated his way of writing women), irwin shaw's work caught on with many women, and of course sidney sheldon had his kingdom in the late 70's early 80's and then came jackie collins who made women stronger and as equal to men in every way in her books, even more so. which is why this work smelt. harold robbin's work in the 80's just didn't catch on with audiences. pia zadora acting in one of robbin's work was like throwing kerosine on a fire. the supporting cast was not a help either.oooooh... this was awful to look at then and even 20 more years later, it looks even worse. i had a hope for pia as an actress and it all got shot to heck when this was done. it would be tough for pia to redeem herself as an actress (although john waters casting her in "hairspray" was a spark) although she has a nice singing voice.hey, pia, wherever you are...hairspray may go on tour! join the show. you may be the biggest comeback story yet.i just hope they burn this film for ya if you do.

this film is a pia zadora special! when viewing it, i was reminded of the classic cartoon showing a hollywood starlet; in urgent need of another role but afraid of becoming typecast for 'b' movie or soft porn roles; who says at her casting session "well of course i do not normally do roles requiring nudity, but if it is artistically necessary for the film...............". this recollection brought up a very naughty image of a similar cartoon showing pia at such a session saying "well of course i do not normally take any roles requiring actual acting, but if it will really give me sufficient exposure to enhance my status as a sex symbol..................". this is probably grossly unfair, the rather sordid tale is the fault of harold robbins book; considering the nature of the story pia's exposures certainly do not receive undue attention, and perhaps pia (who once won an acting award in butterfly) is deliberately satirising her part rather than attempting to act in an almost unplayable role. critics usually point first to the actors as the problem whenever a film proves disappointing, but this is grossly unfair; the scriptwriters and director are far more often the guilty parties. the real problem with "the lonely lady" is that the screenplay, like the original book, looks for sensation rather than substance, and nothing can help with this. 	the screenplay for this film is abysmal, but whether the story could have been filmed more successfully with a better script, tauter directing and really competent acting must remain a matter of personal judgement. as it was released, my viewers rating for it would depend upon whether i am assessing my personal opinion, or assessing to what extent the film succeeds in providing what it aims at doing. my personal rating for it would be two out of ten; but to some extent this film probably provides exactly what its sponsors intended, and judged on this basis a quality rating of four out of ten would be reasonable. being in a charitable mood, and wanting to make it clear that i am not blaming pia for my disappointment, i will give an imdb rating of four.

if there was a scale below 1, it would get a -10, following in the footsteps of godspell. the acting (if there was such a thing) was atrocious, the plot in shambles. and rene russo was sickeningly sweet in her role, enough to make a person retch. ten thumbs down for a dumb movie. saving grace: kudos for era costuming.

curiously, it is rene russo's eyes and mouth--not buddy the gorilla's-- that emerge as the focal point of "buddy", a jim henson pictures production through francis ford coppola's zoetrope. somehow, countless close-ups of russo's face slipped passed in the post-production stages, and she literally fills the screen so many times the poor apes are upstaged. unintentionally funny true story adapted from gertrude "trudy" davies lint's memoirs about a wealthy doctor's wife who turns their mansion into a menagerie for pets and wild-life. the movie goes beyond good intentions...it positively drips with earnest sincerity. the movie never sparkles with the kind of "family film" magic that it needed, and before too long both the people and the animals seem distinctly programmed (nothing here feels real). about ten minutes in, two chimpanzees are goofing around in russo's kitchen and start throwing a butcher's knife back and forth (it misses alan cumming's head by inches); yet, no eyebrows are raised because it's all in a day's fun. still, when full-grown gorilla buddy gets crazy during a thunderstorm, the cops are called--and everyone stares at buddy through the window while he busts up the living room furniture. the furniture should be the least of anyone's worries in this flabbergasting, do-gooder failure. but, at least we know russo was in good hands: whenever director caroline thompson needs a good pick-up shot, she gives unstartled rene another extreme close-up. i wonder what the lipstick budget was on this picture? ** from ****

as a big fan of gorilla movies in general, i anticipated that this one would be great - and as for the gorilla effects, they were quite good, however - that is the only thing i can write about this flop. the film claims to be based on a true story but in effect, it does not even come close to what actually happened to "buddy" - who in real life, was the famous gargantua, sold to ringling bros. by our supposed "heroic" gertrude lintz, known by many animal enthusiasts as a woman who hardly had her animals' welfare in the best interest. as far as buddy being portrayed as becoming aggressive, this was total fiction and at no time did the gorilla, in real life, resort to such behavior. buddy did, in fact, escape his wooden crate (not a plush cage room as depicted in movie) during a storm, to seek shelter and comfort in the house, which frightened gertrude lintz into selling him. no, buddy was not released into a gorilla family surrounded by lush trees in a zoological paradise - he was abandoned in a wooden crate, deep in the back of a garage for some time with only a single light bulb for comfort and then sold to the circus - where he actually lived a better life having peanuts thrown at him until he died (historically the oldest living gorilla on record, by the way) before a show in miami. notice also, in the film, how buddy grows older but the chimpanzees never age. (the chimps, by the way, were not raised simultaneously with other animals, including buddy, as portrayed in the film)

autobiography of founder of zoo in nyc starts out by being very cute and would be great family movie if it stayed there. however we get more and more involved with reality as gorilla grows up to be a wild thing not easily amenable to his "mother's" wishes - this might scare younger children, esp. scenes where buddy tries to injure gertrude. rather quick resolution at the end. below average.

how can they from joe don baker (as bufford pusser in the first sequel) to bo svenson (as bufford pusser in the second sequel).why did they do that for.just because bo svenon look more a like to bufford pusser they still should'nt of changed it because the first sequel it was joe don baker as bufford pusser and that one of the thing i wanted to see in the second sequel.i would've given this movie a 7 out of 10 and i would've given it a 1 out of 10 if the story did'nt have anything to do with bufford pusser's life but it did and that why i had given this movie a 3 out 10.i strongly suggest that anyone who is planning on watching this cheese i suggest don't and watch the first sequel instead.

follow-up to 1973's "walking tall" continues the real-life drama surrounding tennessee sheriff buford pusser, but this installment plays like a lame tv-movie. bo svenson takes over the lead role from joe don baker, but he's much too mild for the part; he comes off like an ambling country singer with a bat instead of a guitar. good supporting actors like richard jaekel, luke askew and robert doqui end up with very little to do. i would give the film one-star strictly on its good intentions, but the screenplay is a transparent and lazy mass of routine predicaments and the production is cheapjack. followed in 1977 by "final chapter-walking tall" and in 1978 by the television film "a real american hero".

i was attracted to this movie when i looked at cast list, but after i watched it i must admit that i felt a bit disappointed. the main problem of this movie is that actors aren't capable of holding this movie on their back. why? because of bad script. although dillon, lane and jones try very hard to take this movie on another level, there is no innovative storytelling and the direction is too ordinary. so for matt dillon fans this is watchable movie, just like for admirers of beautiful diane lane. legendary tommy lee jones is always great but this is not movie for him; far below his level. so if you get hooked up by this great cast watch it but don't expect anything big or extraordinary. the only thing that you'll remember about this flick is diane lane scenes; rest of it is very forgettable.

william hurt scuba diving scientist??? us agents running the investigation abroad? the sick contaminated man kicking butt after falling 20 feet on his back and running away? sniper missing and not killing hurt (just wounding him) but the second "kill" shot is dead on ? waste of time. to compare this to falling down as other reviewers did is ridiculous. oh and by the end of the movie they decide to start wearing gloves on their hands except for the "evil" agent and hurt decides to kill him by giving him the "virus handshake". what? btw...when did imdb require 10 lines of text? i'm just babbling here. doesn't this just dillute the content of reviews if you are required to have x amount of lines?

note: i will reveal a key part of the plot, but if you've looked at the dvd cover or any promotional material, you'll already know it.this movie seems to have been written by an eleven-year-old who isn't very bright and was probably very tired when he wrote it. the writer doesn't know the difference between a chemical and an organism.forget the fact the the un and the nsa seem to be running the show in hungary. forget the fact that when these master intelligence agents go chasing after someone whose mere touch will kill you in about a minute they don't wear protective gear (not even gloves). these are quibbles in the context of this movie. in the scientific world within this story, 2+2=6.34 and gravity goes sideways.the fact is that the people in this movie do not (with a few exceptions) behave the way human beings behave. almost every time a character responds to something it is inappropriate. the love story (of course there is one) makes soap opera scripts seem like shakespeare.i can't believe we wasted a free movie rental on this thing.

really, everybody in this movie looks like they want to be someplace else! no wonder, the casting is done not with the left hand, but rather not at all. i haven't seen anything worse than natascha mcelhone impersonating some sort of agent, carrying a gun. you don't use a spoiled city-brat-look in such a role. the only worse thing i can imagine is casting doris day as a prostitute. the rest of the cast is likewise awful, possibly with hurt as the sole exception, sometimes you can see him trying, but suffering. oh, did i mention that it is a completely insane story? jeopardizing many peoples lives because you are divorced and want to see your family? well, it must be because the guy (weller) is german?2/10, because the photography could be worse.

susan swift is an appealing youngster, a flower child transplanted to the 1980's (like a young susan dey), but she doesn't quite have the vocal range for a demanding dramatic lead and she tends to whine; still, she's rather sweet and has bright eyes and a pretty smile. in "the coming" (as it was called when briefly released to theaters), swift may be the reincarnation of a salem witch. the flick is very low-budget and borrows from so many other pictures that i gave up on it with about 15 minutes to go. it starts out strong and has some camp appeal. obviously, there are more serious films that deal with the salem witch trials that deserve to be seen over this one; however, as junk movies go, it isn't too terrible. the boston locales are a definite plus, and the supporting cast is amusingly hammy. *1/2 from ****

time travel is a fun concept, and this film gives it a different slant. i got a kick out of captain billingham, one of the more down-to-earth characters, who was just not having a good day. ordinarily, i don't choose to watch horror films, but this is an exception. good story, excellent acting.

i honestly had no idea that the notorious b.i.g. (bert i. gordon the director; not the murdered rapper) was still active in the 80's! i always presumed the deliciously inept "empire of the ants" stood as his last masterful accomplishment in the horror genre, but that was before my dirty little hands stumbled upon an ancient and dusty vhs copy of "the coming", a totally obscure and unheard of witchery-movie that actually turned out a more or less pleasant surprise! what starts out as a seemingly atmospheric tale of late dark ages soon takes a silly turn when a villager of year 1692 inexplicably becomes transferred to present day salum, massachusetts and promptly attacks a girl in the history museum. for you see, this particular girl is the reincarnation of ann putman who was a bona fide evil girl in 1692 and falsely accused over twenty people of practicing witchcraft which led to their executions at the state. the man who attacked loreen lost his wife and daughter this and wants his overdue revenge. but poor and three centuries older loreen is just an innocent schoolgirl, … or is she? "burned at the stake" unfolds like a mixture between "the exorcist" and "witchfinder general" with a tad bit of "the time machine" thrown in for good measure. way to go, bert! the plot becomes sillier and more senseless with every new twist but at least it never transcends into complete boredom, like too often the case in other contemporary witchcraft movies like "the dunwich horror" and "the devonsville terror". the film jumps back and forth between the events in present day and flashbacks of 1692; which keeps it rather amusing and fast-paced. the ann putman girl is quite a fascinating character, reminiscent of the abigail williams character in the more commonly known stage play "the crucible" (also depicted by winona ryder in the 1996 motion picture). there are a couple of cool death sequences, like the teacher in the graveyard or the journalist in the library, that are committed by the ghost of malignant reverend who made a pact with ann putman and perhaps even the devil himself. the film gets pretty spastic and completely absurd near the end, but overall there's some good cheesy fun to be had. plus, the least you can say about bert i. gordon is that he definitely build up some directorial competences over the years.

this is a japanese film but there is quite a bit of english also spoken in here. it's a pretty film, with nice visuals, featuring the scenic beauty of hawaii.however, that was the only redeeming quality for me. the story was generally boring. who wants to watch a young woman sulk for 90 percent of the film because her "picture" husband is a lot older than he advertised he was? granted, that could be a bummer......but get over it!only in the last 10 minutes does she do an about-face and become fond of him. by then, for most viewers, it was too little-too late. we'd fallen asleep by then.

i remember a certain tuesday, the morning of 18/6/02 to be exact. i was dozed off, trying to convince myself to get out of bed when a horrific explosion was heard. i went to the kitchen where i have a view of several neighborhoods in the southern jerusalem and saw a pillar of smoke rising from a distant point, the sight of the smoke was followed a minute later by the waling of sirens. i remember rushing to my bedroom, taking out my binoculars, racing back to the kitchen and spotting the image of a glass shattered bus. the bus was still near the pick up station where a terrorist boarded on it and with a single click on a tnt device, murdered 25 passengers, many of whom were on their way to school. the wife of a good friend of mine, sat on the bus at the back row, a seemingly arbitrary and meaningless decision that saved her life.i'm sure that every israeli has at least one terror-related memory he wishes he never would have had and it was only a matter of time before someone made a film about it. as it turned out, the movie was about to become a repressed memory of its own.the film is about a play-write on a dry run, haim buzaglo (portrayed by, hmmm, haim buzaglo who also wrote and directed the film) that spends the better part of his day conducting staring contests with his blank word processor page. in the meantime, his girlfriend, a field reporter for the israeli commercial channel, decides to make a piece about a debt ridden ex-army officer. buzaglo, bored and a bit paranoid due what is medically known as the "what on earth this hot babe is dating me" syndrome, asks a private eye to conduct a stakeout on his girlfriend.as the detective progresses in his investigation, his observations are permeating into the play and later on, to the lives of its actors. in the meantime, the play metamorphoses from a comic play into an indictment against the aloofness of the israeli society. as for the movie, well, the movie becomes an exercise in frenzy editing, ensconced in its petty cardboard characters and unreliable dialogs while drifting miles away from the subject it was supposed to deal with in the first place.when i say "cardboard characters" i refer to the characters that under the writer/director's obsession for a "meaningful" film, were devoid of any genuine dialogs and any shred of reliability. i won't elaborate too much about it. suffice to say that i'm sure that homeless barefoot male prostitutes rarely go the theater. with the intention to see a play, that is.this movie, according to haim buzaglo himself is the first part of a current agenda trilogy. i sincerely hope that the other two films will be derived from the experiences like the one i wrote about in the beginning of my review as opposed to the secluded world of characters that are anything but existent and a plot that is anything but compelling.4 out of 10 in my filmometer.p.s. this movie was a landmark in austerity. it was shot in ten days, all the cast worked for free and the entire cost of the film was about 12,000$ (no, i didn't omit a zero or two, twelve thousand dollars). makes you wonder why it took 34,000$ to complete blair witch project.

my goodness is this movie bad. i was totally misled by my local movie review because this is certifiable garbage. yeah, yeah, good guys wear white, bad guys wear black....and the good guys always win. now go home and hug your kids, and feel how good hollywood has made you feel. blech! i can't believe this brain dead movie was made by wes craven. i'm guessing he needed a little money to pay the mortgage, so he made this piece of dung. it is the sort of production that makes anyone who watches movies regularly believe they could do as good or better than such an experienced director.ya see, a bad guy wants a sweet girl who loves her daddy to do a wittle il' bad thing or he's gonna hurt her daddy. but being ms. all-american girl next door, we know she's gonna save the day and beat the bad guys...the end. girl power rocks.c'mon now, only an idiot would find this entertaining..."a roller coaster ride," let alone something fresh or new. all those "super-duper" reviews you see on this site are from industry hacks who are either making money off this flick, paying back a favor, or they have sold their souls to the devil.rachael mcadams is beautiful....yup, that's it. not a good performance, not a horrible one...she's just cute. she would have had to show a whole lot of skin to save this movie. she isn't tough enough to be a good female action lead.cillian murphy was at least passable in 28 days. but here he plays a dumb villain pretending to be a smart one. he gets his ass kicked to and fro by the 5'5'' mcadams, because after all, she was a cheerleader...and a field hockey player...and i'm sure she owns all the tae bo tapes...so she should be able to kick the crap out of an international terrorist for hire. i wouldn't trust him to steal a pack of gum from 7-11.ya see, this movie was done before, except before they did it well. go re-rent any of the die hard movies. you have loved ones in danger, international terrorists, except the characters are more likable and believable and the bad guys are way more competent and interesting. i simply don't understand how hollywood can continue to make such crap as if they were oblivious to the proper models they can readily copy. no wonder movie revenues are down.throw your $6 down the toilet and save yourself 2 hours of your life you'll never get back.ciao, freddyshoop

i've seen thousands of movies and have never written a review, but the red eye i witnessed is so at odds with the glowing tributes posted here that i'm compelled to offer my two cents in protest- and vote the lowest score possible just to bring the average closer to reality. this is a dull, boring stinker of a film that is memorable only for its apologist depictions of the terrorists' target (a john bolton-esquire bully diplomat who's really a great guy, don't you know) and of the oh-so-handsome and popular dr. phil (whose bestselling book, one learns, is read by frequent fliers worldwide). the only real red eye i experienced was from rubbing my eyes in disbelief.before you fork out $10 or so dollars for this b movie, read the selected 'quotes (from trailer)' above, and ask yourself if you'll really enjoy a movie in which these were the cleverest lines to be found. unfortunately, nothing else in this film is any better. the basic premise is goofy as hell; the acting is bland and uninspired, completely lacking in pro/antagonist chemistry; the potential for suspense is thwarted at every turn- except during the last five minutes- by poor directing and anticipatory editing; the script is riddled with incongruities like: early reveals of the heroine as a university lacrosse star are called into question when she later battles the antagonist with a field hockey stick; and the plot holes are wider than first class (while character development is strictly coach).and then there are the moments of extreme ridiculousness, like when the daughter of a high level public servant does not head straight for airport security, at her first opportunity, to warn them of an assassination plot against the both the head of homeland security and her father. or when that same woman runs hell-bent-for-leather along slick airport linoleum, arms pistoning and veins in her neck bulging, while wearing 4 inch stiletto heels. or when her pursuer chases likewise with a sucking wound in his trachea. or when terrorists use a fishing pole to bring up their weapon from the freaking harbor bottom. i'm always willing to suspend disbelief, but i'm not going to leap from 30,00 feet without a parachute.the one good thing i can say of this movie is that it portrays women who are capable (even in bimbo form) of handling the most extreme emergencies- the kind of gender imaging sorely lacking in american movies. other than that, this movie never really takes off, and is no more thrilling than the red eye flight from boston to ny. remember the last time you got suckered by deceptive trailers and glowing tributes- in this forum or elsewhere? this is one of those times. wait for the red eye video, and don't watch it then, either.

wes craven, you are having a laugh... at our expense. the red eye plot is preposterous... we are confronted by a guy who has apparently spent 8 weeks watching a girl, who then turns up at an airport behind her, flirts and chats her up successfully, somehow wangles a seat next to her in a two seat space, not trapped in the middle of a five seat row (contacts at check-in?) and is cheezily nice during a painfully slooooow build up. then, once up in the air, in a confined space, surrounded by strangers, he immediately starts threatening the vacuous, if super-efficient, rachel mcadams and saying tosh like 'we got ya daddy, do what i say, or poppa gets it'. well, forgive me, but didn't they already have her daddy ready for slaughter-so-you-better-oughta long before she stepped on the plane and therefore wouldn't it have been oh, sooooooo much simpler to simply snatch the gal off the street and terrorise her in a room somewhere, forgetting the complicated and insecure dad plot, pulling her nails out or whatever until she made the all important 'call' required? or even - cos this is the movies and we need a few unreal twists - keep the dumb dad-in-distress thing intact if you must, but dress it up better so that holding him in harms way until the convoluted plot had been concluded made some sense, without the plane dumbdown? alternatively, without wanting to sound like an actual thinking terrorist/assassin - couldn't the massive bazooka-missile thang employed have been far more easily used on, say, a car driving down the highway, with the politician inside, rather than the 50th story of a miami seafront hotel, from a fishing boat (mind you, as we already know, security in miami is lax, so they'll speed away)? i know, i know, far more fun to go through watching a pretty girl for 8 weeks, burgle her dads house to steal his wallet (that somehow - star trek style - gets transported from miami to texas instantly) in order to - perhaps - get her to arrange for a politician to change hotel room and, and, and... well, a thousand things could go wrong here, each one entirely destroying the big plan, so why not slim the elements down to a sensible handful, such as - 1. bazooka. 2. car. 3. boom! my 50 minute drive home from the cinema was spent highlighting the abundance of flaws and stupid cod-hitchcockian twists, which sadly was the best fun of the whole sorry experience. and as for security back at miami airport... we have an apparently crazy and violent girl running off a plane, chased by cops, who during the chase sits down to have a coffee, moves elsewhere to read a magazine at a bar, then runs again like crazy up and down the whole terminal... by now also chased by crazed cillian murphy (no cctv then? - i had guns pulled on me for parking in the wrong place for 10 seconds at miami airport a couple of years back). so instead of speaking to the cops - her allies - or getting on the blower at a call-box direct to her dad to warn him his life is in danger, mcadams prefers instead to steal a people carrier off a family in the airport forecourt (call the damned security...) and drives home to daddy, mowing down the assassin with the vehicle in the front garden of the house, in a rich neighbourhood-watch district, crushing the front porch in the process - an act which actually slightly wakes dad up from an afternoon snooze, after about a minute, yet which somehow fails to register with neighbours who aren't even mildly curious, thus ensuring 15 more minutes of hide and seek shenanigans as the duo run around the vast hollodeck type house... dohhh, it actually hurts to keep thinking about it all - cillian (surely renamed silly 'un for doing this one?) preposterously turns from ice assassin to comically unhinged (and inept) lunatic killer at the end, this theoretically ruthless despatcher of human life now allowing the dad to live so that he can watch his daughter getting her goose cooked. i'd better stop, because the stream of drivel i'm writing here must sound as uncoordinated as the red eye script. if ms mcadams hadn't been allowed to get on the plane in the first place the title could have been altered, from 'red eye' to 'no eye, dear'. rr

they sell it as a horror movie, it's supposed to be a thriller, but i found it pretty funny (comedy?, don't think so), i laughed the whole movie i think it was because of the ridiculous acting and plot. i don't blame the actors, i think they were not very good, but o.k. i think cillian is a very good "bad guy" i loved his acting in batman beggins, and rachel mcadams.. whoa! she's a beauty, and a good actress as well, but let's try to be a little objective here, the story mm mm... the direction mm mm... it lacks a lot of good suspense in fact is a really boring movie, but there's one good thing tho, it's a short movie, only 1 hour and 30 minutes (for me it was like 10 minutes under the water!!!)i just don't know why this movie is rated so high, and in rotten tomatoes, even higher, what's wrong with good, rational and objective criticism?

the main reasons to see "red eye" are rachel mcadams, who delivers a stellar performance, and jayma mays, who is wonderful as the assistant hotel manager. on the other hand, cillian murphy overacts so badly that he becomes cartoonish. the rest of the movie is riddled with plot holes, on which i will elaborate.please do not read further if you don't want to know what happens!here is a synopsis of the plot. rachel mcadams's character (lisa) manages a hotel where the new hard-nosed homeland security director plans to stay that night. rachel is returning to miami from a funeral, but fielding calls from her assistant up until the plane leaves. in the meantime, someone is stationed outside the house of her father, joe (played by brian cox), ready to kill him if cillian murphy (jackson) calls. all lisa has to do is phone the hotel and move the director's suite to one where jackson's cohorts are planning to fire a guided missile (from a fishing boat) to kill the director and his family.so, here are some of the plot holes or absurd coincidences:1. jackson finally convinces lisa to make the call, and in the middle, the phones in the plane lose their connection. lisa tries to fake that she is making the call, but coincidentally, a guy across the aisle from jackson is also making a call and starts banging his phone to indicate it is dead. jackson catches on and grabs the phone from lisa.2. at one point, jackson head-butts lisa and she, of course, gets knocked out...but only for 30 minutes.3. jackson catches lisa writing a note on the mirror in the (extraordinarily large) lavatory, and he bangs her around a bit. miraculously, the only one who hears anything is an 11-year-old girl, whose word, of course, is discounted.4. lisa stabs jackson with a pen in the throat as the plane is landing, steals his cell phone, and makes a mad dash for the exit, fitting down the aisle between the seats and 18 rows of standing passengers. despite knowing there is a passenger with a pen stuck in his throat, the flight attendants oblige lisa by opening the door to the jet-way.5. ok, all those are reasonable (if not highly unlikely). but here's where it gets really stupid. lisa gets into the terminal at miami airport, and there is no cell phone signal (every major airport in america has great cell phone reception).6. she runs through the airport with jackson in hot pursuit, and no security officers even delay them.7. jackson, who lost lisa in the airport while the train from the gates pulled away to the terminal, has lost some of his voice from the pen in his throat, but he can still be somewhat understood. however, he doesn't bother to call his man outside of joe's house. (ps: there is no train at miami airport, but the one they showed looked an awful lot like the orlando airport).8. lisa steals a car and rides away. of course this time, when she goes to make a call, the cell phone says "low battery" and soon shuts off (when will they stop using this inane plot device?).9. while the phone still said "low battery," lisa had reached her assistant just in time to save the director and his family from the guided missile launched by the fishing boat to the window of the room on the 40th floor to which the director had been moved. of course, they expect us not to notice that the hotel is surrounded on 3 sides by ocean, so the missile could have probably been launched at the first suite, thereby negating the need for the whole lisa-jackson plot. what's the story here? was the director's original room on the 38th floor one of the only rooms in the hotel with a lousy view? nevertheless, everyone gets out just before the missile hits.10. lisa drives to joe's house to save her father only to see the killer outside. although she runs him over (as he is shooting at her) by crashing her jeep into the house, no one in the neighborhood seems to notice or bother to stop by.11. jackson arrives at joe's house and knocks him out (we don't see how...maybe another head butt). he then explains to lisa that he didn't kill dad yet because he wanted dad to see lisa die first (give me a break. what is this? saturday morning cartoons?).12. for the rest of the movie (about 20 minutes), jackson chases lisa around the house, and she resourcefully fights him off. of course a real killer (i.e. one maybe played by jason statham) would have done away with lisa (or for that matter anyone who is not a trained killer) in the first 30 seconds. during the course of this chase, jackson steps over joe at least once without bothering to kill him.13. finally, jackson prevails, and he is about to kill lisa when (you guessed it) he is shot by joe.so, here's my suggestion...tell wes craven to stick to horror. or maybe he should get together with michael bay (who directed the equally stupid "the island") and make "red island."

i am surprised that everyone (even the critics) seems to think this was a good movie. it was the most clichéd thriller ever made that i have seen. we have the 'bad guy' who wants to force the 'good guy' (or girls in this case) to do something or face the consequence. the 'good girl' in this movie must use her smarts and skills to defeat the 'bad guy' and save the day and her loved ones. using charisma, bravery, and even luck to save the day. where to begin? well, a young woman by the name of lisa reisert meets a young man by the name of jackson rippner (nice name) at an airport. one coincidence leads to another and soon it seems as if fate is bringing these two together. sharing drinks, sitting next to each other, seemingly getting along in every way... is there more to this strangeness? could these two be meant for each other? does 'fate' have a reason for their strange and random encounter? well, as it turns out, unfortunately yes. jackson needs to lisa to help him assassinate the director of homeland security by moving him from one room to another so that his men can launch an attack on him. oh, if she doesn't do this then her father is dead. though we never learn the exact reasons why and who is really behind this madness, jackson more then explains how this is going to happen and why its in lisa's best interest to help him.of course, lisa defeats his evil plans with her smarts and in the process stabs him in the neck, makes him trip over chairs, and hitting him with a field hockey stick. oh, and before that, she leads him on wild chase through miami airport where she gets passed post 9 11 security and steals a car that she later uses to run over the man who was ordered to kill her father. yeah, right.first of all, i find it strange that a man like jackson who can get his hands on high tech weaponry needs the help of a hotel manager. couldn't he just sneak a bomb into the building? wouldn't that make it safer for him and his team by leaving out any third parties? and why do characters like jackson also explain everything they are going to do to someone they are threatening? doesn't that make it easier to stop them by the same people? the actors did their best considering the movie they were given. racheal mcadams and cillian murphy are still actors to look out for. also, i believe that jayma mays (who played the 'loveable' cynthia) will be someone we will see more of. it's just too bad they all were stuck with this.2 out of 10

it's not just that this is a bad movie; it's not only that four of the "best" mexican movie makers are in this film; and it's not only that the script is terrible. it's just that...this movie sucks...big time. this people are wasting money in terrible scripts. it's supposed to make a criticism about mexican society but we're fed up with this kind of films. is bad language supposed to be funny? i don't get it. mexican cinema is in big trouble if this kind of movies are going to continue playing (and being written and produced).please, don't think this kind of movies are well received in mexico: we hate them and they don't reflect us.

as usual, i went to watch this movie for a.r.rahman. otherwise, the film is no good. rajni wanted to end his movie career with this film is it would be successful. but fortunately or unfortunately the film was a failure. after this he delivered a hit with chandramukhi. i am eagerly waiting for his forth coming shivaji.i have read the other user's comment on rajni. i found it interesting as the user is from tn too. rajni is one actor who acts, i think, from his heart not from his mind. he is not a method actor like kamal hasan. i think we need to appreciate rajni for his strong going at his age.any ways, i need to fill 10 lines for this comment... so wish u good luck rajni...........

the main aspect about the superstar's movies at his later stages were the frequency, the lacuna between one movie and the next. being a well established star of the south indian cinema, the feedbacks he was receiving before baba was great. since nattukku oru nallavan (1991), the number of movies he acted in tamil as a mass hero in 11 years were only 11 exactly at the rate of 1 per year. all of these were a great hit. he was having a image that many thought could not be easily brought down. but after padayappa (1999), he went into a state of hibernation. his fans all over the world, especially in south india were ready to see movie of any kind with their superstar in action. so, the tamil cinema industry decided to come with baba. the movie makers thought that the fans will take whatever they show with superstar in it. but this clearly did not work out in this movie. as usual, the hype from the media and the expectation from the fans were way beyond limit. rajinikanth's image was totally damaged. the fans went nuts. the movie's collection did not meet the expected level. reputation of great people went down. the only positive aspect about this movie was the songs by a.r.rehman. rehman is known to have composed good music for some worst movies like tajmahal, kadal virus, alli arjuna, paarthale paravasam, star, en swasa katre, vandicholai chinnarasu etc. well, i never thought that this movie would join that league.you'l feel very much depressed not because the movie was bad, it'l be because of the superstar's image going down. it took him five full years to regain it fully back with two movies chandramukhi and sivaji and give fans back what they really look for in a superstar film.

baba - rajinikanth will never forget this name in his life. this is the movie which caused his downfall. it was released with much hype but crashed badly and laid to severe financial losses for its producers and distributors. rajinikanth had to personally repay them for the losses incurred. soon after its release, he tried venturing into politics but failed miserably. its a very bad movie with horrible acting, bad-quality makeup and pathetic screenplay. throughout the movie, rajinikanth looks like a person suffering from some disease. i'm one of the unfortunate souls who saw baba, first day first show in theatre. the audiences were so bored that most of them left the theatre before the intermission. sorry, i'll not recommend this one to anyone.

i am not a big fan of rajnikant in the first place, but baba was a huge disappointment. in between an awful storyline, the action and songs were only mediocre. the storyline becomes very preachy. instead of running for office like ntr or mgr, rajni almost appeared to be running as tamil nadu's next big guru. my wife tells me that since this film came out, rajni swore off doing any more movies!we were lucky initially to have bought babu (an oldie by sivajiganeshan) online by accident when trying to buy this one....that was a great film, which made up for having bought this dud...except it makes baba look even worse by comparison!bryan

rajinikanth becomes born again after getting a magical power which he can use seven times.there are several problems with this movie that are obvious to the casual audience: the 50ish rajinikanth is still at home with his parents; the father of the girl next door thinks that he is a compelling "boy" ('vaseekaramaana paiyan'); rajinikanth suddenly interrupts the movie with his sermons, the worst being how women of yesteryears got their exercise through household work--yet we are to believe that he is not a theist; even though he was well read, he wastes six of his seven powers on a stupid kite; i can go on, but you get the picture.there are god-men, there are gods, and there is rajinikanth. the directory has difficulty fitting rajinikanth into one of these categories. initially, rajinikanth is just rajinikanth doing what tamil heroes do--stand up to villains and, in spite of being the oldest, getting courted by the prettiest girl in the movie. rajinikanth does this well and some of rajinikanth's trademark styles are actually enjoyable--"baba count" is a novelty. what makes this movie unbearable is that those few initial minutes are just a preface to an worst book to be ever written. even that preface is punctuated with some comedy which are forced and obvious.the director doesn't explain the purpose of the hero; we see that the hero is facing several hurdles (from politicians, as usual) but we can't really root for the hero because we don't know what the hero's ultimate goal is. at the end, when everyone wants him to be the leader, the hero gives another one of his sermons and walks away to become a hermit. the director offers no solution to the problem in the climax scene.a. r. rehman's score is really interesting. either he shows patches of brilliance or he didn't bother to invest himself fully into this movie--who can blame him. there is one scene where rajinikanth steps into the van of one of the crooks and then throws the knife and starts his baba count. the music is very apt for the moment and acts as a catalyst adding further tension. the songs are all mediocre, no one would bother with the songs from this movie after a few years.unfortunately, 1 is the lowest rank you can assign in imdb. this movie has all the elements that justify its rightful place at the nether of imdb's ranking.

movie goers - avoid watching this movie. if you are faint hearted, you might want to commit suicide. if you are a short tempered, you would want to kill the lead performer of the movie.though he does not have any talent in acting, he is the mass hero for all the rickshaw pullers,auto rickshaw drivers, rowdies, thugs and immature and ignorant literates.he proves - you do not need neither talent nor knowledge to be successfully.he is the highest paid actor in india. that shows the taste of movie going public in india. 90% of movie goers in tamil nadu are definitely attracted to his kind of nonsense movies.

this is without doubt rajnikanth's worst movies ever. the first part is held in place with solid comedy from goundamani but it progressively gets worse and worse and completely illogical. our hero also takes a dig at saints with the same name (baba) through a corny and utterly lame one-liner. the first half has rajni uttering his usual array of oneliners and style and in the second half, becomes a quasi saint after a beggar takes him through a interdimensional portal to the himalayas where babaji (not the famous saints he took a dig at earlier) gives him special powers for no apparent reason (other than karma). this is really starting to get interesting now isn't it? the rest of the movie is about him wasting his magic boons and powers and fighting off politicians and related black magic. the usual predictable crap with hilarious implementation. oh and the black magic never worked on our hero because he just happened to have a param vir...er....shakti chakra with him. the bad guys and the usual politician villains are clichéd, overworked and in the end, completely insignificant to the plot which itself doesn't go anywhere.but despite all the flaws, it was fun to kill time with and yell baba related one-liners during public events. its also fun to watch others curse about this movie. ar rehman is said to have composed the tracks for his movie through the cell phone. thats how important he considered it.rajni is very popular in japan and he has included two characters (one of them is called keiko...why not samsung?) of japanese origin in this movie just for the sake of it. but the way they are portrayed, dressed and treated is absolutely pathetic. the japanese may stop watching rajni movies after seeing that. this movie was probably promotional material for rajni entering politics but the results of the movie itself would have killed off any of his political dreams.fun if you turn your brain off though.

not the best of actors' movies.the director has concentrated on projected actor's stardom rather than giving a good entertainer. may be hero himself, his family and his sincere fans can enjoy it.but definitely it's not worth for neutral audience.the fight sequences are a total comedy.the dance moves in the song sequences are pathetic. the music is average.this film was the biggest flop for the actor. inspite of the hype created over the movie, the movie failed miserably. don't even think of watching this move even if you want to kill time. you can watch some cartoon instead.a good movie buff cannot digest this crap for 2 1/2 hours.

normally i would have given this movie a 6. it tackles a very important topic and it does it relatively well - despite katie wright which is an accomplishment in and of itself.i have no idea if she was actually instructed to play the character like this or is naturally irritating, but she did an awesome job at making it impossible for me to care for lexi. there's no dimension to her other than how confused, helpless and clueless she is, and how good she is at whimpering. i can understand how a young girl who blames herself for the loss of her friend and whose eating disorder has spiraled out of control would be distraught, scared and in pain. however, wright's entire performance is based on incessant wailing and sniveling, the rest being whining. i couldn't help but feel this particular girl's problem was caused not by the demon that is bulimia, but by her not having a backbone. i very much doubt that's the point the movie meant to make.

stereotyped, derivative, unoriginal and boring western. the two popular stars (charlton heston and james coburn) both give performances that are far from their best, and justifiably so; they both have superficial roles and character traits stated mainly by dialogue. heston is a sheriff who "liked the world better as it used to be before" and coburn is an outlaw who "owes something to the man who locked him up and has to pay his debt". additionally, heston is so old that he has trouble riding a horse and coburn is mean and tough but not as cold-blooded a killer as some of the minor villains. apparently, the filmmakers couldn't come up with even one original idea about how to make this movie somewhat distinguished. (*1/2)

by 1976 the western was an exhausted genre and the makers of this film clearly knew it. still, instead of shelving the project and saving us from having to watch it, they went ahead and made it anyway. apparently in need of an interesting thread to get the audiences to come and see the film, they decided to make it as blatantly violent and unpleasant as possible. hell, it worked for the wild bunch so why shouldn't it work here? of course, the wild bunch had the benefit of a superb script but the script of the last hard men is plain old-fashioned rubbish. it's hard to figure out what attracted charlton heston and james coburn to their respective roles. heston plays a retired lawman who goes after an escaped bunch of convicts led by a violent outlaw (coburn). the hunt becomes even more personal when heston's daughter (barbara hershey) is kidnapped by the convicts and subjected to sexual degradation. this is a bloodthirsty film indeed in which every time someone dies it is displayed in over-the-top detail. it's tremendously disappointing really, because the star pairing sounds like a mouth-watering prospect. there's no sense of pace or urgency in the film either. it takes an eternity to get going, but when the action finally does come it is marred by the emphasis on nastiness. all in all, this might be the very worst film that heston ever made. i'm sure it's one of the productions he is loathe to include on his illustrious cv.

incarcerated train robber near yuma breaks free his chain-gang and heads for the retired sheriff responsible for killing his wife (as well as a hidden stash of gold which remains hidden thanks to the screenwriter). attempt to bring the western genre up-to-date with 1970s-style violence and brutality isn't even in the same league as some of the new-fangled westerns which came out of the late-'60s. it is impossibly simple and square, with the female characters merely around as punching-bags and possible rape victims. as the former sheriff back in command, charlton heston gives one of his laziest, least-inspired performances ever (he has one good moment, attempting to read a letter and fumbling for his glasses). james coburn, as the half-mad half-breed, is pretty much on auto-pilot as well, but coburn has a way of turning even the hoariest dialogue and situations into something prickly and unnerving. it's his show all the way. *1/2 from ****

i don't know why i'm taking the time to review this waste-of-time movie. if you stick with it long enough in hopes of a satisfying conclusion – good, bad, or surprising – don't. it finally fizzles out after stiff, formulaic, predictable dialogue and acting. indoor scenes are so harshly lit you think if the camera were zoomed out one millimeter further you'd see the klieg lights. costumes, hair-do's, and sets are starched, pressed, and immaculate. are we supposed to imagine common people really lived like that in early 20th-century arizona? other reviews' comparisons to sam peckinpah are an insult to peckinpah: at least that director wove his violence into the context of chaos and mayhem. hard men's gore is gratuitous exploding squibs from wooden impersonations of bad guys with manicured fingernails. huh?!? i can believe heston thought he might have been making something of worth with this film. (he does get to clutch his gun in his cold fingers.) but coburn? i'll never guess why he signed up for this travesty. want to see a movie about the end of the west as we knew it, the end of westerns as we knew them? watch the shootist or unforgiven again. the last hard men is a mockery of an obituary to the western.

oh-so-familiar comedy story about low-key nice-guy paul (jason lee), who after the night of his bachelor party, wakes up in bed with becky (julia stiles), an attractive blonde he met just the night before. after lying about it to his fiancée karen (selma blair), he's forced to tell more and more lies to cover his tracks.i'm sure most of us have been witness to a story like this at least once before...on film or on tv. the movie is formulaic and extremely predictable, with an ending you may see coming a mile away.at least the cast provides some interest and keeps it watchable. lee is just right in the lead, and stiles is a lot of fun in a light-hearted comedic role different from the very serious roles she usually plays. becky is a free spirit who seems to change jobs as often as other people change their clothes.but you know, this isn't exactly well-written. at least one question is left unanswered: for what, exactly, is ray (lochlyn munro), becky's brutal ex-boyfriend, being investigated by the i.a.?and i didn't like the character of buck (david koechner), paul's stepfather; he's a super-obnoxious moron who got on my nerves so quickly i was begging for somebody to punch him.add another debit: a gratuitous, uncredited cameo by comic/actor larry miller, once again playing a grouch (in this case, it's a little justified - his character is an ultra-conservative minister).not good at all, but as usual for me, i give it a three out of ten based on the efforts of the cast alone.

if you are studying welles and want to see just how far he fell after citizen kane, this film will prove it. the cheap excuse of making the protagonist a self-admitted dummy to explain how he might fall into such a half-baked scheme fails to explain the absurd courtroom theatrics and ridiculous plot twists that eventually ensue. don't be taken in by the high rating of this film in the db as i was; all i can guess is that there are a lot of die hard old welles and hayworth fans out there.

this is the 2nd time i've seen this movie in about 12 years. these remarks come from someone who finds kane and ambersons to be amazing, worthy films. but the remainder of welles career is, unfortunately, squandered on material unworthy of his talent and too flimsy to withstand his filmic embroidering. and when he makes a potboiler like shanghai, the lack of anything substantial to hang his filmic tricks on, is just kind of sad. i couldn't tell you what he was exploring here. it's all as mannered as welle's godawful irish brogue; which takes a lot of effort, but adds absolutely zero to the film. several welles projects became this overdeveloped and baroque. mr arkadin (pick a version, any version) is a similarly belabored project. the material is inconsequential. it just can't bear the weight of all this noodling. for a director trafficking in reality-based drama (as here), he never feels any pull to tie his bundle of conceits back to reality; or to a coherent story. the murder-for-hire scheme is ridiculous. kudos to welles though, for having hayworth cut her hair, and getting that performance out of her. the camera loves her. she's the classiest, most upscale, sultry and ravishing femme fatale ever put on film. but her treachery comes so late in the film it feels like some desperate decision, made so the movie will have some genre it fits into. the movie can't be saved by a noir convention deployed in the last 60 seconds.when all is said and done in l.f.s., the convolutions are all for what?; to convince you you've seen something thoughtful? to give welles more to do? to make you roll your eyes? welles has no sensitivity to the scale of a story, or to telling a story directly. one wonders what shanghai has to say to anyone who isn't a crippled billionaire, arranging a quadruple-cross murder-for-hire scheme, or a fanboy in love with filmic conceits devoid of meaning or substance. overwrought, preposterous, unengaging.

underneath the dense green glop of computer graphics there gleamed the astounding art and skill of ichikawa somegoro. alas: it got lost in all the goo. the scenes of old edo -- with the courtesan, drifting on the sumida, rehearsing and acting in the nakamura-za -- were all exciting and engaging, taking you back to an interesting and rich era. the action on the kabuki stage, in which somegoro excels and excites, was more enriching than any of the absurd high jinks that followed. the skill, the energy in the audience, the colors of the sets, were far more satisfying than all the nonsense that took over plot and performance. what a wasted opportunity! one of the best kabuki actors alive, and he gets lost in the dreck.

i try to be very objective when i view a low budget movie. i also apply a lower weight to independent and low budget productions versus the big budget productions. i expect near flawlessness from big budget productions and their studios. therefore i apply tougher criteria to the major studio releases. but this movie was just a dud. period. the premise was terrible. the main character, mary gordano (alicia silverstone), was unbelievable as a high school senior with an unquenchable desire to solve crimes. there was not enough depth in her character or her acting that pulled you into her world. also, to make this movie more mysterious, the lighting in certain scenes did not set the mood, especially in the warehouse.once again another disappointing movie that i could only give three points to.

the movie never becomes intolerable to watch. and to tell it straight, it has nothing to show either, except maybe part-sexy alicia silverstone in a nerdy non-sexy character in revealing quite-sexy dresses. the story is very easy to follow or there's nothing to follow -- you can see in either way. there is no suspense, little action, unimpressive dialogs, unsatisfactory sensuality, same boring locations and very bland acting. kevin dillon is totally worthless. silverstone... well, i didn't concentrate too much on her acting, i confess. yet as i said earlier, if one has nothing to do except watching a movie, this won't look so bad. 4/10

alicia silverstone (pre-"clueless") plays a modern-day crime-obsessed teenager attempting to solve the brutal slaying of a local girl. pat verducci wrote and directed this b-flick, which isn't especially well-made but is however surprisingly serious-minded in regards to its leading character. silverstone is appealing and successful in carving out an interesting young woman here, despite the picture's kitschy undermining. the supporting cast (including kevin dillon and michael bowen) isn't bad, though the violence in the last act goes overboard. not a cheesy camp-fest, but nothing exceptionally memorable either. *1/2 from ****

this film was so predictable, that during the entire time you're hoping that the obvious suspect is innocent, and there's some other big twist still coming. however... it doesn't. he just continues to act creepy, and she continues to ignore it. mary found very incriminating evidence at his place, and she still trusted him? and what was that "baiting the trap"? there was no trap. she confronted him, he said "excuse me. i have to go kill someone" he left, and that was the end of it. they make attempts to use other suspects, (like that one older carnival girl at the end) but they're completely underdeveloped. actually, all the characters are underdeveloped. they have no depth, and the setting is just plain strange... who hangs out in a recycling factory?? its choppy and nothing is well developed. for example: when she leaves his place after having the beer, and he finds the pics and she runs out and he catches her and they end up having sex in that car... what was that? her reactions weren't portrayed. in the car she acted scared like it could have been practically rape- but then all we see is her showering the next morning. booooooooo it could have been so much better.. sooo much better.

i've seen a lot of stupid plotlines in my time, but this one is among the worst. after catching some disease in space, an astronaut comes back to earth and starts melting. he then goes on a rampage, killing people (how is beyond me; i just watch them, i can't explain them.) this is the kind of movie that shouldn't have been made in the first place.

the direction struck me as poor man's ingemar bergman. the inaudible dialogue was annoying. the somber stoicism that all characters except banderas' showed made me think they were drugged. i think the director ruined it for me.

this movie is a good example of how to ruin a book in 109 minutes. except for the names of the characters the movie bears very little resemblance to the book. a book full of strong latino characters and they are represent, for the most part, by non-latinos. there is no character development in the movie and we have no reason to love or hate the characters. and to delete a complete generation is inexcusable. isabel allende has written a powerful book and the book is what should be read!

i read the novel some years ago and i liked it a lot. when i saw the movie i couldn't believe it... they changed everything i liked about the novel, even the plot. i wonder what did isabel allende (author) say about the movie, but i think it sucks!!!

this movie is not only poorly scripted and directed but is simply distasteful. a beautiful novel is terribly misrepresented in this film. many changes have been made to the storyline, presumably to streamline the timeframe. but what results is simply confusing. the acting can't possibly overcome the script which removes the characters' motives for their behavior. plus, the conversion to english does not work when everyone refers to the patriarch esteban as esteban. horrible. please please please read the gorgeous novel, in spanish if possible. don't see this film. it will ruin for you what could be a wonderful experience.

we all know a movie never does complete justice to the book, but this is exceptional. important characters were cut out, blanca and alba were essentially mushed into the same character, most of the subplots and major elements of the main plot were eliminated. clara's clairvoyance was extremely downplayed, making her seem like a much more shallow character than the one i got to know in the book. in the book we learn more about her powers and the important effects she had on so many people, which in turn was a key element in the life of the family. in the movie she was no more than some special lady. the relationship between esteban and pedro tercero (tercero-third-, by the way, is the son and thus comes after segundo-second-) and its connections to that between esteban and his grandson from pancha garcía (not son, who he also did recognize) is chopped in half and its importance downplayed.one of the most fundamental things about the book that the film is all but stripped of: this is called "the house of the spirits." where is the house? the story of 3-4 generations of a family is supposed to revolve around the "big house on the corner," a line stated so many times in the novel. the house in fundamental to the story, but the movie unjustly relegates it to a mere backdrop.if i hadn't read the book before, i would have never guessed that such a sappy, shallow movie could be based on such a rich and entertaining novel.

"the house of the spirits" is quite awful. i live in south america, in a country that suffered a military dictatorship just like the one the movie tries to describe, and even though everyone knows movies may be far far away from reality, this particular movie treats viewers as both ignorant and stupid. things are not so simple and linear as appears here, and of course political process are much more complicated and interesting that the plot in "the house...". if you can't show that complexity on screen is better not making a movie at all. there are a lot of examples of how can politics be seriously taken in cinema, without so many commonplaces. in some parts i felt that carmen miranda may appear within parrots and palm trees. when you talk about certain things you must be not only careful but respectful to your public's intelligence.

this film may have been the biggest let-down i've experienced in renting movies based on imdb reviews. overall, i simply found this to be a second-rate movie.leslie cheung is certainly passable as the antihero and ma wu handles his character with cheerful competence. on the other hand, ma wu's makeup (facial hair) is so obviously phony that i simply could not take him seriously. he looked like an overweight teenager dressed up for halloween, complete with the $4.95 stick-on beard.the special effects were so-so, though the "undead" in the cellar were pretty good. the tree-tongue looked like something from a bad 1950s monster flick, though the pov shots from the tongue's view more closely resembled sam raimi's trademark shots in the more recent "evil dead" trilogy. the pyrotechnics were ho-hum and the final battle is about as dull as you can get. (in fact, it most closely reminded me of the "lost in space" episode where the robinsons are caught in a sandstorm and....) the plot was not particularly original and has been told countless times in the form of european fairy tales. there was no suspense and no plot twists. in fact, you know right away as you are introduced to the characters who is good, who is bad, and who is going to survive.i just returned this film to netflix and then i sat down to write this review. the very first thing i did was check the production date. yep, it says 1987...not the 1967 that i thought it might be. and that pretty much sums it up: the production values and fx are typical of the 1960s. the plot and action seem much older, as hollywood was actually producing some interesting and challenging films in the 60s.** out of *****

this movie is not as good as all think. the actors are lowlevel and the story is very comic-like. i respect fantasy but lord of the rings is fantasy...conan..is fantasy...this is just normal hk-lowprice-entertainment...why did they include this splatter-tongue, it makes everything worse. the only good thing is the cinematography and the cutter's job.

'utter crap' pretty well sums up what this...."movie" was. i'd rather examine the colon of an african elephant with a penlight than sit through this again. i think i've wasted enough time watching this "movie" - i don't need to waste more by commenting on it further......

this short spoof can be found on elite's millennium edition dvd of "night of the living dead". good thing to as i would have never went even a tad out of my way to see it.replacing zombies with bread sounds just like silly harmless fun on paper. in execution, it's a different matter. this short didn't even elicit a chuckle from me. i really never thought i'd say this, but "night of the day of the dawn of the son of the bride of the return of the revenge of the terror of the attack of the evil, mutant, alien, flesh eating, hellbound, zombified living dead part 2: in shocking 2-d" was a very better parody and not nearly as lame or boring.my grade: f

predictable parody, just about failed to impress throughout it's looooooong eight minutes. the only thing that made it worthwhile was the do not colorize line at the end credits. shame something more entertaining wasn't put on the dvd, like jonathan ross' enjoyable profile of romero on 'the incredible strange film show.'

with the exception of about 10 sublime minutes with hb warner on the celestial train, this was 94 minutes of jaw-dropping horribleness! the acting was atrocious, but the story is what i really found appalling. the acting was wooden and stilted, even by early talkies standards (the exceptions being lee tracy and hb warner, neither of whom can do wrong). rose hobart was absolutely horrid and lifeless as julie (as she likewise was in 1932's dr jekyll and mr hyde, an otherwise excellent flick). and the rest of the cast was worse, there being no words to describe their awfulness. worse than the acting, however, was the story. for some unknown reason, julie loves liliom, a cad and user of women with no redeeming qualities whatsoever. he marries julie but doesn't support her, instead lying in bed all day or hanging out with his low-life criminal pal (lee tracy). and, oh yeah, he never has a kind word to say to julie and he regularly beats her. julie loves him nonetheless and continually makes excuses for him, which only seems to make him more abusive. what's even sicker is that this movie presents this story to us as a love story. somehow we are supposed to see julie as a noble character whose pure love redeems liliom. wtf? the last 1/3 of this movie takes place after liliom has killed himself (a robbery plot goes awry and liliom plunges a knife into himself rather than being taken in by the police). as he lay dying, he tells julie "i beat you all the time, but i'm not sorry for it." when he at last dies, she finally tells him she loves him. (neither character ever said "i love you" to the other while they were alive.) after his death, god's chief magistrate gives liliom one more day on earth so that he can "do something good" for his unborn daughter. the price for this is 10 years in hell. after 10 years, liliom is allowed one day on earth to see his now 10-yr-old daughter. he approaches her in the front yard of her home and tries to cajole her into letting him "do something good" for her; he tries to get her to play cards, he tries to give her gabriel's horn, but she's not interested and rebuffs him. so he slaps her. he. slaps. her. and then he disappears back to the afterlife. looking on, we see his daughter tell julie about this. the girl says the slap didn't hurt, that it felt like a kiss. this is supposed to be the movie's magical moment. the girl asks her mother if such a thing is possible, and julie replies that "someone can be beat you and beat you and beat you and not hurt you at all." then the music swells and liliom rides up to heaven in the celestial train. blech! there was one saving grace to this film, and that is the interview between the chief magistrate (hb warner was truly magnificent here) and liliom on the celestial train. the magistrate had some very profound things to say to liliom about life and second chances and death. this scene alone made me bump this rating from 1 to 2 stars. regarding liliom's suicide as a means for escaping his problems, the magistrate says "people suppose that when they die, their difficulties are ended for them. you thought that by killing yourself that you would cancel all your responsibilities. it is not as simple as that. on earth your name is still spoken; your face is still remembered. as long as one is left who remembers you, so long is the matter unended. until you have been completely forgotten, you will not be finished with the earth, even though you are dead." some great sublime transcendental stuff amongst some of the most horrible trash i've ever seen. by the way, this story has apparently been filmed many times both as "liliom" and as the musical "carousel."

i saw this movie a few years back on the bbc i sat thru it. how? i don't know,this is way up there in the "so bad it'good " charts kidman ,baldwin,and pullman must cringe when they see it now.i think woody allen would have worked wonders with the outlandish plot, and baldwin's part could have been played with gusto by leslie nelson.it was on again tonight i tried to watch it again but life's too short. the few minutes i watched was for the lovely nicole she was so hot around 93, has baldwin ever made a good movie? pullman played his stock in trade "nice but dim" character the f-word coming out of his mouth when the lady from "frasier" miscast ed as a detective accuses him of murder sounds so wrong. stay well away.

flat, ordinary thriller about a conniving woman who deceives all those she supposedly loves in order to boost her bank account. nicole kidman plays the deceptive tracey, married to the doting andy (bill pullman). when an old school friend of andy's named jed hill (alec baldwin) turns up as the resident surgeon, trouble is not far behind him.script fails in that it does not carefully develop the promising premise into an effective, tantalising thriller, and the severe lack of character motivation, background and development leaves the whole show reaching. none of the cast are able to generate interest in their shallow characters, especially bill pullman, whose own inexplicably curious andy is impossible to believe.poor director harold becker is left trying to resurrect an impossibly dead project, and is unable to make entertainment from any of it. by the time the 'secret' of the plot is revealed, you just won't care.at least the cinematography has massachusetts looking good. also stars george c. scott, peter gallagher and josef sommer.sunday, february 25, 1996 - t.v.

when i refer to malice as a film noir i am not likening it to such masterpieces as sunset boulevard, double indemnity or the maltese falcon, nor am i comparing director becker to alfred hitchcock, stanley kubrick, stanley kramer or luis bunuel. i am merely registering a protest against the darkness that pervades this movie from start to finish, to the extent that most of the time you simply cannot make out what is going on. i can understand darkness in night scenes but this movie was dark even in broad daylight, for what reason i am at loss to understand. as it is, however, it wouldn't have made much difference if director becker had filmed it in total darkness.

i have walked out of very few movies before they end, but i couldn't finish this piece of garbage. this was the biggest load of racism trying to pass as legitimate film since "birth of a nation". the characters were little more than cardboard cutouts. i don't see how any actor would want their name associated with this film. lee must have better things to do that put out garbage like this. i know that i and anyone with a brain have better things to do.... like watching paint dry. i wish that someone would make a film about interracial relationships that dealt with the topic realistically. there is a lot more depth to this subject the shallow ranting of a bitter director like lee.

in short:spike lee clearly has a lot on his mind. he's thinking about racism color-ism, media and hegemony, consumerism and capitalism, religion, sexism, 'hetero-sexism', politics of the drug war etc etc...that level of consciousness on is own is great. i think it is a blessing that more and more people are choosing to critically examine fundamental aspects of our daily lives; the silent and invisible forces that govern our societies. however, just because lee is making contentious films does not make him a good film-maker.what comes across in "jungle fever" is a superficial understanding of these socio-political forces. this is largely the result of two main failures:firstly, lee is simply trying too hard. he seems to be desperately trying to accommodate every political/social statement he can think of into the 90mins. and as such, the end result seems confused and irresolute as he allows himself no time to develop characters that can fully embody the ideas he hopes to present. and so he exhausts stereotypes and we are left with rushed testimonies and very loaded dialogs. the end result is very staged and unrealistic.secondly, by attempting to make statements about such a wide variety of societal functions, he appears to have no concrete or original interpretation of the social/political issues presented. what comes across is a puddle of regurgitated non-sense. you feel that he bought an elementary level sociology text book and spewed out all 500 pages.these are highly problematic features because the artistry of film is sacrificed and the work is transformed into a loudspeaker for the voice of the voice of the filmmaker. he is unable to distance himself from the work, and allow it to speak for itself.it functions neither as a piece of art nor a sound political argument.although i still do appreciate lee bringing up these important issues, i must say:two thumbs down.

who in their right mind plays a lyrical song at the same time they are portraying an emotional scene between two people? when flipper confronts his wronged wife in the dressing room, the song sung with lyrical content is as loud as the dialog, so one can hear neither, diluting any emotional impact the scene may have had. the scenes of annabella getting beaten by her father with his fists, a lamp and then a belt was so cartoonish as to be absurd. this entire movie is a cartoon, the rampant prejudice against whites is literally astounding. the discussion by the black women after flipper's wife finds out he has cheated on her with a white woman - as if it were a discussion by an oxford debating team, is ridiculous. the rampant racism might be possible to endure, but the soundtrack and the sound mixing during this 'movie' is too much. it was a technically poorly made movie. there is no understanding of the basic craft of movie making, the sound track, the editing and the desperate attempt of great actors trying to keep this movie afloat. i actually felt sorry for anthony quinn, wondering why he had accepted a role in this flick - his appearance in this is painful. this is the first movie i have seen by this director and it will be my last.

jungle fever is too highly stylized, stereotyped, and comes across as essentially dishonest. wesley snipes was wrong for the lead and there was no chemistry between him and annabella sciorra. even though there's plenty of talent in this movie, it's mostly wasted because the parts are reduced to little more than decorative cameos. also, instead of simply showing racism for the ugly and stupid thing it is, spike lee chooses to wave it around like a flag in a most whining and irritating manner. i made it through most of the film but i couldn't quite finish it, and that, for me, rarely happens.

i'm not sure why spike lee made this train wreck of a movie and conned poor stevie wonder into eternally pairing his beautiful music with this theatrical mess. i also resent the way he uses profanity as a part of the normal prose of professional blacks. the abuse of his hold on ethnic movie goers is a shame. scenes which seem to be contrived out the blue and have nothing to do with the theme or sub themes, play as if some college kid wrote this. i especially detest the ludicrous scene where the two leads are playfully sparring for no reason at all and the cops come and rough up snipes. the overacting of the leads makes one feel as if spike has no respect for his viewers or he has no clue what a movie is all about. the final scene appears to be thrown in to justify the use of a sledge hammer to tack a point in. this movie also supports the myth that all people of culture use the f-word in casual conversation. i am hoping he will realize that the rest of his movies are in the same pool as this one where he is not growing as a film maker. i think his union with scorcesee in clockers was a wise move. he should stick to making documentaries like the four little colored girls. shock movies do not an oscar make.

director spike lee is famous for making films pointing out racism. in many of films, such "do the right thing," most of the white people are all brutal racists. in this movie, interracial marriage is the subject, with racism once again being the entire issue.what lee does, however, is once again demonstrate his bigotry against christianity. it's amazing the double standards that exist in the film world. if lee or anyone else ever produced this kind of bias against another group he would be vilified, but christians? hey, it's "open season" on them.ossie davis, a reverend in this film, shoots his son and then puts the smoldering gun down on top of his bible. they zoom in on that for another closeup just in case you missed it. hey, folks, here's another bible reader and look what he''s like! lee does this sort of thing in just about every movie he makes.he shows the same hatred when dealing with race relations. who could argue with portraying racism as an evil thing? however, lee perpetuates it in this film as he has in his other films. his obvious bitterness toward white people doesn't help the situation. it only adds fuel to the fire. hey, spike: start "doing the right thing" and leave your prejudices in the closet. better yet, "get over it."this is too bad because the subject matter could have made for a thought- provoking film if it had been done with objectivity and intelligence.

this movie was exactly what i expected, not great, but also not that bad either. in my opinion pg13 movies aren't scary enough so that's why i already knew i was going to be bored throughout the entire film. sure there were scary things going on in the hotel room, but nothing we all haven't already seen. i guess i didn't like it because i thought there were too many twists and turns happening; it got old and repetitive. i also didn't understand if all the things cusack was experiencing in the room was real or not. there is no explanation for any of the events that occurred. the movie just drags on and when it finally does come to an end you want it to keep going because you are still waiting around for someone to tell you what the whole movie was about. what i did like was the special effects. other than that there wasn't much enjoyment from it. maybe its just me but i thought this was below average.

i am a huge, huge fan of john cusack, samuel l. jackson, and tony shalhoub. i'm slightly less fond of stephen king, but i like some of his work.this said, i should have loved 1408.***possible spoilers after this point**** i walked in eager. i walked out disappointed.this is not the fault of the actors. shalhoub and jackson both have very small roles because the premise of the movie puts cusack in the "guy in a locked room" scenario.this wasn't a bad movie, but i can't call it a good one either. it was a muddied mess that had moments of "ouch, that's just wrong," combined with moments of "ouch, that's just painful," and moments of "oh, now that's just unfortunate" with very little continuity-connectivity between them. eislin's father shows up once, and there's no seeming connection to the rest of mike's personal life that we see displayed while he tries to survive the room. a previous commenter described the olin/enslin argument as worth watching, and i very much agree. but other than that, aside from some clever musical cues (the room almost playfully torments enslin a little bit, and gives him one chance to get out before upping the ante...at which point it gives him the one-hour countdown clock and the titular line from the carpenters "we've only just begun.") it's mostly "stuff jumps out at you when you least expect it!" type horror that was fun when i was fourteen, and surrounded by friends my age, clutching each other in the summer while jason stalked camp crystal lake.the rest of the movie was "let's make him relive some of his most painful experiences" mindgaming, with "let's animate the paintings in creepy ways" cliché cheesiness.******end spoilers***** i expected better from this movie with stephen king's name attached to it, as well as the actors i mentioned above.we never find out the origin of the evil. we never get to see the evil defeated, though we can presume maybe it was defeated.and the ending was just a jarring "what?!" moment.wait for it to come on cable. i wouldn't have minded paying for it as a matinée, but i'm feeling a bit shortchanged for having paid opening night prices for it.

'1408' is the latest hodge podge of cheap scare tactics. the kind that might make date-movie styled horror fans occasionally jump in their seat and scream in your ear, but disappoint audiences searching for a little depth and direction.john cusak plays a writer who's made a career of writing books describing his experiences of staying in rumored haunted hotels. despite assurances by patrons and owners that ghosts roam the halls, there is little to make him a real believer in the paranormal. when he learns of the history of room 1408 at the overlook hotel--no wait, i mean, dolphin hotel in new york city--he decides it would make the perfect closing chapter to his latest book. but, samuel l. jackson, playing the hotel owner, strongly attempts to dissuade his guest with narration of the atrocities that have occurred in theat room since the hotel's opening many years ago. the story is simple and we, as possible skeptics, must sit through jackson's lengthy foreshadowing ramble. in other words: be afraid! be very afraid!of course, it would be easy to convince audiences that they've just paid to see an edge-of-the-seat thriller if it didn't take so long to build up to this point. and also, if what followed was a lot more than cheap "boos" that become so frequent and arbitrary that eventually, you might soon expect them. the temperature in the room changes automatically. the walls drip with blood. the fearless writer can't open the door, etc. and after nearly an hour and a half of delivering these to audiences promised big thrills, you might sit and hope that at least you can be wowed by the ending. with suspicions of dream sequences and other derivative time-wasters, even that fails to quell our doubts that before the movie is over, we might finally have something to make the movie a little less than completely forgettable.despite grand performances (as always) by cusak, who essentially is the entire film, most everyone else of note is wasted (i.e. samuel l. jackson) in insignificant minor roles. the true mystery here is how this movie received such a high viewer rating. ballot-stuffing ghosts?

i don't see what everyone liked about this movie. the set-up was too long and talky, and when it was done, the main character remained as flat and opaque as he had been in the first scene. after the film finally got cusack into the eponymous hotel room, i had to wonder, well, what's going to happen here for the next hour or so to keep me engaged. the answer: not much, just john cusack having a long, drawn-out, mental breakdown.maybe if the cusack character had more depth . . maybe if his freak-out were a more thorough reworking of his everyday life . . . maybe if the film had either better developed its half-baked themes about loss and faith or had not tacked them on in the first place . . . maybe if the film had made a choice to be either psychological horror or thrill-ride horror and had fully embraced one of these styles . . . i dunno. all i do know is that i saw this movie with two other horror buffs and none of us much liked it.except for the disquieting episode on the hotel ledge, the alarming crazy lady with the hammer, and the so-stupid-it-was-fun crypt keeper in the air duct, all three of which account for no more than five minutes of screen time, this film was a bore.by the way, this story seems to steal ideas from the shining and use them here to much less powerful effect. is stephen king now reduced to stealing ideas from himself?

after spotting the high rating on imdb, i decided to go see this movie. beyond that high rating, i intentionally avoided reading any of the reviews. i wanted to go into the theater with a clean slate, without knowing the plot or having predetermined expectations.given my rating, you can see that i was disappointed. i enjoyed the development of the main character mike enslin. i also enjoyed how the hotel manager attempted to talk him out of entering the hotel room. by the time enslin entered the room, i was ready for some scary stuff.first chocolates appear on the pillow and the toilet paper is folded. enslin reacts in a believable manner. he's freaked out. i'm encouraged and think to myself, this is going to be good. the people who made this movie understand that less is more.but it's what happens next that was a big let down. the subtleness is quickly replaced by the predictable shotgun approach... just blast the audience with every hollywood scary trick in the book and hope that something works. let's see, a clock radio that turns on by itself? good, that's always scary. objects that move around in the room? good, you can't complain about that. blood dripping from the walls and sink? great. ghosts that commit suicide? good. anything else? how about loud noises, shaking, fire, more shaking, messing up the room, more blood, etc etc. it's all good. and it's all been done before. overstimulate our attention deficit disordered audience with all kinds of stuff in quick succession, and they won't be able to look away.well, it didn't work for me. and you know what else? when i go see a horror movie in a theater, it's typical to hear several groups of girls in the audience yelling in fear at scary moments. but this movie had no scary moments. the audience was silent and disinterested. i felt no chill down my spine. nothing. the shining was 100x what this movie tries to be.so who are all these people who are saying that it is one of the best horror movies ever? friends of the director? sorry, i just don't get it.

can you say "all shock, no plot?" there were so many unexplored directions in this movie. there was no history about the room other than the deaths. *why* was it evil? what made it that way? why an "hour" countdown? then, there were the unexplored things hinted at; for example we *saw* a camera in the air vent, which he mentioned. but when he climbed up said vent, there was no camera.how about the fact that all the ghosts looked "digital", and things "winked out" before hitting the ground making a static noise? hmmm... when you put all of *those* things together, it makes room 1408 look like a high-tech spook house. except that there was no follow up on that.oh... by the way... electronics don't work in 1408. well, except for the tv... the cell phone has no signal, but wireless internet works fine. how many incontinuities can you possibly add? i'm sorry, but this film was nothing but "shock after shock". it's all been done before. reflections in the mirror. things just out of site. changing paintings. bleeding walls. the "oh, it was all just a dream... no it wasn't." and, if the room was "evil", why make our main character come to terms with his daughter's death, if it was going to keep him trapped there forever anyway? it just didn't make sense.additionally, there was no background information about "the first book" that he wrote. just some vague information about the "dad was a jerk" and so forth. speaking of dads, what was with the bit about his father? "you'll be in my place".overall, a truly horrible movie. it was 100% adrenalin shock factor, without any new or innovative effects, and certainly no back story, character development, etc.my overall impression is that the entire movie was made on the "cheap"; pretty much using one set and a couple of location shots, and was nothing but an effects film of recycled, cheesy, "seen-that-before" effects.

i must say that i was disapointed with this film. i have never been a huge bnl fans, i find their songs kind of childish and obsessively nostalgic (this is me in grade 9, if i had a million dollars, shoe box of life etc). however, i have seen clips of their live show and i really like the improvisational and goofy nature of the show. i was hoping that this movie would highlight this which is, unfortunately, the most interesting part of the show because their music is well played yet somehow bland and not that compelling (there is a standup bass solo in the middle which was completely pointless and boring, despite how much jim creegan was digging himself). the film does not and shows only a few minutes of it (and you know they've had better moments, as in the afgahnistan concert "koffee anan, he's the man in charge, my name's steve paige and i'm really large") .bnl are kind of like when i went to europe a few years ago and heard that godawfull "blue" song by effeil 99 or whatever every 2 minutes, i came back to canada and then a month later that song was all over the place *again*, i nearly chewed off my own arm. bnl is like that, years ago i remember many a fond memory of sitting around campfires in canada listening to people play "if i had a million dollars". bnl was a cult phenomenon in canada, and much of their humour has a particular canadian slant to it (kraft dinner is a staple for many students up here, and the name "gordon" is quintessentially canadian) a few years went by where they slipped into obscurity and i was somewhat gratefull. then all of a sudden they become huge in states, and everyone down there thinks they are this brand new band (yeah, they're brand new, but they're all in their 30's!) while the rest of canada is going "oh geez, i thought those guys folded years ago, do i have to listen to 'million dollars' again?"the concert footage is not bad, but i would have liked to have seen more of their stage routine, the shooting is not that great, and things like clips from their massive free show in boston are glazed over much too quickly. the interviews are surprisingly dull for such a funny bunch of guys, i think they're all old and they have families and houses and stuff and have settled down a bit. there are times when they go into spinal tap type of material, where they deliver deadpan satire, then they break into laughs and giggles that kind of ruins it. the interviews with moses znaimer (a canadian media mogule) and terry david mulligan (music dude) are extremely pretentious and verge into tap territory unintentionally.this movie doesn't really document very much either, i mean, it's basically one show and at the start of the film, they are already huge and have a massive touring entourage, it's not like we see them rising from obscurity and "surprise" they are popular, it's a methodically planned out event, so in the end it's rather lifeless, kind of half live concert, half documentary, and not much of either.

i enjoyed "american movie", so i rented chris smith's first film, which i thought was a documentary too. in the first minute i saw that it wasn't, but i gave it a go.what a dead end film. being true-to-life hardly serves you if you're merely going to examine tediousness, esp. tediousness that we're already familar with.i'm sorry, but will it come as a relevation to anyone that 1) a lot of jobs suck and 2) most of them are crappy, minimum wage jobs in the service sector??? i knew that before i saw the film. it didn't really provide an examination of that anyway, as while the film struggles to feel "real" (handheld camera, no music, etc.), what's going on hardly plays out as it would in the "real world."would an employer be so cheerful to randy when he picks up his check, after randy quit on him after 3 days when the guy said he expected him to stay 6 months?? or the day after abandoning his job (and screwing up the machine he was working on), that everyone would be so easy on him??a big problem is our "hero"(?), randy. this guy is a loser. not because he's stuck in these jobs, or has a crummy apartment, or looks like one. he's a dope. he doesn't pay attention or even really try at these jobs. he has zero personalty. if i had to hire someone, he wouldn't make it past the interview.i'm looking forward to what chris smith does next, but guys, knock off the "this-is-an-important-film" stuff. "american job" doesn't work.

having heard so much about the 1990s cracker series without seeing any of them, i looked forward to this eagerly. surely the combination of jimmie mcgovern and robbie coltrane could not go wrong. how wrong i was! the polemics, backed by frequent, repetitive and violent flashbacks, were overpowering. the production tried to be super-modern, but the flashing boxes and even the childish font irritated. robbie coltrane sleep-walked through the two hours, coming up with unexplained and unlikely "insights", and the police were portrayed as one-dimensional bumbling idiots. as a result, the tension never built up and the next-to-final scene (no details for fear of spoilers) was as laughably bad a piece of tv drama as i have seen for a long time.no, i don't want to see any more of these, but i will go back to the dvds of the 1990s series to see if they match their reputation.

the social commentary was way overblown and the mystery itself is built and solved through a series of implausible coincidences that were entirely unbelievable. nothing has changed in fitz's personal life in the past decade that makes it remotely interesting. i even had trouble understanding why he was complaining about his stay in australia as compared to the opportunities to solve mysteries that he has in england. can he not insinuate himself on the australian police? it seems like a very artificial plot point to get him involved in a crime investigation.the latter episodes of the original series were pretty melodramatic and implausible, sometimes bordering on silliness, and this one picks up that mantle rather than returning to the focus of series one. sad.

a major disappointment. this was one of the best uk crime drama / detective shows from the 90's which developed the fascinating title character played by scotland's robbie coltrane. however this one-off has little to add and perhaps suffers from an inevitable let down due to raised expectations when a favored show returns after a long hiatus. coltrane isn't really given much to do, much more attention is spent on the uninteresting killer, and in what he has to act in, he seems uninvolved, almost bored. the ex-soldier's story is written by the books and the attempt to update us on coltrane's family life seems lightweight. perhaps if the writers had a whole series in front of them instead of just this one two-hour show they would have written this with much more depth. as is, skip this and watch the old cracker from the 90's which is far far superior.

as a huge fan or the cracker series, i have been waiting 7 years for the next addition. this episode i'm afraid just does not live up to the legend.fitz returns to manchester after 7 years for his daughters wedding and gets involved in a murder investigation were a soldier, tormented by flash backs from his tour of duty in northern irland, goes on a killing spree.what i did not like about this episode is the extremely convenient way it is all set up and how fitz is led to the murderer. it is all fat to far-fetched.there are however some good scenes in flash backs from northern irland which are filmed great.

i'm a true fan of the original cracker series, and own all of them on dvd. cracker had a tendency to be over-the-top on occasion, but robbie coltrane and the other cast members, as well as the writers, always seemed to carry it off despite themselves. i count the original cracker among the great brit tv crime series of that time, and there's some stiff competition: prime suspect, inspector frost, inspector morse, jeremy brett's sherlock homes, and a host of others. cracker, along with prime suspect, was on the top of my list.which makes "a new terror" all the more sad...ultimately, this was a very pale imitation of cracker's former glory. i forced myself to sit through the whole thing, convinced that it couldn't actually be this bad, and that some spark would eventually ignite. i was wrong, it was bad from beginning to end.a few criticisms: first, just to get any potential bias up-front right off: i was offended by the anti-american, anti-war screed that droned on and on throughout most of the show. the topper: the murder of two american's innocent of any crime and a british junkie is, in fitz's words, "understandable, but not justified". i thought "i waded through two hours of crap just to hear this disgusting bit of drivel?" so i had a negative reaction to the anti-war/american tone brought on by my beliefs... beyond the politics, i had the distinct sense that this cracker was merely a prop for the propaganda, and it actually helped to undermine an already terribly weak script.second, just how much air-time did robbie coltrane get? fitz was almost a bit player in this one, as if he was an afterthought plugged into some story originally written without any thought of fitz's role. coltrane could have carried the show on his own broad and still suitably flabby shoulders, but the writer was apparently thinking of other things, and missed the chance, and by a wide margin.third: what an abysmal script! there was some sparkle, and a couple of bits of actual character development (fitz's son ranting that fitz couldn't stay at his house if he missed his plane to australia, the detective that liked to beat his poor-performers over the backs of their heads, and some of the old sparks between fitz and his missus) but not nearly enough to carry the tedious storyline. fourth, where the hell was panhallagan? now that would have been interesting... it was manchester after all, and 10 years on she'd be up in the ranks. another wasted opportunity (or perhaps the actress wasn't interested?) well, there's much more (that's bad) to say , but i'll close with a curiosity: at the end of the show (as it aired on bbca), when the advertisement announced that the "director's cut" was available on bbc on-demand, i thought ah-ha! the director's cut, which, presumably, one has to pay for, might have all of the goodies i expected to see tonight but never did, like a coherent, interesting storyline. unfortunately, after convincing myself to sit through the horrible free version of "a new terror" with the hope of seeing something, anything, worth watching, only to be disappointed, i have no hope left to motivate me to actually pay for a second, potentially longer and more tedious version. besides, it angered me to think that bbca sliced and diced, and sacrificed show time to accommodate the endless (every ten minutes or so) stream of commercials, and then turned around and asked me to pay for what probably should have been version aired tonight.to close, i quote the first paragraph of variety's review of "a new terror": it really says it all: "initial excitement about robbie coltrane reprising his role as the bbc's flawed, boozing, womanizing criminal psychologist is snowed under by the heavy-handed political statement writer jimmy mcgovern is determined to deliver within this revival vidpic. jolting at first in its message -- namely, that americans are a bunch of whiny namby-pambies who didn't care a whit about terrorism before it came crashing onto our doorstep -- mcgovern's chest-clearing rant overwhelms the narrative and mutes the pleasure of seeing fitz back on the case."

for those of you who've never heard of it (or seen it on a&e), cracker is a brilliant british tv show about an overweight, chain-smoking, foulmouthed psychologist named fitz who helps the manchester police department get into the heads of violent criminals. it's considered to be one of the finest shows ever to come out of england (and that's saying something), and was tremendously successful in england and around the world back in 1993.now, the original stars have re-teamed with the original writer to knock out one more 2-hour episode. i've loved this show ever since i'd first seen it, over a decade ago. the dvd box set holds a place of honor in my collection, and i can quote a good deal of fitz's interrogation scenes practically word for word. the idea of robbie coltrane reteaming with jimmy mcgovern for another tv movie about fitz filled me with absolute glee.i'll start with the good. one of the many things that impressed me about the original cracker series was how quickly fitz was defined as a character. five minutes into the first episode – with his lecture (throwing the books into the air), his drinking, and his cussing of the guy after him on the gambling machine queue – and you knew, simply knew, who this character was. you could feel him "clicking" in your mind, the kind of click that only happens when a great actor gets a great role written by a great writer.coltrane, of course, remained great throughout the show, but i always felt that some of the later episodes – those not written by mcgovern – mistreated the character.so the good news is this: fitz is back. as soon as you see him in this show – making incredibly inappropriate comments at his daughter's wedding – you'll feel that "click" once again. it's him: petulant one moment and truly sorry the next, always insightful, sincere to the point of tactlessness but brilliantly funny in the process. if you love this character as much as i do, you'll be delighted with how he is portrayed in the movie. and this extends to judith and mark: in fact, everything having to do with the fitzs is handled perfectly.the problem i do have with this movie revolves around the crime fitz is trying to solve. in standard cracker fashion, we know exactly who the criminal is in the first five minutes – the suspense lies in seeing fitz figure it out. in this case, we have a serial killer who is out for american blood. and the reason for this, unfortunately, is not due to any believable psychological trauma – rather, it seems that the murders are here simply to allow the writer to display his personal political beliefs.it's difficult for me to write this, as i truly believe that jimmy mcgovern is one of the greatest writers in the world. nor do i have a problem with movies that are about current issues, or movies that take a political stand. but in the cracker universe, we expect to see the characters behaving like human beings, not like caricatures. instead, the americans in this movie are all depicted in an entirely stereotypical fashion. they're know-nothing loudmouths who complain about everything, treat the locals like crap and cheat on their wives – one of them even manages to do all of the above within less than 5 minutes. i honestly thought i'd mistakenly switched channels or something.but it doesn't stop there. we get constant reminders of just how badly the war in iraq is going – reminders that have nothing whatsoever to do with the story and appear practically out of nowhere. the killer is so busy ranting about how bush is worse than hitler that he almost forgets to get on with the killing; but more to the point, he is such a mouthpiece for the writer's political views that he forgets to act like a believable human being, and thus we – as an audience – don't buy his sudden transformation from a happy family man to a tortured serial-killing soul.i can't say that this ruined the show for me – it's was still good tv, better than almost everything else in the genre (mainly due to, once again, coltrane). but its constant politicizing made it impossible for it to be as good as the real cracker classics like "to be a somebody" – an episode that was just as "issuey", but one that was handled with far more subtlety and psychological depth.two other small points: panhandle not being around is a disappointment, but what's worse are her replacements. the entire police department – which for so long filled with such great characters - is now full of vanilla. completely interchangeable cops who lack any and all personality (how you could drain coupling's richard coyle of personality is beyond me, but it is indeed missing here).also, there are couple of moments where the show lost its believability for me. one such instance revolves around fitz having to narrow down the entire population of manchester from 1 million to a hundred based on some very strange criteria (french windows? how does the computer know if i have french windows?) – he not only succeeds in doing this, but he succeeds in less than an hour. i don't think so.so, all in all, i was a little disappointed. it's recommended viewing, but remember to leave at least some of your expectations at the door. still, if there's new series to come after this, it would all have been for the good: i'm convinced that mcgovern can still write great stuff, and maybe now that he's got his politics out of his system he can go back to writing about people.

i hope whoever coached these losers on their accents was fired. the only high points are a few of the supporting characters, 3 of 5 of my favourites were killed off by the end of the season (and one of them was a cat, to put that into perspective).the whole storyline is centered around sex, and nothing else. sex with vampires, gay sex with gay vampires, gay sex with straight vampires, sex to score vampire blood, sex after drinking vampire blood, sex in front of vampires, vampire sex, non-vampire sex, sex because we're scared of vampires, sex because we're mad at vampires, sex because we just became a vampire, etc.nothing against sex, it would just be nice if it were a little more subtle with being peppered into the storyline. perhaps have a storyline and then shoehorn some sex into it. but they didn't even bother to do that... and anna paquin is a dizzy gap-tooth bitch. either she sucks or her character sucks, i can't figure out which.another part of the storyline that i find highly implausible is why 150 year old vampire bill who seems to have his things together would be interested in someone like sookie. she's constantly flying off the handle at him for things he can't control. he leaves for two days and she already decides that he's "not coming back" and suddenly has feelings for dog-man? give me a break. she's supposed to be a 25 year old woman, not a 14 year old girl. people close to her are dying all over, and she's got the brightest smile on her face because she just gave away her v-card to some dude because she can't read his mind? as the main character of the story, i would've hoped the show would do a little more to make her understandable and someone to invest your interest in, not someone you keep secretly hoping gets killed off or put into a coma. i can't find anything about her character that i like and even the fact that she can read minds is impressively uninspiring and not the least bit interesting.i will not be wasting my time with watching season 2 come june.

as a fan of the sookie stackhouse books, i find this series to be a totally crass representation of them. vampire bill is not very good looking and looks much older than described in the book. i found that they have made already wonderfully colourful characters seem very course and vulgar. one of the things i loved about the books is that despite all the crap that she is going through sookie is always a lady, and yet in the tv series she doesn't seem like that at all. not only that but the prejudices displayed in the tv series are not nearly as wide spread in the books. i didn't expect an exact replica of the books but i at least expected the feel of them to be used for the series.

man, i really find it hard to believe that the wonderful alan ball had anything to do with this mess. having seen the first two episodes thus far, i think i can safely say this show isn't going to be on my must see list. it's just got so many things working against it.none of the actors cast are particularly good. anna paquin as the lead character sookie, is just awful. i remember her being better in a lot of other things i've seen her in so maybe it's just the writing. she's not really much fun to look at either, there are moments where to be honest she looks downright ugly. the actor who plays bill is marginally better, if only because his character is supposed to be sort of wooden and aloof. the other actors do their best but with the cliché characters with difficult to perform accents they are given it's a tough job. tara is an absolute misery to watch, rutina wesley absolutely murders the accent. it's like nails on a chalkboard bad. almost as awful is nelsan ellis, it's difficult to understand what he's even saying sometimes. both his character as well as tara's also seem a bit racist to me. i don't know, having a character say 'whycome' on an hbo show that isn't the wire just seems a bit odd. rounding out the cast so far are sookie's doddering grandmother, her sex addict brother, and the only bit of genius casting i've seen in william sanderson as the sheriff.the story seems to be meandering towards it's destination at this point, with no real worry about keeping the viewer interested. the romance stuff is very dark shadow-sy. although this show ups the camp factor from something like those old dark shadows episodes times about ten. at times it seemed so campy to me, that i just have to assume it was intended to be. but unlike a show such as buffy, that pulled camp off masterfully, this show does not. out of place with the campiness is the extreme gore and graphic sex of the show. i'm not averse to either of these when they are done well, as they have in many other hbo shows but here at least they prolonged rough sex scenes involving jason stackhouse seem a bit over the top and pointless.about the only nice thing i can really think to say about this mess is that i liked the opening title sequence. hbo has had a string of bad luck with their shows lately, i hope they cancel this after the first season and try to get something better on the air.

this film is too skeletal. it's a fairly low-budget film (i hope!) which excuses it somewhat, but the lack of a decent cast and a fleshed out plot hurts it too much. phillips is quite believable in his role as a torn-apart son of a well-off family who's searching for himself (though his family is...er...well, a little too white...), but the rest of the cast is grasping at straws. every moment that has potential is ruined by excessive melodrama, and there are *way* too many sub-plots (which is an obvious sign of plot-deficiency. they needed filler...) i wouldn't recommend this film to anyone who isn't either a hard-core phillips fan, or who has absolutely *nothing* to do. 4/10.

dakota (1988) was another early lou diamond phillips starring vehicle. this film is similar to the later released film harley. there are a few differences but they're both the same. i don't know which one came first. i guess it'll remain one of the mysteries of life. but they both are troubled "kids" who are trying to turn there lives around. instead of bikes this one involves horses. they're basically the same movie and they're both cheesy as hell. if you're a serious l.d.p. fan then i recommend that you watch them both. you get some extreme mugging and posturing from l.d.p. if you're game then go for it.not recommended, except for l.d.p. fans!!!

what an insult to the sa film industry! i have seen better sa films. the comments i read about hijack stories,by saying it is worthy of a ten out of ten is quite scary. a movie's rating should not depend on.., "oh, a movie from a developing country. lets boost their industry by saying nice things about their work, even though it is bad." we have the expertise to make good movies. don't judge the film industry on what people say how great they think hijack stories is. we can tell great stories such as cry the beloved country and shaka zulu. cry the beloved country i'll give 9 out of 10. great directing by darryl, great acting by two great elderly actors, irrespective from where they are. hijack stories.., i'll give 1 out of 10. it could only be people involved in the project who would give it high scores. i would've done the same if it was my movie.

*****warning, may contain spoilers which will be more entertaining than this tripe.**** heres some good advise to anyone living in the u.k. whenever channel 5 has an old 80's comedy on late at night, read a book instead. i am currently in the process of recovering from a seizure, due to reading some of the comments on this film on here. i am actually shocked at the fact that someone actually said this film was realistic! all i can say is thank god the cold war never escalated or else we might as well have given the commie's our borders... i found this film dire in the utmost pretence, maybe it is just my british perception of what makes a film funny, who knows? but in all aspects, this film is not just awful, its teeth grindingly terrible.i've never been a fan of bill murray, and its rubbish like this that justify my feelings towards him. don't get me wrong, i loved ghostbuster's, which was made only three years after this film. but this just sums bill murray up really. i can safely say that i haven't wasted my time so blatantly like this since seeing the first running of operation delta force over here, though these two films have more in common than you would think. for 1 thing, they both have terrible action sequences from beginning to end, and 2nd. they are both riddled with cheesy cliché's, throughout.heres one thing, these guys are supposed to be in the "u.s army". yet they are allowed to wallow around their camp, willy nilly, seducing female military police officers, and subsequently shagging them silly in the generals quarters. talk about random! this film is just terrible for this i'm afraid. now don't get me wrong, i'm no feminist sympathiser, but the fact that these two women actually fall hands over heels in love with the two characters shortly after arresting them, letting them go free... twice, is just insulting to the female race. the fact that one tatty haired, fat lipped bum (winger) and his hapless sidekick ramis can simply sweet talk themselves into into the mp's underwear, to which they fall madly in love with the two of them is nothing short of ludicrous.then there is the training scenes, where you get to meet the squad "phycho" who unconvincingly threatens to kill anyone who touches him or his stuff, followed by the overweight bloke (played by the late and great john candy) who claims he joined the army to "avoid paying $400 for anger management classes". leading to loud mouthed murray paying tribute to the "giant toe," (wtf?) 'drill seargent' who honestly couldn't organise a pi$$ up in a brewery, let alone his band of recruits. all this scene serves to do is to prelude loads of fight scenes, with people saying "way to go ass hole'!" all the time, etc etc.the scenes then carry on showing the rag tag bunch making utter tits of themselves on the assault course, leading to a scene where one of them shoots wildly into the air at some passing birds with an assault rifle, peppering a watch tower with bullets. (just like that. yep, told you this film was random...he miraculously escapes undisciplined as well...) eventually leading up the the passing out parade, where the hapless squad make a magic turn around within the space of two hours. (bugger me, miracle!) thanks to some wise words from murray, to which they then direct a massively none military like dance routine in front of a geriatric 'general' in front of the rest of the squads. all of this to the immense pleasure of their two girlfriends on the stand, who really should've been arresting them... everyone laughs it off though. this bit is nothing short of amazing though. he then chooses them to guard a new multi-million dollar prototype armoured vehicle in italy (which turns out to be just a mobile home painted green with loads of gadgets on the inside), claiming "this is exactly what this army needs!" righto...then there is the dire finale, where murray and ramis decide to steal this top-secret prototype military vehicle to pick up their newly acquired and somewhat hyperactive mp girlfriends in germany. to which the hapless captain (john larroquette) then finds out and leads the squad of fresh recruits on a retrieval mission for this vehicle. to which they then take a "wrong turn" en-route and end up in soviet held czechoslovakia, where they are captured. (like we didn't see that coming...) thus begins a rescue attempt by ramis and murray + birds in hand, to which is where a big fight, loads of shooting from the hip and blowing tanks up. with them coming back as national heroes, humiliating the russians by calling them "pussies," etc etc. the end. thats right. no courts martial, nothing. they only just stole a prototype military vehicle, drove it into a warsaw pact country and almost caused an international incident which could've sparked ww3!this film is honestly more fun that being diagnosed with a terminal illness. i know its meant to be a comedy, it got all the right actors for it, but where in the hell is it? have channel 5 cuts those bits out? the only redeeming feature in this film is the repetitive use of naked women taking showers, and female mud wrestling. (like i said, random) not that it helps to divert from the fact that this is an utterly crap film, of course. this film should realistically be aimed at immature 9 year old's, sadly, we have to watch it instead. 1 star out of 10 - total tripe. my advice, do something a little more useful with your time. like castrating yourself...

possibly not, but it is awful. even the fantastic cast cant save it. ok, i admit it started off quite funny but it seemed to plummet downhill as soon as they jumped those girls in the generals house. bill murray turned from being a quick witted, humorous guy into an arsehole who was shouting things at people in the street that just weren't funny, its like he was trying too hard to be funny. his character stole a weapon (an rv? come on...) and ends up being a national hero after invading another country and killing god knows how many soldiers, for a laugh. one good point is that this film shows the inadequacy and incompetence of the us army and shows how arrogant and imbecilic they really are, albeit unintentionally. i actually felt disgusted that this kind of propaganda crap could really be released.

i didn't like this bill murray vehicle when it was originally released in the 80s, so i tried watching it again to see if my distaste for this film was down to my movie-going tastes in the 80s or was it that "stripes" is simply a bad movie. well, the verdict is in and "stripes" is a bad movie.now, "stripes" may have been innovative comedy in the early 80s, and it may appeal to people who have gone through basic training or who are bill murray fans, but its still a bad movie.why is it bad? mostly because "stripes" is supposed to be a comedy but it's just not that funny. there are some laughs, but they are few and far between. most of the movie is consumed by the dramatic plot which is incredibly convoluted and not very interesting. this lack of comedy is especially noticeable if you're used to more contemporary comedies such as "anchorman" which strive for laughs in every part of the movie."stripes" further suffers from bill murray and harold ramis's lack of acting ability. bill murray is a great comedian but he was not a very compelling dramatic actor at this point in his career, and harold ramis is playing harold ramis. these two are just not good enough as actors to carry the dramatic arch of the movie.lastly, most of the comedy that there is in "stripes" revolves around bill murray's self-centered, smart-alec man-child character so if you don't find that character funny (like i didn't) you're not going to find most of what little comedy there is in "stripes" funny either."stripes" is very much a movie of its era, it hasn't aged well and is not worth watching. if you want to watch an early 80's "buddy" comedy i would recommend "stir crazy." like "stripes" the humor in "stir crazy" is not as fast-paced as in contemporary comedies, but unlike "stripes" it has aged much better and as a result is still watchable.

that is quite an outdated movie which aims to showcase the youth's yearning for freedom in some dehumanizing british school. oh yes it's like in the army, you learn to obey and do what you're asked to. yes the young dream of something else but it breaks their dreams and sweeps away their optimism on the threshold of life. great.basically that's how you could sum up the nice intentions in if... nice intentions that arouses no cinematographic challenges: the result is a declamatory movie. do you see how boring i mean?at least that oldie helped kubrick cast mcdowell in a clockwork orange, a movie with a truly powerful social satire and no self-indulgent sentimentalism.

lindsay anderson was very much a european film maker , whereas the likes of david lean , ridley scott and alan parker make spectacular movies involving visuel scope anderson`s movie are more about social commentary and subtext , so much so that the message often ends up taking over the entire film whose primary function should be to entertain the audience what you think of if comes down to what you think of british film makers . i`m very much of the view that cinema should be a universial medium ( the best brit movie makes are those who try to emulate hollywood in my opinion ) , if you want to send a message try pony express , and i find the movie dated , pretentious and too set in the 1960s . 1968 was the summer of love and the year of student rebellion in france . you can just imagine every single french leftist worshipping this movie especially the climax . french new wave film makers will also admire the abstract surrealism of some scenes but a mainstream international will dislike it , and many will dislike it intensely

i just saw "if…" i can remember the advertisements for the movie from 1968, so i was interested in finally seeing it. it may be the perspective of an american who never went to a british public school and misses some of the social references, but i thought the movie was awful. for one thing, as others have pointed out, it takes almost the entire movie for the much ballyhooed-at-the-time revolt to break out. for another, whether the last scene is real or imagined, what occurs isn't a revolt, but a shooting rampage. there's quite a difference.i know it may be bad form to judge a movie on subsequent events, but one cannot avoid doing it here. one person wrote a message board posting asking us not to compare the end of movie to the incidents at columbine high school and virginia tech. but if there's a scintilla of difference between klebold, harris and cho on the one hand and travis (malcom mcdowell) on the other, i simply can't see it. all four of them were under the delusion that their gunfire is going to purify a f___-ed up world that they arrogantly take no responsibility for.which brings me to: why the hell are travis and his chums even in a school they so despise? they are adults, or close to it. they're not in a military prison, like the inmates in "the hill," a much better british film from about the same time. no one is forcing them to go to college and take beatings from the the whips, except maybe ambitious parents in need of a wake-up about the nature of their sons. i had the opportunity in college to join a frat, except i couldn't stand to be given silly, cruel orders by delinquents claiming to be my prospective "brothers." i took the consequences of not having the "in" with the establishment that frats provide, and i can't say i regretted it.if travis fancies himself the second coming of lenin (whose unbearded picture hangs prominently in his room) he's free to go out and organize a fitter's union or work for michael foot in the next election. if he wants to be jack kerouac, then get on the road and start writing. what possible benefit is he giving the world in joyriding a motorcycle and getting drunk in his room?sometimes reviewers have to be like the person who responded to the scene in "last tango in paris" where brando mopes about having had to go on a date with cow manure on his shoes. in the real world, the person said, a listener would say "why didn't you scrape it off? change your shoes?" --don't allow fictional characters to lay a self-pity trip on you because you don't dare point out an common-sense alternative course of action for them. so it is here.

this is the kind of movie that leaves you with one impression.. story writing is what movie making is about. incredible visual effects.. very good acting, especially from shue. everything is perfect.. except.. the story is just poor and so, everything fails.picture this, if you had the power to be invisible.. what would you do? well, our mad scientist here (played by kevin bacon) could think of no other thing to do but fondle and rape women.. this is all his supposedly "genius" mind could think of. does he try to gain extra power? no. he doesn't even bother research a way to get back to being visible. the guy is basically a sex crazed maniac.add to that, the lab atmosphere, you have all these young guys.. throwing around jokes like they were in a bar.. if it wasn't for all the white coats and equipment, you would think this is a bad imitation of "cheers." very shallow and poor personalities and very little care is put into making you think these guys are anything but lambs for the hollow man's wolf.even as a thriller, the movie falls way short because most of the "thrilling" scenes are written out so poorly and are full of illogical behaviors by the actors that are just screaming "this is just a stupid thing i have to do so that the hollow man can find me alone and kill me."if you read the actual book, while the scientist (cane) goes after women, there is a lot of mental manipulation and disturbing thought that goes into his character. in the movie, cane is just the sick guy who goes to a crowded marketplace to rub his body in women and get off on it. just sad.

a top contender for worst film ever made. joanna pakula's character seems to have an i.q. of 3 which is only one less than the writer and director. the screenplay would not have passed in a high school writing class; the "jokes" are juvenile; the concept corny. these performers were obviously desperate for work. i stayed to the end only to see if it would get worse. it did. life is too short to spend any part of it watching this film.

this movie should be nominated for a new genre: complete mess! except for a few chuckles and one or two scenes of gore, this movie is a complete waste of time. calling it "campy" doesn't even cut it. "campy" implies fun which this movie was not. you spend the first half of the movie thinking "its got to get better, right?". in fairness, it does, at the very end when its finally explained who the "brother/sister" team are and what they want but by then, you hardly care anymore because you've spend the entire second half of the movie wondering exactly what did mr. onorati & ms. pacula do to tick someone off this badly to be stuck in such a horrible movie.

feature of early 21 century cinema of lets pit different evil creatures and bad guys against each other. we haven't seen stuff like this since godzilla v king kong and the like. always sounds great on paper when you're splicing up and in a haze of the good stuff you have an inspired idea and see the whole playing out before you like beethoven's symphonies. then you come to writing it. great ideas like all vampires are female. ergo hot, seductive deadly but in a way i want to perish sort of way. and all zombies are men. well thats what men are like to a woman just after shes been dumped or cheated on right? so it all looks good up to actually making it. then the rot starts to set in. mosters have fight. nothing much happens. another fight. philosophical noodling and cods wallop. eureka we've found how to win. big fight again and the end. sounds great doesn't it? if it was made an indie company it would be great. but this is hollywood with the eye on the bucks: gloss instead of what the fans want. it all could have been gore soaked beautiful.

i watched this movie with some friends a couple months ago, i still laugh today thinking about some of the utter stupidity. the first few scenes alone were hilarious. i won't spoil anything for those who wish to see it, i wouldn't want to ruin the laughs. needless to say the entire time i watched this movie i was trying to figure out exactly what the point of anything the characters in this movie were doing. towards the end we all got bored however, as the initial hilarity and shock of a movie being this random wore off. there is no plot and not a trace of decent acting. the characters are about as well developed as those in a kindergarten "learn to read" book. they even managed to make a lesbian sex scene uninteresting.

i honestly have to say that i could not stop watching this movie from the second that it started. simply for how bad it was!!! it's kinda like watching paint dry only a lot more confusing. i mean you sit there and just wait for something to happen, anything in fact, preferably something that makes the whole film make sense! at the end of the film i actually sat there wondering if there was any chance at all that i may have missed the first hour that explained everything or whether i may have inadvertently passed out during the film and missed the parts that glued the plot(if there was in fact one)together! the main thing that really confused me about this movie, is nearly at the end the main girl (if there was indeed a main girl) was in some sort of alternate reality, i mean what the hell was going on at this point?! all of a sudden she awoke and was in a mental institute, chained to a bed being drugged by doctors or something, then quicker than it would have taken me to slit my wrists, it flipped back and she was getting eaten out by some random vampire!it made no sodding sense! i'm tempted to email the makers and demand my time back, i mean i wasted 2 hours of my life watching this rubbish!i am kinda interested to know if the filmmakers themselves actually knew what it was all about! just seemed someone had edited out all the bits that could have made it make sense though i think the film would have had to have been 4hrs long to make that happen! i side completely with the other person who wrote the other review, i was duped royally with this film by its title, and that alone. i'm just so sodding grateful i didn't actually buy the film, no matter how many times iv seen it in the local pound shop. you would have thought that would have given me a clue that the film was a complete pile of steaming movie rubbish but to be honest i think £1 was way too much money to spend on this film!!!! what a sodding huge waste of time and a good razor blade, i mean i wish i od'ed, its less painful than watching this film!!!!

this film was so bad i had to fast forward most of it to get to the good bits. hah what good bits? the only bit that was worth it was the ending (those who have seen the film will know what i mean). i expected a lot from this film like a underworld meets dawn of the dead meets freddy vs. jason but what i got was this crap. story was forgettable, the cast was used badly and what was the director thinking when he made this. this could have been a great but i turned out to be the most boring film i have ever watched. ok so what if there was a nice bit of t and a, i was after the gore and i was bitterly disappointed. don't expect a film thats good but if you want a bad cheesy horror then by all means watch this and see how a horror movie shouldn't be done.

i read the reviews before i watched this movie, and i didn't believe them. i love crap movies and i expected this one to be average. it wasn't. this film makes camp blood 1 and 2 look like greats. the film contains bad acting, poor sound, poor confusing storyline, bad makeup- and it bored me so much i turned it off. even the nudity was rubbish! did they even have a budget for this film? i don't think they did. you can tell if your gonna like this film or not in the first 5 minutes. if u want a good cheesy gory film go watch toxic avenger 4 or even camp blood. avoid this trash - i watched it on tv and felt riped off, so don't spend anything on it. the best part is probably the end.

i have a high tolerance level for crap, so i was looking forward to this. it did not disappoint. apparently based on sheridan le fanu's classic carmilla, it follows a father and daughter hunting a female vampire who, luckily, happens to be travelling with them. then we have santa claus (or the general, as he likes to be called here) running over random zombies. did i mention there was a zombie outbreak? the dead are returning to life but nobody seems too concerned. we have construction worker zombies, soldier zombies and even st.trinian schoolgirl zombies. apparently santa claus is looking for his daughter who has been turned into a vampire. oh wait there are no vampires, the girl is in a lunatic asylum and carmilla is her nurse, or is she? the zombies are back and santa's mad. lesbian sex, i like vampires and i like zombies but i especially like lesbian sex. nothing like some simulated cunnilingus to get the juices flowing. when are we going to see vampires fight zombies? is she a vampire or is she a lunatic? or both? is carmilla a hot sexy lesbian vampire or a nurse? more cunnilingus, you can never have enough cunnilingus. here come the st.trinian zombies. chainsaw time!! more lesbian sex then the zombies kill and eat the vampires. i guess the zombies won, or did they? plot? who needs a plot when you've got lesbian vampires and schoolgirl zombies? and cunnilingus?

going into this movie you know that this is movie has six lab technicians in a sealed lab with an invisible maniac. so right away you're guessing who will live and who will die. the survivors end up being exactly who you'd expect them to be, so no points for plot twists there.and if you're not sure if this is a b-movie or a movie that just happens to take place in a lab with an engaging story, william devane plays a part: instant b-movie status.the movie is promising in the beginning. at the lab we are introduced to the invisible gorilla who is becoming increasingly violent. oooh, foreboding. the best scene in the whole movie is when the lab team makes the gorilla visible again. great special effects. same thing when they make bacon invisible.there are a couple of bare breasts, a really lame dirty joke and enough out of place swearing to give this movie an r-rating that it really didn't need.for a thriller there weren't really any surprises, except when shue makes like macgyver in the freezer, which is more of a 'whaaaa?' ok, there is one surprise. that's when caine (bacon) comes back one last time in the elevator shaft. it was a surprise but only because you're yelling at tv, 'noooo! you're dead already! end the movie!' speaking of yelling at the tv,that's all i did for the last 25 minutes or so. 'put on your f#@%ing goggles!' instead of putting their infrared goggles on so that they can see him, they try every other trick in the book (fire extinguishers, sprinkler systems...).the story really lost it at the end. but the special effects were good; that's the only reason i give it a 2/10.

okay, i've watched this movie twice now, i have researched it heavily on the net, i have asked several people on there opinions. i have even gone to the length of reading the original sheridan lafanu classic 'carmilla', a book that this movie is supposed to be based on. i feel that the best way to review this movie is to describe a game to play whilst watching it. as the plot of the movie doesn't seem to make any sense at all, here is the plot of the book.laura lives in a castle in syberia with her father, mr de lafontaine. they carry on with their lives blissfully and peacefully. one day they get a letter from the 'general' a man who has made it his mission in life to avenge his daughters death. he makes claims of supernatural powers being at work, and explains that he will visit them soon. meanwhile, a chance encounter with a strange woman results in the lafontaines looking after her daughter, carmilla, for several months. soon laura starts to be overwhelmed by strange dreams, and begins to come down with a strange illness. who is this mysterious carmilla? and just what has she to do with laura's condition, and the general?i have invented this game and would like as many people as possible to play it, and let me know what their results are. i even have a catchy name, and would have a jingle too, but i can't be bothered with that. it's called the "this movie doesn't make any sense" game.all you have to do is, whilst watching the movie, try to come up with a complete plot that explains what is happening. i mean complete, all questions answered, everything makes sense, absolutely complete.it will have to answer such questions as ... * why can vampires walk around in day light?* why are they all lesbians?* why is a girl called bob? and why does she shoot herself?* when is the movie a dream and when is it real?* why does killing zombies appear to be an accepted part of life that doesn't make anyone bat an eyelid?* why does travis fontaine spot and run down a zombie without slowing down whilst driving his car, yet when faced with a woman with an obvious hostage in the back of her car, accept the excuse that she is a zombie too?* and why does he then let a girl, which he later openly reveals that he knows is the head vampire, drive with him in his car?* and then let her drive off, alone with his daughter in a stolen car?what the hell is the asylum scene all about?* what the hell is the green goo all about?* why does the head vampire suddenly start dressing like a nurse?* why are there never any vampires fighting zombies?* what is the significance of the necklace? what is it made of? why does it kill vampires? and how does jenna know that?in fact sod it, it's just as much fun trying to come up with as many questions about this movie too.i have my plot, and i have to admit it is not quite there, but it is a pretty good effort.in conclusion'vampires vs zombies' has no moment in it where there are actually vampires fighting zombies. everyone in the movie seems to know exactly what is going on, yet they seem very reluctant to let the audience in on this. and somehow it is based on a classic 19th century horror novel. how? why? what the hell is going on?

after watching this thing, then reading the summary on the back of the dvd, then thinking back to actual movie....i became a bit dizzy. i thought, maybe i fell asleep and dreamed i was a down syndrome baby waltzing through a never ending forest where people drive 11 miles an hour and stop for no purpose other then occasional tasteless lesbianism. where (zombies?) come out of nowhere and (vampires?) who (seduce?) pure hearted citizens on their way to save the world. neither zombie nor vampire notably encounter each other. the only fighting i remember was getting that walrus bonny giroux's panties off. coo coo ca fat! all of them! maybe that was because we were watching it widescreen stretched and were too lazy to change it to its native resolution, but that actually made it more entertaining... in conclusion my trailing thought thesis had more continuity, plot, character development, antagonism, subject matter, and acting then the entirety of this film. it made bloodrayne look like citizen f***ing kane

i am an avid fan of horrendous movies, anything cheesy and down right ridiculous is my game. so imagine my spirit i went to the local rent shop, and found vampires vs. zombies. the name is just too entertaining, you know that no one in the world could pull off something like it, it just has to be bad.and boy, is it bad. after viewing this horror-ific movie, i was speechless, literally. me and my pal sat outside without saying a word to each other for several minutes, both of us contemplating the future of our lives after watching this movie. i broke the depressing silence with the words, "...dude....what?" yes, i am an enthralling individual.heres a quick 'street review' the plot; there is none, at all, ever, constantly in "wtf" mode. the characters; no development, forgettable. the music; worse than porn. the vampires; theirs vampires? the zombies; theirs zombies?in the end; everyone should see this movie, honestly, its so bad i yearn to see it again. so do yourself a favor, watch it and get depressed.

i picked up this movie with the intention of getting a bad zombie movie. but i had no idea what i was getting myself into.i started the movie and soon i had been pulled into a world of pain and visual torture.i finally know what hell is like. it's this movie. for eternity. this movie has no value. it didn't even really have a plot. there was stuff going on in each scene but no overall explanation why anything happens.instead of watching this movie i suggest that you line the nearest blender with oil and try and stuff as many bullets in it as you can. you will find that the outcome to be far more pleasant than this movie.don't even watch it. not even to see how bad it is. i beg you. if you watch it, then it means they win.

dear me. where do i start? the dad isn't anywhere near old enough to be the girl's dad. he corpses on camera in the first 5 minutes of the film. the favoured exclamation in this film is "jesus christ!!!". zombies are agile, stupid and few and far between. motives are utterly incomprehensible and a narrative does not exist. people 'rush' to their destination in jeeps driven at 3 mph. the world seems to be carrying on as normal yet these are supposed to be the end days. breasts appear for the sake of breasts. normally such an approach would provide some redemption but the rest of the film actually made me uninterested in breasts or the future of humanity. there's a dog for no reason and thin, orange blood that turns the stomach. the general and his catchphrase of "shut the f**k up!" is the only redeeming feature. as for the rest, i sincerely hope to hear that they had done the decent thing and killed themselves.

leave it to paul "sex on the brain" verhoeven to come up with a pointlessly sleazy and juvenile version of the invisible man story. if he'd direct a pokemon film, i'm sure he'd turn it into some massive orgy of sorts. i don't mind sex or even sleaze (check my other reviews) on film but frankly, it's obvious the director has a one track mind and he couldn't see interesting aspects about an invisible man storyline than the kinky implications it comes with it. it's a shame because it could have been good if the film didn't spend so much time having an invisible kevin bacon grope women. the game cast of actors does what it can with the one-note cheesy script but i felt bad for some of them, including william devane, who is totally wasted here.but then what could i have expected from the director of showgirls, which, btw, is much more entertaining than this stilted & bad film.

(some spoilers) - as if you wouldn't know how it'll endmy expectations for hollow man were high. a very good commercial, a director like paul verhoeven and actors like kevin bacon and elisabeth shue, plus a very interesting theme - invisibility. every premise for a great movie was accomplished. unfortunately these things didn't matter at all. the movie was very very week, without suspense and awfully predictable. it's all about a bunch of scientists who discovered invisibility. after the tests on animals succeeded, kevin bacon decides to test it on himself. once he's invisible, he changes completely, realizing the advantages of not being seen. from this to murder there's a very thin line.hollow man is an ill movie. it suffers of the disease that many new movies have: the special effects. from a challenging theme that could have lead the producers to a great tensed psychological thriller, verhoeven ruins everything focusing only on special effects, without giving a damn about the real value of the movie. i must admit, the fx are awesome, probably the best i have seen since matrix, but that's not enough to make a movie good. actually that's the problem with the movies today. just like verhoeven, most directors care only about spectacular scenes - and nothing more. the exceptions are very few, and probably the matrix is the only movie that combines perfectly fabulous special effects and great plot.after starship troopers, verhoeven disappoints again. in stead of a great film, hm is cr*p. there are only 2 reasons why you could watch this movie: 1. the special effects 2. the joke with superman and wonder woman (i won't spoil this moment for you...)okay, so what went wrong with the movie? everything. let's see what i can remember.--- it's not tensed at all. it should've been, but it's not.--- it's too predictable . you know from the beginning who will die and who will live.--- in stead of focusing on the psychological part, verhoeven cares only about the effects.--- very many cliches. --- of course the bad guy wakes up a few times before dying.--- just like in every low quality horror, the first rule is to let the characters separate as much as possible. every time there is somebody alone in the lab, perfect victim for bacon.--- some holes in the plot. example: at the beginning, bacon has to scan his finger to enter the lab. after he's invisible, how can he do that?--- the ending: absolutely horrible.--- after shue hits bacon in the head, bacon falls down to the ground. then shue and brolin leave quietly and slowly, without looking back. is that normal? then bacon gets up, attacks them, they "kill" him again. and then shue screams "i heard an explosion" (happened minutes ago), and they suddenly run inside. didn't she hear that explosion some time before?--- there's a scene in which you can see the microphones hanging above the actors. come on, mr verhoeven , i expected much more from you!so that's about hollow man. what was supposed to be a great movie turned into a scam. vote: 4 out of 10 (for the special effects)

i get to the cinema every week or so, and regularly check out this site, but never before have i felt compelled to comment on a film.to my all time list of shockingly bad films - last man standing, spawn, the bone collector - i can now add the drivel that was 'hollow man'.from the awful opening titles - a ridiculously over-long run through of cast and crew put together with alphabetti spaghetti - through to the insulting finale - a world record number of cliches and some of the most absurd dialogue and acting to have ever made it to cinema - this film is dismal, and only the impressive computer graphics keep you from walking out long before the end.this isn't just my opinion - it was that of my friends, and everyone around us. when large sections of an audience are laughing and groaning during and after a serious thriller, its clear that the film is hopeless.not only that, it was sick too. the director took the action beyond the bounds of realistic fare for a violent film, and into the realms of an over the top blood soaked b-movie. it's difficult not to imagine the director as some sort of dirty old man, because the extent of the invisible man's forays out of the lab and into the outside world extended only to two attempts at having a feel of some breasts. perhaps sex could well be the first thing on a bloke's mind if made invisible, but aside from the aesthetic pleasures of the ladies involved, it hardly makes entertaining cinema.[spoilers follow]get past the films sick exterior, and things are even worse. whilst kevin bacon does a good job of acting increasingly twisted as 'hollow man', the rest of them - perhaps handicapped by a dire script - do an even better job of being hollow cast. one long time member of the team is found strangled in a locker by the invisible man, "he's finally snapped" shrugs one colleague without a hint of emotion. this is par for the course, and the lab team swing between sheer terror and complete indifference with such speed that you wonder how they got into acting. they pad their way through the lab corridors terrified, guns poised, but then seconds later one of the crew skips happily off back down the corridor to get blood for a hurt colleague. the lead female treats the invisible man with courtesy and good humour even after he's insulted and abused her, and there seems to be little reaction to his breakouts, even after he drowns the pentagon chief, "he drowned in his pool last night" reports the same female, spectacularly failing to put two and two together.the script is littered with this kind of badly acted pedestrian dialogue, and the rest is just an a-z of film cliches, which get laid on thicker and faster as the film progresses to the point of complete disbelief and amusement at the end.the 'eureka' moment at the computer, the female undressing at the window, the looped security video - the list really is endless - the predictable disregard for strength in numbers, the decision not to kill the two main stars but just put them in a place of probable impending death and leave them to their own devices, the almost-dead good guy appearing out of nothing to save the woman, the bomb and ubiquitous countdown timer, the fireball explosion which just burns up before reaching the heroes, the falling lift which just stops before hitting them, and more than anything else, the immortality of the bad guy.the invisible man is burnt to a shred with a makeshift flame-thrower, electrocuted, whacked round the head with a bar which had just sliced straight through one of the lesser actors, and then having apparently survived the explosion, fireball and total destruction of the labs, has more than enough life left to climb up through the fireball for one last pop at the films heroes - by which stage the disbelieving audience are cringing and looking at their watches.that this exceptionally bad film actually made it to the cinema is astounding. even the name of the film is as hopeless as the movie itself, and not even impressive special effects come anywhere near saving this one, which should be avoided at all costs.

one could wish that an idea as good as the "invisible man" would work better and be more carefully handled in the age of fantastic special effects, but this is not the case. the story, the characters and, finally the entire last 20 minutes of the film are about as fresh as a mad-scientist flick from the early 50's. there are some great moments, mostly due to the amazing special effects and to the very idea of an invisible man stalking the streets. but alas, soon we're back in the cramped confinement of the underground lab, which means that the rest of the film is not only predictable, but schematic.there has been a great many remakes of old films or tv shows over the past 10 years, and some of them have their charms. but it's becoming clearer and clearer for each film that the idea of putting ol' classics under the noses of eager madmen like verhoeven (who does have his moments) is a very bad one. it is obvious that the money is the key issue here: the time and energy put into the script is nowhere near enough, and as a result, "hollow man" is seriously undermined with clichés, sappy characters, predictability and lack of any depth whatsoever.however, the one thing that actually impressed me, beside the special effects, was the swearing. when making this kind of film, modern producers are very keen on allowing kids to see them. therefore, the language (and, sometimes, the violence and sex) is very toned down. when the whole world blows up, the good guys go "oh darn!" and "oh my god". "hollow man" gratefully discards that kind of hypocrisy and the characters are at liberty to say what comes most natural to them. i'm not saying that the most natural response to something gone wrong is to swear - but it makes it more believable if someone actually swears. i think we can thank verhoeven for that.

the invisible man is a fantastic movie from 1933, a cutting edge film for it's time where objects appeared to rest on top of a man who was truly invisible. go ahead, take a look at the film, you will be shocked that it was made in 1933, it was the first true special effects movie. come 2000, computer aided special effects seem like child's play, audiences are not blown away by special effects, instead they are disappointed if they are not done right. the special effects in hollow man, the update of the hg wells story, are ok, but not the biggest problem with this film directed by paul verhoeven, who you might remember from showgirls and total recall. kevin bacon plays sebastian caine, a scientist dabbling in the world of bio-invisibilation (yeah, i know that's not a word) but of course is battling higher ups who are threatening to take away the team's funding. so, as movie characters who are about to have their funding cutoff are prone to do, he makes the ultimate sacrifice and becomes a guinea pig for the invisibilation (yeah, i know, i used that non-word again) process. the process has dire consequences, no caine does not die, but instead becomes a horny, violent creature, aka a guy. now that he's invisible, caine stalks a sexy neighbor, a co-worker, former girlfriend linda (elisabeth shue), and the man who took away his funding. then a funny thing happens, caine becomes a new supernatural being, "the thing that won't die." laughing in the face of all things natural, caine faces down death and spits in it's face, as it take what feels like hours for this creature to die, dragging the ending of the movie out. the movie is silly, stupid, and finally laughable with the way realism is sometimes used, sometimes not. there are neat possibilities in hollow man, but of course, not one of them is explored. for a more interesting look at an invisible being, get ready for some good old-fashioned black and white cinema, and check out the 1933 invisible man. kevin bacon will still be invisible when you come back, probably still alive at the bottom of a volcano.

for those who'd like to see this movie? i'd say: go! without the narration it might be a very good movie/documentary. but the music, the narration and some of the implemented story lines make it very hard to watch for a sceptic person like me. following several animals, their life in several seasons one gets the feeling that it is an animal soap we're watching. but the melodramatic point of view just doesn't cut it for me, moreover if a predator finally catches up on a prey (one exception left there) the camera zooms out or skips to another scene. i ask myself why that happens, if they were to show reality, why cut the scenes that a melodramatic fairytale remains? i think the moral is important for the mass of the crowd, cause after all: it would be a waste to destroy this beautiful planet.

my title above says it all. let me make it clearer. if you have seen the bbc's "planet earth" , which i am sure most of you have , then you are not gonna like this movie too much. and i own all the discs of "planet earth" i had seen the rating for this movie very high , and read good reviews about it. i was excited to check it out.alas, i went to the theater and the movie started , i saw it was a disney movie with production companies listing bbc and discovery. and when they started the first scenes about the polar bear, i recognized them from my dvds at home of "planet earth".the movie continued and went on and on and on , me and my friends kept on recognizing the scenes were all from "planet earth".we were very very disappointed , as i think 90% of the footage is from "planet earth" . i am saying 90% , because some of the scenes i didn't recognize. i have a feeling that i simply didn't remember them.so finally what this movie really is , is a compilation of different footages from the different discs of "planet earth" , with a narration aimed at kids. yes, the narration is quite kiddish. let me give you an example. when they show the polar cubs walking away from the mother cub , the narrator says "the polar cubs are not like human kids. they don't always listen to their mothers" ( i don't remember the exact words , but this is how it is ) so in a nutshell. this is condensed "planet earth" for kids !

a lot of death happens in the wild. you don't need to be a rocket scientist to figure that out! but does it need to be the focus of a nature documentary? what is with this fascination with gruesome death? do we really have to see an adult elephant torn to shreds by a pack of hungry lions? or, a cheetah grabbing a gazelle by the throat in slow motion, no less! i thought this was going to be a family-friendly nature film! and, why not have the courage to show the gruesome violence in the film's trailers? were the filmmakers afraid of losing money?then in typical, comic relief fashion we get to see the magnificent birds-of-paradise perform mating rituals to the most annoying and stupid narration humanly possible. it was surreal! it's as if the filmmakers believed they were only addressing a roomful of first and second graders on a school field trip! wow! from the mean to the moronic in a heartbeat!if there are any future nature documentary filmmakers waiting in the wings reading this film review, why not focus on: animals actually copulating; giving birth; laying eggs; bathing; sleeping; cleaning each other; socializing; playing; emotional displays other than fear and anger; unusual behaviors, like mouth brooding; migration; problem solving skills; culture (yes, many animal species have what humans call culture); communication skills; parenting, healing abilities, etc. in other words, stop focusing on violence or dumbing down beauty, and why not be much more well-rounded - and focus on delight and inspiration, instead?

this movie is awful. at the end of it you will realize that several hours have been stolen from your life that you can't get back. the "twist" ending is very contrived. the character development leading up to this ending is not consistent with their final actions at the conclusion. ninety minutes of preparation-- with the premise that the rob lowe character will die on christmas eve-- is explained away in literally ninety seconds of "no we were just tricking you." then the rob lowe character is not even upset about it! "i will forgive you if you can forgive me," is as upset as he gets. if someone took weeks to convince me i was about to die and then said "no, sorry , just fooling you" i would raise some serious hell. i don't feel bad about giving away the spoiler because i might be able to save some of you out there from watching. please save yourself and don't watch this movie.

this was a better than average movie i thought, for it being on cable. i had expected something along the lines of cheesy melodrama and bad special effects seen in such classics as christmas rush or first daughter/target/shot, etc.the cast was well chosen...i especially liked ron livingston as the hard pressed swat commander. it's good to see him revisiting the same material he had so much fortune with in band of brothers. the producers and designers had done their homework because all the scenes and shots looked like they did on that day back in 1997.so, if you get a chance to see this film, and i am sure you will since fx reruns everything 50 times...take 2 hours and enjoy it.

as we all know hollywood enjoys changing historical events around for our enjoyment, and 44 minutes is one of those hollywoodized movies. for example the bank robbers never did go back in the bank when they started shooting at the lapd yet in the movie we see them go back inside twice! another example is the number of lapd officers who were shot near the end of the movie, this is far from the truth! but of course hollywood must have a good bloody ending so they *add* some more blood and guts. some events were combined and many of the lead actors played several different people but this is what hollywood has always done so why complain? i guess the only sad part is that i have watched some one hour documentaries about the north hollywood shootout on tlc that were far better then this!

yeah, madsen's character - whilst talking to the woman from the tv station - is right: the lapd is a corrupt, violent and racist police. and this movie changes nothing about it. okay, here are the good cops, the moral cops, even a black one, whow, a christian, a martyr. but this is a fairy tale, admit it. reality is not like that. and most important for the action fans: the shoot out is boring. it's just shooting and shooting and shooting. nothing more. play counter strike, then you will at least have something to do. the only moral of this film is: the lapd is good now. no more bad cops in it. if you like uncritical, euphemistic commercials for police and military service, watch this movie. it's the longest commercial i've ever seen. (2 points for camera and editing).

this movie was based on actual fact? i sincerely hope not!we get to see what appears to be numerous armed cops empty an equal amount of guns at 2 guys who only got armored torso's. that's a great idea; aim for the armor!...excuse me, but how about those big fat unmissable heads or their legs for crying out loud. or were there invisible tanks protecting them? were they from crypton?did i miss something here?this movie started out decent enough but after 20 minutes of shoot-out it really takes a turn to boringlane.and that documentary style didn't work for me either, but thats just something one finds likable or not.highly unbelievable stuff which makes it hard to see it through 'til the end.3/10 for the fine editing.

anne bancroft plays estelle, a dying jewish mother who asks her devoted son (ron silver) to locate reclusive one-time movie star greta garbo and introduce the two before estelle checks out for good. might've been entitled "bancroft talks" as the actress assaults this uncertain comedic/dramatic/sentimental material for its duration. hot-or-cold director sidney lumet can't get a consistent rhythm going, and bancroft's constant overacting isn't scaled back at all by the filmmaker--he keeps her right upfront: cute, teary-eyed and ranting. estelle becomes a drag on this scenario (not that the thinly-conceived plot has much going on besides). silver and co-stars carrie fisher and catherine hicks end up with very little to do but support the star, and everyone is trampled by her hamming. *1/2 from ****

a painfully protracted, maudlin and predictable drama, my twenty-fifth sidney lumet film, garbo talks, gets filed precipitously on the low quality end of my quest.the film documents a harried young working man named gilbert (ron silver), who is son to estelle rolle (anne bancroft), eccentric, feisty and above all, an obsessive fan of greta garbo. when estelle becomes afflicted with a brain tumor, her son decides to go on an obsessive quest of his own: track down greta garbo, and bring her to his mother.anne bancroft is in full-on, chew-the-scenery auntie-mame mode here, that kind of feisty ol' gal that film loves, where she mouths off to people, and stands up for her ideals, and ends up in jail all the time. she stands outside of the film as an obvious artificial construct, and every scene with her is yuk-yuk lame; every note striking false. the rest of the characters are equally as one-dimensional, but tremendously less-interesting. ron silver is flat as can be, and his attempted love triangle is as telegraphed as anything else in the film: he is dating affluent lisa rolfe (carrie fisher), but becomes smitten with oddball co-worker jane mortimer (catherine hicks), and i called every scene three scenes before they happen.that's the other problem. one-dimensional characters can survive if they are posited in an intriguing and captivating story, but there's simply nothing here. the film's pace is glacial, resplendent with extraneous material that strengthens absolutely nothing, and when the film does begin to follow a linear plot, it's both plodding and uninteresting. there are plenty of guest stars, so to speak, including harvey fierstein as a gay new yorker (imagine that) in yet another highly inessential scene.late in the film, it attempts to make a halfway-decent statement on the nature of idolatry and its role in our lives, but by that time, none of the characters exist as real people, and the film had bored me into submission, so it functions as a case of far-too-little, far-too-late. the film is my twenty-fifth lumet-directed film, making him easily my most-viewed director, but outside of a couple egregious misses (a stranger among us, anyone?), he hasn't plumbed the painfully uninteresting depths of garbo talks.{grade: 4.5/10 (c/c-) / #21 (of 24) of 1984 / #23 of 25 lumet films}

since this is part 2, then compering it to part one...man that was on many places wierd... too many time jumps etc.i have to say that i was really disapointed...only someplaces little lame action... and thats it....they could have done that better....

the education of little tree is just not as good as it could have been. little tree's education is about things like the circle of life and how you should look at a star to help you. whatever happened to the three r's? readin' 'ritin' and 'rithmetic? when the idiot back talks the teacher at the boarding school place he starts crying and talking to the sky. oh my gosh. sure, the lady was a little harsh, but then james cromwell's character comes and takes him away, leaving the audience thinking that little tree was absolutely right. he should learn to adapt to new discipline. those were the times! talking to a star is not going to change a thing! little tree needs to learn that his adoring guardians are not always right.

i'll give this movie two stars because it teems with beautiful photography. otherwise, it teems mainly with clichés and stereotypes: mountain people are either dumb white trash of the fanatically religious or ragged racist kind, or wise white indians. indians are magical people who move around without a sound, can disappear in the blink of an eye, talk to animals, and read minds over large distances. and so on and so forth.throughout the movie i kept wondering what the point of the film was (other than showing me pretty pictures of mountains, log cabins, woods, an assortment of animals, free-spirited mountain-dwellers and freaky people in church).the plot touched a whole range of issues but explored none of them in depth. this was neither a story about growing up during the depression, nor about about being an orphan, nor about a struggle for identity. it tried to be all of those things and more, which made it superficial and unsatisfactory.although the movie was supposed to be about little tree's education, we learn almost nothing about it. he was given a brief summary of the history of his people (who were brave and stoic) and a distillery demonstration; tried his hand at chopping wood (at which he failed) and whiskey running (literally); learned how to read (and maybe to write) with the help of grandma and her dictionary - and that was it. apparently he didn't learn much during his stint in boarding school because he was locked up in the attic.however, grandma and grandpa and graham greene's character made sure that in the end little tree became a very spiritual person whose main goal as an adult - after, and i'm paraphrasing here, "riding with the navajos" and "getting caught up in a couple of wars" - was to "catch up" with grandma and grandpa and graham greene's character in heaven (instead of, say, dating girls, getting married, having children or other such nonsense).last but not least i must say that i found grandpa's trade offensive. why of all things did it have to be a whiskey still? to counteract the stereotype of the "drunken indian"?

the movie was disappointing. the book was powerful. the views and the learning of little tree were powerfully portrayed in the book. the movie just coasted along and finally dribbled away. still a nice tale for kids.

i generally like watching burt lancaster's films--especially when he is needed to go nuts with his imposing screen presence like in elmer gantry. however, his greatest strength, his magnetism, was occasionally also his greatest weakness as he rarely, if ever, underplayed anything. and it is this lack of subtlety that really hinders the rainmaker. now i understand that his character was meant to be a sort of showman but how katherine hepburn could fall under his spell is completely inexplicable. she is supposed to be smart but doesn't seem so when lancaster's blarney is being thrown about the screen! in addition to this, the story is perhaps one of the most stagy looking films i have ever seen and it is way too obvious that this is a movie based on a play. it just looks like it was mostly filmed in a sound stage instead of in the great wide open west like it was supposed to be.overall, a very overrated film.

"the rainmaker" released in 1956 - has some of the finest actors of its time. katharine hepburn, lloyd bridges, and burt lancaster being the principle players. not even they can save this completely over acted melodrama. first of all, hepburn is horribly miscast as a shy spinster - despite her brilliance as an actress, not even she can pull this off. she is too strong to be credible as being this much of a simpleton, and was just too old for the part. lancaster over acts to the extreme, and earl holliman is way too hammy and comes off more like jethro clampett. only bridges and the ever reliable wendell corey seem to rise above the cast a bit - but even they can only do so much. it seems like the 1950's was a time when katharine hepburn wanted to spread her wings a bit as an actress, and that is fine. she just made a bad choice here. fortunately for her fans (me being among them) she didn't make too many of them. despite an a-list cast and good production values, it doesn't work.

rather than move linearly from beginning to end, this story line of a gay couple impacted by aids "orbits" in time around their "perfect day." the film is organized as a life remembered in asynchronous fragments rather than in a sequential flow as one directly experienced.the narration has its lyrical moments, particularly in describing the impact of loss anticipated or experienced. the dialog unfortunately lacks such grace. the script frequently compels the actors to say startlingly stupid or insensitive things that seem utterly out of character at the moment. on their second accidental encounter, clearly smitten with each other, sensitive phillip encourages a reluctant guy to tell him about his difficult week. but the moment guy begins to open up, phillip, an english major, blurts out "you're not a crisis fairy, are you?" later, watching his lover's naked, chiseled body stride across the bedroom toward him, our young shakespeare in love begins to render the beauty of the moment in words, "the way you cut through space....i can't even describe it"--but lacks the verbal skills to complete his thought. this kind of drivel continues through the aids hospice scenes, bejeweled with lines like, "what made me think death would be all neat and tied up with ribbons?" and "you make florence nightingale look like nurse ratchet." the film often suffers from a bruising lack of subtlety. unlikable characters are far more jarring and steamroller-flattened than they need to be. phillip's thoroughly annoying friends--an arrogant trust fund brat and a whining, needy dweeb--maintain a running caustic diatribe about every one crossing their path. such patter could offer a writer a wealth of opportunities for clever social commentary, but sadly, their remarks are merely unpleasant, ungraced by wit or insight. it's hard to know if our scriptwriter intentionally crafted intellectually limited characters or if he was simply running his tether's perimeter.the plot may be what most appeals to and resonates with those who praise this film. it does seriously explore 1980's us middle class gay life: first encounters, courting, coupling, nesting, the complexity of open relationships, friction and fracturing, dissolution, physical abuse, rapprochement, forgiveness, terminal illness, death and survival. leads phelan and spirtas give fair to good performances rendering complex characters over time. their fetching good looks help explain both the chemistry that held these two together through insensitivity and selfishness as well as the chemistry that helped some some viewers overlook this film's painful weaknesses. the decision to chop the plot arc into tidbits and present them in out-of-sequence flashbacks added complexity without any evident dramatic utility, and in several cases left the sequence and thus the implications of a given event unclear.could i recommend the film? to sticklers for literary and technical quality, absolutely not! for easy going viewers in serious need of an aids survivor catharsis or in the mood for a guilty-pleasure tearjerker with a little eye candy thrown in, maybe. but better written alternatives exploring the impact of aids on relationships of that era include: philadelphia, and the band played on, longtime companion, angels in america, an early frost, parting glances, love! valour! compassion! and even jeffrey.

this is yet another depressing and boring film about aids and tragedy. it begins very uneventful and predictable and continues throughout the movie. i kept waiting for it to pick-up, but unfortunately it never did. the acting is fair, but the script needs a lot of work. and if you're looking for the nudity, don't waste your time with these not so hot actors. due to the poor sound quality and lack of captions, i missed 1/8 of the movie. if you have never seen over five gay films, or have recently come to terms with being gay, you may find this film interesting, otherwise it's your run-of-the-mill low budget movie. it ranks as one of the worst gay films i have ever seen.

first of all let me say that i had to think a lot about writing a comment for this movie. the best review for this kind of cinema can be just the silence. movie addressed to housewives and to grandmothers. this movie tries to look "genuine" and the characters should be supposed "real people". an italian could never think that the characters might be "real": they are just "low-profile" stereotypes. it gives a very misguised vision of what life is in the italian countryside. the plot is weak (plot? which plot?) and the humour does not make laugh anyone older than 12.

using footage pillaged from planet of dinosaurs this shot on video (except for the stolen footage) concerns a bunch of people shot into space who land on a dinosaur planet that is...don't wait for it, is really earth. its a five minute sketch stretched to 90 minutes. slightly better than chickboxer (another in the bad movie police series)-having a nostalgic home movie feel coupled with good stolen effects, this movie is still an impossible slog to get through. i'm left to ponder the question are we becoming so uncreative that we're now pillaging old movies not only for plot but also for mismatched footage? clearly low budget producers are getting so desperate they really will give us anything to take our money

a group of human looking aliens going to earth to eat crash land on a planet of prehistoric beasts instead where they all eat physcedelic mushrooms and act retarded. padded with footage from "planet of the dinosuars" and horrible jokes this is definitely one to miss. the acting is atrocious as well, and while this isn't as bad as "chickboxer" (what movie can be?) this is still pretty awful repugnant stuff. it's 90 minute running time feels like an eternity and you will likely be cursing life so do yourself a huge favor and just move on, skip this crappy film, there's nothing to see here.the film-makers try to resell this turd as a mst3k style making fun of the movie they made a decade before, and it works to an extent it's still nothing that watchable though, ariauna albright is hot, but lilith stabs has a pretty unattractive speaking voice.my grade: d- dvd extras: joke commentary, 17 behind the scenes featurette; 7 minute into the black featurette; jessica mills reporting; stills gallery; and original trailer

it is difficult to find any positives in this movie. seems as though the producer needed to make a buck without much effort & hence we are treated to a full showing of galaxy which is the lamest excuse for a movie in history. the police girls looked extremely sexy in their little uniforms. more action shots of the two cops & a lot less of galaxy would have been the way to go. of course that would add to the budget so they decided to fill the space with that wretched rerun. ms albright does excellent looking sexy & her acting is first rate. ms stabs whom i had heard of but not seen on screen before also looked very desirable but seems to lack basic acting talent. apart from ms albright this is real garbage.

the tv guide described the plot of severed ties as thus : " an experiment on a severed arm goes awry " so right away i thought this was going to be about an arm that`s got a mind of its own as seen in the beast with five fingers or the hand or someone getting an arm transplant as in body parts . both premises are tried and tested , or to be more accurate tired and tested so i was curious as to how the producers would approach the story . i actually thought they were making an arthouse movie like pi down to the use of b&w photography at the start of the film but the makers seemed to have tired of this approach after 20 seconds and decided to make a splatter comedy similar to the evil dead . i`ve very little to say on this except that i disliked the evil dead movies and i disliked severed ties and it seems really unfair that films like this use an obscene amount of rubber when the third world is crying out for condoms

a young scientist harry harrison is continuing his late father's scientific research into limb regeneration with flying colours, but his interferingly dominate mother and her doctor lover want to sell off the serum. when he finds out, there is an accident involving harry losing an arm. so, he tries out the serum and what eventuates is a genetically deranged arm that has a mind of its own.oh we've seen this oh so many times before, but what lifts this very campy and quite rubbery shonky junk is the performance of movie icons elke sommer and oliver reed. actually it's not a bad flick by fangoria films; just there are better ones out there, which are similar in vein. "servered ties" simply lacks it own distinctive style. the oddball nature and unpleasant splatter resembled "re-animator" and even a touch of slapstick stuck out like something from "evil dead 2".the comic story is truly whacked out with it's black humour, but it can get melodramatic and a bit in dry in the fun factor. surprises do crop up, especially the flick's final outcome. which is well accepted, as i thought it could have copped out with something more accessible. for a low-budget production the fx makeup can look rigid and very goofy, but there's some grotesque moments that will make you smile than actually cringe. even a brush of sexual tension streamlines the story, thanks to elke sommer's sternly juicy performance as the mother. oliver reed is quite humorously deadpan in a wicked sense and he pulls it off extremely well. they were both immensely diverting as the couple you loved to hate. billy morrisette is delightful in a erratic performance as harry. director damon santostefano briskly paces the film and orchestrates some stylish scenes of gripping and bamboozling horror.yeah it's juvenile and basically silly nonsense, but you got to hand it to it for some undemanding entertainment.

a young scientist is trying to carry on his dead father's work on limb regeneration.his overbearing mother has convinced him that he murdered his own father and is monitoring his progress for her own evil purposes.a young doctor uses reptilian dna he extracts from a large creature and when his arm is conveniently ripped off a few minutes later,he injects himself with his formula and grows a new murderous arm...admittedly the special effects in "severed ties" are pretty good and grotesque,but the rest of the film is awful.the severed arm is behaving like a snake and kills few people.big deal.the acting is mediocre and the climax is silly.3 out of 10.

i disliked frosty returns and this one. both of the films are absurd with poorly written characters and bad voices. the voices could have been done but frosty returns was worst than this because of the unalike snowman they drew. frosty's winterwonder land was great and so was the original heartwarming drama. the only good thing about this film was frosty the snowman was alike of the classic 60s and a funny line like when they were talking about things that are not real and then frosty walks by the window humming, whistling whatever he was doing but everything else was badly written and badly animated and i barely got the plot. i saw the dvd cover at the library about 2 or 3 years ago and the art looked crappy so i didn't pick it up until this year because the pictures on the back looked a little touching but i played this film. it was a hassle poorly art characters just like the dvd and it was just terrible about what's going on. i watched this at night and found it dull that i fell asleep on the whole thing (wait i always do that when i watch something while i go to sleep) but this movie was overall boringoverall rating: grade -cthis is like another holiday special bad rip-off in the frosty returns and this one. this one is the badly 4th sequel like home alone 4 well i thought that movie was ok but home alone 3 was great. but it's like a bad home alone 3 and 4 people hate like this. my sister didn't watch it that much because when she came into my room to watch 2 minutes and a half of it, she walked away like "i hate the animation!" i agree to her just like the 3rd one frosty returns. plain awful!

the john goodman program was pretty awful, but this thing just plain stinks. the one and only thing in this mess that made me smile was recognizing the voice of patrick starfish as frosty. the story is hopeless, written by somebody who has garbled memories of childhood rebelliousness but has never gained any adult sense of perspective in the intervening years. paranoia rules the dark world that these characters inhabit. everybody is unpleasant, and for no reason. the plot is predictable but the show lurches from one inexplicable, unconnected scene to another in such a pointless way there is no fun in watching it. the worst thing is nobody in the production crew seems to have ever seen snow!

december holiday specials, like the original frosty, ought to be richly-produced with quality music and a wholesome, yet lighthearted storyline. they should have a touch of the mystical magic of the holidays. basically, they should look, sound, and feel...well, "special" and they should have a decent and appropriate december holiday subtext.so when i saw legend of frosty the snowman in the tv listings, i got my kids (6 and 8) pumped up for it by telling them the story of the original frosty and passionately relating how much i enjoyed it as a kid. as my wife and kids cozied up on the couch to watch the movie the expectations were high, but 10 minutes into it my kids were yawning and my wife and i were giving each other "the look" and rolling our eyes. after 35 minutes my kids were actually asking to go to bed -- i guess they were fed up with the insensitive language and pointless, disconnected segments. i was actually embarrassed about their (and my) disappointment with this movie.unfortunately, legend of frosty the snowman is more like a bad episode of fairly odd parents crossed with a worse-than-normal episode of sponge bob than a classic holiday movie. don't get me wrong...those shows are fine and i like them as much as the next guy, but when i watch fairly odd parents or sponge bob, my low expectations (for mediocre, off-color, zero subtext, mind numbing episodes) are always satisfied.we picked out some good books and spent the rest of the evening reading together. a much better choice than the embarrassingly bad legend of frosty the snowman.

my complaints here concern the movie's pacing and the material at hand. while using archival film and letters lends the film a fresh and interesting perspective, too often the material selected to highlight simply isn't very interesting (such as when goebbels complains about this or that ailment, &tc., or the ad nauseam footage of his small german hometown). also, the movie crawls along in covering c. 1920-1939 and then steams through the war years. in sum, the film is little better than a history channel documentary, with the exception that the filmmaker has a slightly greater sensibility than your average history channel documentary editor and thus can more artfully arrange the details of goebbels' life. still, i found it wanting.

one of my sisters friends lent me this game, and it is too damn hard! it carries the appearance of a kids game, but you have to learn how to do tons of intricate moves that require you to twist and turn your hands into all sorts of awkward positions, and you have to search seemingly endless levels for 100 notes, to improve your 'score'! you also have to find these impossibly hidden jigsaw puzzle pieces, that require you to do almost impossible tasks to get them! and i am only up to stage three!!!!! maybe if you have no life nad can stay home all the time you might get some enjoyment out of this, but otherwise keep away! and it is definately not recommended for kids - they will pull their hair out within the hour!

tim robbins and john cusack are two actors i have appreciated throughout their careers, and that was the only reason for choosing to watch this movie. well, all i can say is i totally regretted it! these two great actors humiliate themselves all the way through by performing a number of irrelevant, unimaginative and kitch to the extreme (not that this is bad on its own)sketches that are supposed to make people laugh, but fail to do so. the only reason i can think is that the director was their friend, and they decided to support his movie by starring in it-i can't think of anything else because this movie is so cheap! fortunately tim robbins and john cusack haven't disappointed me ever since. i would recommend you to avoid this film, unless you want your opinion about the two actors spoiled.

"tapeheads", a scrappy, intermittently funny spoof of the music video business, might have been the perfect comedic short, and stars john cusack and tim robbins are effortlessly in the swing of the nonsensical chaos involved. they play two semi-savvy security guards in los angeles who start their own company, video aces, making hilarious videos for groups, parties, and one deathbed star. it's too bad the filmmakers had to invent a dim side-plot to pad the running time (shenanigans involving a crooked politician and his henchmen which doesn't do much except take away from the movie's primary strength, sending-up the music culture of the late-'80s). still, cusack and robbins create a couple of originals here: nerdy but loose, street-smart without being hipsters or posers, these guys are on the same nutty wavelength, and they never put each other down. they're the real thing in buddy-comedies. *1/2 from ****

one of frances farmer's earliest movies; at 22, she is absolutely beautiful. bing crosby is in great voice, but the songs are not his best. martha raye and bob burns are interesting, but their comedy, probably great in its time, is really corny today. roy rogers also appears- in a singing role. in my view only worth watching if you are a frances farmer fan, and possibly a bing crosby fan.

we went to the movie with a group because the play we were going to was cancelled. it is without doubt one of the worst movies ever. it is not that i don't like cult-movies i do. but nothing happens in the film. one does not feel any connection with the characters whatsoever. endless times without dialog. and the car. how do thay carry a huge tent and beds chairs and clothing for every day in that car? it is a two seater! i have to say however the scenery is beautiful, but not in a movie, the director should have made a photoshoot of the movie, so that we could skip about 80 minutes of useless time in with nothing happens anyway. i would not recommend it, as it is a waste of your time

usually i love lesbian movies even when they are not very good. i'm biased, i guess! but this one is just the pits. yes, the scenery and the buildings are beautiful, and there is a brief but beautiful erotic interlude, but otherwise this movie is just a complete waste of time. annamarie alternates between sulking and getting high/stoned/passing out on whatever drug or booze is handy, and ella inexplicably puts up with this abominable behavior through the entire movie. at no time are we given any insight into why this is so, or even why annamarie is so depressed and withdrawn.if there had at least been some kind of closure in the (potentially romantic? we don't even know!) relationship between the two, there might have been some kind of satisfaction. but although annamarie at one point asks ella "why do you love me?" ella doesn't even acknowledge this. it's never really clear whether this is anything more than an (ill-behaved) lesbian on a boring road trip with a straight woman.even the interactions between the two women and the local people they meet on the journey, which could have been lively and informative, are instead flat, tedious and mostly incomprehensible.there is one good joke in the movie, although i'm sure it was unintentional. the women travel in a two-seat ford coupe with a middling sized trunk. yet when they set up camp, they have an enormous tent, cots, sleeping gear, and even a table, chair, and typewriter! on top of that, when they board a ferry, we see piles of luggage, presumably theirs, presumably also carried in the little ford's trunk! and through the entire film, we never see one gas station, or anywhere that looks like it would actually have any place to buy gasoline. mostly they travel through endless miles of desolate desert. so where did they get fuel?there may not be too many lesbian films out there, good or bad, but there are plenty that are better than this, and very few that are worse. leave this one in the rack.

whatever the merits of the film, it is poorly researched. as others have pointed out, the movie shows locals in iran speaking in arabic, rather than persian. that is enough to lose credibility for anyone who has the slightest knowledge of the area or the country. the landscape could not be more different from the actual.other factual errors: a train is shown to be operating in afghanistan, while afghanistan does not have railways. the turkish ambassador is wearing a fez (the red hat), whereas the fez was banned by turkey much before the time in which the movie is set. the turkish ambassador's daughter is actually dressed as an indian, and indian classical music is playing in the background in many scenes. i suppose the filmmakers meant to show an exotic woman, and sari was what they decided would make her exotic.

the movie's storyline is pat and quaint. two women travel through the middle east and discover themselves. unfortunately, if you are looking for a movie about the middle east and central asia this is absolutely terrible.the producers of the film either did no research or were unbelievably lazy when filming it. to begin with, and most glaringly incorrect, the nuristanis, as they were known in the thirties, and indeed since the 1890s and their forceful conversion by abdul-rahman shah of aghnaistan, were not nomads. in fact they have not been nomads since the aryan invasions of central asia over three milenia ago.second, the city that is filmed as tehran is not tehran, which is understandable, however the geography of the area around the city could not be more strikingly different than the city of tehran, which is surrounded on all side by a large mountain range, which predominates all of the cities views.third, persian, despite the fact it is spoken in iran and afghanistan, is never heard in movie. when there are native speakers who do not speak in german they speak in arabic. the 'persian' guards at the border, in fact, say to each other 'ma hadha rujal' (this is not a man) and not 'in mard nist' as it would be in persian. also, the love song between the indian princess and one of the main characters is obviously in spanish. while talking in the garden one of the main characters says that the quran uses the words 'ferdos' and 'jehaan' and makes some reference to drugs afterwords. these words certainly never appear in the quran as they are persian for paradise (indeed, ferdos and paradise are very distant cognates between our languages) and 'world' respectively, though jehaan is admittedly close to 'jehennan' which is hell in arabic. when they encounter the nomads in the desert the language spoken is also arabic, this despite the fact that there are no native speakers of arabic in iran and afghanistan and its use is primarily religious, with some use in education at that time.when they are stopped in iran before they reach the afghan border the people they encounter are wholly unlike any iranian group. their tents are typically bedouin with carpets decorating the walls and a high profile. in iran it is also extremely uncommon for people to wear turbans unless they are a cleric. the language spoken is clearly arabic from the initial greeting of 'ahlan wa sahlan.' when they do reach kabul the desert they find themselves in is sandy, totally unlike the rock dirt that is found in the arid parts of the hindu kush mountain range. there is an absence of the light green scrub that covers the ground in the summer and spring. the area is also not wholly consumed by the extreme mountains of the mountain range that won its name, the indian killers, because of its difficult and limiting ground.in short, the story line is the only thing in this movie that holds any water and it is still weak and common place. it lacks any real draw to it, being merely the tale of two women trying to learning about themselves as they get to nuristan, however, even that is still-born and no real development is felt, leaving the characters in the end just where they were in the beginning and nothing has changed except that world war two has broken loose. in short, this is a really bad movie that i would have rated at one star except for the good footage of bedouin and the deserts of the levant, even if they are misnamed.

all i can say is, before watching the movie i did not have a hint indication who annemarie schwarzenbach was or what was her life story..and i have to confess that the movie was hardly a help to reach these data.. and even it was not successful to persuade me to do some research by typing few words on google website; however, all i can say is that the actress jeanette hain was great with her mute facial expression she really played well and showed a deep depression mental status, as it is in real.after all , based on the script the movie has happened in turkey and tehran as well as afghanistan.. but believe me i am familiar with the area , it was all about an arabic desert in morocco.. turkish people and persian people are completely different in face and culture as well as in language which is not arabic..i suppose for making a film like this- documentary type- a thorough research about all these minor elements is mandatory..

this budget-starved italian action/sci-fi hybrid features david warbeck as a miami reporter who is chosen by the ghosts of the people of atlantis (!) to stop an evil businessman (academy award nominee john ireland) from using a telepathic fetus grown using spores from an asteroid to rule the world. you got all that? despite such a loopy plot, this is actually quite a bore and the raiders of atlantis sneers at it with contempt. honestly, the most (intentionally) creative thing about this flick is the slight reworking of herbie hancock's beverly hills cop theme for the opening titles. the most unintentionally creative bit involves a scene in a lab that is inexplicably shown twice back-to-back. perhaps director alberto de martino wanted to get all avant garde on us in the twilight of his career? i was going to declare this ireland's worst film on his resume but then i saw satan's cheerleaders was listed on there. i would also like to safely declare that i am probably the only person in the history of the world to do a double feature of this and hitchcock's vertigo.

the basic premise of "miami golem" most definitely deserves a spot in the top, say, fifty of most demented cinematic plots ever scripted down! i know top 50 doesn't sound too impressive, but i've seen a lot of really weird films with lunatic plots. i was prepared from something convoluted, because the film was directed and co-written by alberto de martino, who was one of italy's most ambitious and creative but sadly underrated film makers. de martino steals multiple ideas from successful blockbusters, like most italian directors did around that time, but he always adds a lot of stuff to make it even more complex, confusing and overwhelming. not all of de martino's films are worthwhile, but some of them are extremely underrated, like "a special magnum for tony saitta", "holocaust 2000" and "formula for a murder". the concept of "miami golem" contains elements from numerous great sci-fi and adventure flicks (like "alien", "starman" , "close encounters of the third kind", "et", …) but i wouldn't exactly call it a rip-off. the only thing that is really shamelessly stolen from another film is the opening synthesizer theme song that sounds almost identical to harold faltermeyer's axel f. from "beverly hills cop". the rest of the film is an amusing hodgepodge of fantasy, sci-fi, action, horror and superhero-movie gimmicks. it certainly doesn't always make sense (most of the time it doesn't, actually) but "miami golem" is undeniably an imaginative and multifaceted film that kept my mate and i fascinated from start to finish.the plot is extremely difficult to briefly summarize but i'll try anyway. sceptical journalist craig milford is reporting the story of a german scientist who allegedly discovered extraterrestrial dna inside a crashed meteorite and managed to clone it. the dna cell belongs to an evil alien force that already exterminated another interstellar race in the past and it will unquestionably destroy the whole of mankind as soon as it grows large enough in size. if this isn't problematic enough already, the rich mr. anderson ordered to steal the slowly growing evil fetus because he thinks that he can manipulate it and use it to obtain world domination. with the help of some good aliens in an earthly disguise, craig milford has the difficult task of safeguarding the planet from the evil fetus. okay, i know all this sounds grotesque and silly, but i assure that "miami golem" is in fact a light-headed and easy digestible flick. the first half of the film may come across as overly hectic and confusing, because alberto de martino attempts to keep the plot secret through the use of preposterous red herrings. there are subliminal ghostly appearances, supportive characters behaving exaggeratedly mysterious for no real reason and at a certain point there are even speculations about the lost continent of atlantis. this is all misleading padding material, however, and as soon as the set-up is more or less clear "miami golem" turns into an ordinary early 80's popcorn action movie with bloody massacres, flamboyant chase sequences (in the florida everglades!), explosions, gratuitous sleaze and nasty little fetus-monsters in jars.now, i really don't want to raise the impression that "miami golem" is a lost and undeservedly obscure gem of italian exploitation cinema. make no mistake, this is a pretty bad movie! the events only become endurable if you accept the stupidity and incoherence of the plot and if you don't succeed in that, well than this is just a non-stop spitfire of negative aspects. the acting performances are painfully awful. particularly b-movie veteran john ireland, as the archetypal james bond villainous character, doesn't seem the least interested in the script. you can tell from his grimaces and by the way he delivers his lines that he also thinks the whole production is retarded and simply signed up for the paycheck. laura trotter is probably the least sexy female lust-object ever, and the person who drew the marvelously chaotic vhs cover must have felt exactly the same way, because the ravishing girl on the cover does not appear anywhere in the movie. what an embarrassment this must be for mrs. trotter. still, her completely gratuitous nudity sequences compensate for this, as she's quite hot from the neck down. and, finally, there's the unforgettable scene where david warbeck takes down a helicopter from a moving school bus with a regular pistol! i don't think even john rambo can do this, while he's a beefcake vietnam veteran and warbeck's character is a simple tv-reporter.

a reporter, craig milford, who works for the james keller public telecommunication center, has an interview with a german professor of a floridian university, who made an unknown creature based upon some substance of meteor(s). but then a man named anderson, who is trying to control the whole planet with the creature, and his man kill the professor and his assistants and plunder the creature. so craig and his new female psychic partner, joanna fitzgerald, who can communicate not only with human being but also with alien friend(s) of the creature, begin to find the creature and try to send it to an alien spaceship... this film has some great casts and staffs. for instance, it has the actor, david warbeck of the beyond, the actress, laura trotter of nightmare city, the special visual effects creator, sergio stivaletti of dario argento's masterpieces, and the director (and also the story- writer), alberto de martino of the man with icy eyes and the killer is on the phone. and these talented people make an incredibly bad film, named, nothing but this miami golem which is essentially a confusedly combined film of close encounters of the third kind with e.t.the extra-terrestrial. and this not-only-confused-but-also-crammed film has something worth; genetic engineering with psychical research. consequently the film has at least one scientific and/or technical flaw; genetic engineering and psychical research are never compatible. (strangely enough, regarding this strangely childish combination of genetic engineering and psychical research, the leading character, craig, himself says there must be a better explanation to the short-haired psychic, joanna. but, after all, the whole story of the film doesn't and can't present any kind of better explanation.) in addition, this film has something more laughable; its problematic music. what the composer, who is credited as robert marry, provides is nothing but the strangely insistent beverly-hills-cop-tasted music. i don't want to say this italianised theme of beverly hills cop per se is particularly bad music, but i have to say it seems to be manifestly clear the music does not have the fitness for this film per se at all. indeed just who can think beverly hills cop has the compatibility with genetic engineering and/or psychical research?

strictly a routine, by-the-numbers western (directed by genre-mainstay andrew v. mclaglen, so is that any wonder?). army colonel brian keith spars with smarmy bandit dean martin, who has just kidnapped the colonel's wife (honor blackman, who never found her niche after playing pussy galore in "goldfinger"). fist-fights, shoot-outs, stagecoach robberies and denver pyle in a supporting role...in other words, absolutely nothing new or original. talking in a low monotone throughout, keith gets to dally with a prostitute (something of a shock after his run on tv's "family affair"), but otherwise this low-rent material wastes keith's amiable talents. it's also bad news for dino, who doesn't seem to notice or care. hack direction, poor writing and several unfunny attempts at lowball humor. * from ****

typical formula action film: a good cop gets entangled in a mess of crooked cops and japanese gangsters.the okay result has decent performances, a few fleeting snicker-inducing moments, and some fair action sequences--plus a chance to check out the gorgeous danielle harris--who makes the most of her perpetual typecasting as a rebellious teen daughter.** out of ****.

michael rooker is a decent actor, but he has no business being the lead except in a low budget movie. he really does not have much charisma. ryo ishibashi has a lot more screen presence, and sadly he is not really the main character. most of the screen time goes to the brick-faced rooker.danielle harris (from the halloween 4 and 5 movies) plays his daughter, and she is cute and entertaining but she is written as not being too smart and one of her dumb mistakes gets one of the main characters killed. comedians fred willard, bobcat goldthwait, and stephen furst are here in interesting roles. just watching what happens to these characters is priceless. vincent schiavelli plays the consigliare to the local mafia godfather, and it is hard to tell whether or not he is working the movie as a comedy. tim thomerson is also in this movie. he seems to be in every extremely low budget direct-to-video action movie. thomerson is also in some low-budget comedies. seeing so many comedians and comic actors in this film made it feel like a spoof. is it a parody of a yakuza movie? it is hard to tell at some points. there is certainly very little yakuza action. the supporting cast of thugs and goons is menacing and well cast. some of these kinds of movies have thugs that look like they work at the local comic book store or as stock boys at piggly-wiggly. overall this movie is very uneven. at some points it seems like a comedy or a parody. then at other points it works as a good action movie. then it sputters to an end. without the contributions of danielle harris and ryo ishibashi this movie would rate a zero in my humble opinion.

i would have given it a one instead of a two, but i suppose it could have been worse. i guess the acting isn't all that bad, but the plot lacks anything even remotely close to interesting. it is a terrible movie!! terrible! complete waste of time! i strongly suggest you do not watch this movie.!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

i really wanted to like this movie a lot more than i did. that's because i love wacky foreign comedies--particularly the strange ones that catch you completely by surprise. however, although this one frequently caught me by surprise, these were almost never pleasant surprises. it reminded me of south park in that nearly every social norm was violated until the only ones left to broach were too sick to be funny. for example, after exploring adultery, drug abuse (of nearly every sort--ranging from pot, heroin, speed to glue sniffing), prostitution, s&m, suicide, murder, etc., the movie got to the hilarious(?) topic of pedophilia. mom encouraged her one son (who looked about 12 years-old) to sleep with neighboring men. in fact, at one point in the movie she gives this boy to the dentist in lieu of payment for dental work! funny?! you've got to be kidding. this movie just goes too far and delves into the "black hole of comedy". what should they make fun of next, cancer or rectal tumors?

serum is about a crazy doctor that finds a serum that is supposed to cure all diseases through the power of the mind. instead it creates some kind of monster that needs to eat human flesh and brains. the mad doc creates some zombies out of cadavers and has some problems. there is a very long lead into all the action with many scenes getting you acquainted with the characters. the mad doctor's nephew gets into a car accident and the mad doc tries to use his new serum on the boy. the results are not good. this is a class c film with ok acting but some troubles directing and some continuity errors. there isn't much zombie action in this one and the effects, while adequate, are nothing special. you can fast forward through the slow parts and get some enjoyment out of the action scenes. watch out for some nudity and bad language.

"serum" starts out with credits that are quite reminiscent of the "re-animator" movies, and it owes a lot to them. the story is very similar; a mad doctor develops a serum that he believes will alleviate pain, sickness and death, but he's apparently not a big believer in clinical trials and so winds up with a brain-eating zombie on his hands in the person of his nephew. the zombie even looks like one of those from "re-animator," and in fact some of the make-up effects in "serum" aren't bad. unfortunately, the script is pretty slow and unbelievable in quite a few places, resulting in a soap opera feel for most of the first 3/4 of the movie. for some reason, the director feels compelled to tell us the time of day every few minutes by flashing it in big white letters across the screen. i can't see why this was important, other than being an attempt to provide viewers with a sense of time passing; sometimes, that wouldn't be present otherwise as the plot plods along.there are a number of moments that just don't add up here. for instance, one victim is bludgeoned with a sledge hammer, but when we see the victim's head up close, there's no sign of that trauma. in another scene, a character runs down a fully lit hospital corridor (we can see the circles of light on the floor, in fact) with a flashlight in hand, looking for all the world like he's walking in the dark... but a moment later a second character walks down the same fully-lit corridor without one. these are just a couple of examples; moments of what look like directorial or editorial sloppiness crop up quite frequently throughout the movie."serum" is better in some ways than much of what goes straight-to-video as independent horror lately. in terms of technical items — sound and photography, for example — it's got a more polished look than a lot of what lands on a dvd. on the other hand, there's still a good deal of wooden acting (particularly by one of the lead characters, the mad scientist himself!) and nonsensical moments that have nothing to do with suspension of disbelief and everything to do with writing and continuity. maybe these are things that the people involved with making this film will eventually get more experience with, though. one of the problems with low-budget independent horror lately is that the filmmakers often set out to remake more popular movies that had bigger budgets, and that almost never works out. it didn't in the case of "serum," anyhow.

yes there are worse movies out there. most of them made for fun, on a shoe string budget, or as a t.v. movie of the week, but even if this was the 'movie of the week' it would rate no more than two stars. it is a poor movie about a serious subject featuring an abused woman who flees the king of the slime people in to the protective arms of the king of the wussy people. ( if this is an attempt to show that she doesn't need a man to protect her than wuss man is superfluouse to the film and ought not to be in it at all). it has no suspense, no character development, and an heroine that could be outsmarted by a rotton onion. ( i think she flushes her wedding ring on a boat with a self contained tank rather than just dropping it overboard in the ocean (where her body should be anyway) and after the husband finds her, demonstrating that she is a moron, she still makes childish assumptions that lead to almost getting her killed.) i am always amazed when i see the sort of generally high rating a movie like this gets and it makes me realize that dr. seuss still has a huge untapped market of people who would be challenged by his work. after i get done laughting at humanity i weep.

what a powerful start to a film when julia roberts character is punched in the face by her abusive and anal husband played by patrick bergin and i felt ready to experience a powerful film on the same level as farrah fawcett's the burning bed. well, as the summary says i was mis-lead. this film was nothing like the burning bed, which had power and farrah played the part of a woman you truly felt for, and felt her pain and her need to survive. sleeping with the enemy drifted off after the first act into cheap thrills with roberts faking her death to escape her husband and goes to live in iowa. her husband at first believes she is dead but starts to grow suspicious that she may still be alive and sets off after her. the rest of the movie is basically a cat and mouse game with julia getting a house in this small town in iowa and changing her identity....there is no mention of course how she got the money for this but at this point in the film i did not care all that much. she meets a guy (mr. nice wimpy) and falls for him and her husband does finally catch up to her but not before he re-arranges her soup cans and straightens up the kitchen. this was i assume to provide a cheap thrill to the audience. but i did not care much if she was an abused wife because the film as i have said cheated the audience. if it had stayed the course i might have felt for her and her situation. of course the husband is killed and all is well for little ol ms roberts. if only the real world was anything close to this....see the burning bed and you understand what a film is suppose to be like on the subject of domestic abuse.

- i had planned to write something explaining what i didn't like about this movie, but this is going to be more difficult than i thought. honestly, i can't remember much about it. i watched it just three days ago and it's made almost no impression on me. that's usually the sign of a real stinker. about the only thing i remember was being incredibly bored by most of it. the novelty of having a humphrey bogart look-a-like as the detective wore off real quick. it would be different if he could act, but he's a one-note entertainer. the kill scenes were amateurishly handled and there was no suspense leading up to them. if you can't spot the killer five minutes into the movie, you need to see more euro horror. the casting is a dead giveaway to the killer's identity.

watchable little semi-soaper, but hardly captivating. still, two or three funny moments. what amazes me is how slippery and morally highly questionable mcnicol is. she plays an invalid (a leg problem), yet she not only isn't the "ugly duckling" whom men shun, but she is even a man-eater - and we are supposed to feel for her! oh, poor little mcnicol, with her leg problem... poor little mcnicol??! she is constantly getting passes from men, and even dumps them without so much as blinking! at one occasion she even has a premeditated one-night affair with a blond stud, and then she tells her newly-found french girlfriend quite non-chalantly that it took him time to get an erection! makes us viewers wonder why she is so leg-conscious if every guy wants to hump her. well, almost every guy; the only guy who really shunned her after seeing her leg wrapped up in metal is the guy working on the telephone. but otherwise she seems to be doing just fine with men! no shyness, no lack of success with men, and she throws them away like toys; the way she dumped carradine was ridiculous. poor little invalid girl?? i don't think so. and yet we are meant to believe that this woman has a major confidence problem; hence the scene in which she prepares to start playing the flute for a solo concert and somehow manages to throw the notes on the ground out of nervousness. nervousness?? the rest of the movie shows little or nothing that would suggest that she has confidence problems, so this flute scene is absurd and doesn't fit into the bigger picture. i was also surprised how quickly and eagerly mcnicol makes friends with a french woman who is screwing a married guy. on the surface the movie would appear to be a "sentimental story of one crippled woman's struggle for acceptance" (or something like that) but it's nothing like that at all; the writer clearly shifts between this type of movie and a "screw anything that moves - it's the 80s" kind of movie - very confusing.as far as her leg: it's not like she has a big, fat purple balloon growing on her calf muscle. she "only" has a normal-looking metal prosthetic attached to the lower part of her leg, so i really don't understand why the makers of the film try to make it seem as if she is a female quasimodo or something, at the beginning of the film. it's not like she has a twin head growing out of her neck! though mcnicol is hardly a major catch. kind of cutish but nothing special, quite average.but what the hell is carradine doing playing some kind of a (relatively) smooth guy flirting with mcnicol and her pal?! this guy was in "revenge of the nerds"! but i guess it's the same thing with the carradines in the movies as it is with the kennedys in politics: no matter how ugly, unable, or dumb, all the doors are open for a career in movies and politics, respectively.down with nepotism.if you want to read bogus biographies about the carradines, and other hollywood nepotists and morons, contact me by e-mail.

any movie that has nude scenes of karen allen and i'm still so bored i walk out, that is a stinker! karen gets stuck in paris, and befriends a sissily-handsome french man with whom she is having sex soon. of course he's married, ("but, cheri, why should that be a problem?") what could be an interesting clash of cultures is (believe it or not) just dull. i walked out. maybe the movie got a lot better after i left; but it would have had to have gotten a lot better to make up for a rotten beginning.my advice, if you find yourself in this, run, do not walk, for the exit. save your time and your energy. most assuredly save your money. it's a shame the production company didn't save its money.

this movie isn't terrible, really. somebody commented that mo is the type of american europeans snicker at. but there are those, and not necessarily anglo-saxon yahoos, who do not care for frenchmen; and the xavier character isn't going to sway them.let's consider his stereotypical frenchman attributes:1). cynical - very cynical. check.2). reedy, underfed appearance, check, despite:3). a great appreciation of cuisine. check.4). lukewarm work ethic. check. (forget the fact he is supposedly a rich stockbroker, from watching him in the film he seems to put in ten hour workweeks.) 5). beautiful wife, check. despite that:6). loose interpretation of the marriage vows. check.7). big sexual ego, which says an american girl owes you sex if you buy her dinner. check.whether mo is a hick or not, there's no reason for her to fall for this smug european twit other than the script dictates so.on the other hand, as other male reviewers have, i did enjoy seeing karen allen's cute, petite body. i'll give the movie four stars; two of them are for that.

true, the setting in paris is great. the actors are fine. the story is a twisted morality play. is it supposed to say that if you want someone badly enough, it's ok to hurt everyone else along the way? in a real romance, you sort of want less cliché than the man who has become bored with his wife and is willing to dump his family, and the woman who is ok with encouraging him to do this. so what if they are decent looking and if karen allen shows off her body? the characters are still self-absorbed and reprehensible. maybe the moral of the story is "you get what you deserve". i give it a 4, only for the fast scan potential through the "male interest" bits.

this movie has not aged well. maybe it's just the impact and artful characterization, acting, and directing that we've seen with the sopranos, but i just viewed prizzi's honor for the first time, on dvd, alone.the experience of watching it with an audience 24 years ago must have been quite different, but i have to say, i was just appalled at the ending. not just the violence of it, but the mere idea that somehow this would be a satisfying ending.i enjoy a good shocker, but this seemed so out of character... also, when was this move supposed to be set? the cars all seemed like they were from the 1960s, and yet the world trade center towers {completed in 1973} were clearly visible in many cityscape scenes.another way in which the film has aged poorly is the mere idea that a passenger could travel coast to coast with a knife on his person.somehow, mid-1980s audiences found this film charming and funny. mid-eighties, meet the late oughts: only of you can live.

eight academy nominations? it's beyond belief. i can only think it was a very bad year - even by hollywood standards. with huston as director and jack nicholson and kathleen turner as leads i probably would have swallowed the bait and watched this anyway, but the oscar nominations really sold it to me, and i feel distinctly cheated as a result.so it's a black comedy is it? can anyone tell me where the humour is in prizzi's honor? it's certainly tasteless (the shooting in the head of a policeman's wife is but another supposedly comic interlude in this intended farce about mafia life) but with the exception of a joke about 'your favourite mexican cigars' (which i imagine is an old joke for americans who have been officially forbidden from buying anything cuban for the last 50 years) i failed to spot anything of a comic nature - and i did try. there is a lot of mafia cliché but cliché doesn't constitute humour in my book.is it a romantic comedy of sorts? never. the characters and their relationships are so completely incredible and shallow that they are on a par with ben afleck and jennifer lopez in gigli.is it a cleverly devised parody about the mafia? not in a million years. the plot is just pointlessly absurd rather than comically absurd, and it usually just has the feel of a really bad (and cheap) mafia movie. it feels more like a homage than a parody.with one-dimensional characters and little in the way of humour written for them, the actors are left doing dodgy accents and pulling faces. well it isn't enough; even when the face is being pulled by that master of the comic facial expression, jack nicholson (repleat with puffed up top lip ... now is that meant to be a parody of brando's padded jowls in the godfather?... oh! who cares?... all i know is, it isn't funny).throw in some slow, plodding direction (this film drags on for 2 hours), some hopelessly daft and clichéd dialogue such as; "you remember the camora? well we're far bigger, we'll track you down wherever you go", and clichéd mannerisms and you'll be reaching for that fast forward button before you can say "capiche?". prizzi's honor is far from being huston's "masterpiece" and is rather a very poor last work. it's definitely one work in the great director's canon that should be given a concrete overcoat and tossed into the hudson river.

oh, how we have a misfire here; a film so bad that your mind will wonder and drift away onto other things as it wastes your time with brain numbingly poor production values; character stereotypes of the worst and racist kind since d.w. griffith referred to the chinese character in broken blossoms as 'the yellow man'; characters so unimaginative and un-engaging that it's difficult to watch as well as a narrative that plods along at such a slow, stupid and pointless pace that you will question the very people who say they like this film.prizzi's honor is a film that ends up being an absolute post-modern disaster in every which way possible. the film is a messy and senseless disaster that has john huston directing; kathleen turner and jack nicholson staring and everybody else filling in the gaps as either dumb stereotypes or supporting characters that weep on a phone now and again or bicker with a main character. prizzi's honor is a film that falls into a genre of neo-noir, comedy, romance, action, gangster and overall crime – this twinned with its director and cast should be enough to propel it through some sort of a story; some sort of a sequence of good scenes; some sort of intelligence in the form of a screenplay or something else but no – what we get is a nasty and ugly film revolving around nothing at all.i'll give a couple of examples of how shoddy this horror show of a film actually is. firstly, the film thinks it's a love story and it thinks this for about an hour of its time: of my time. charley partanna (nicholson) is an assassin who kills people for a family that he works for in new york and yet he resembles his character out of one flew over the cuckoo's nest more than an international hit-man. he meets and falls in love with irene walker (turner) who is another assassin and they hit it off but as the poor excuse for a plot plays out, it appears all is not right. i read that the plot for this film is: "a professional hit man and hit woman fall in love, only to discover that they have each been hired to kill the other." well, yes that's true but that actual revelation doesn't happen until about twenty minutes to the end! nicholson plays partanna like someone with an iq of 60: he walks around; seemingly making observations and talking out loud about things he sees; he talks like he is either drunk or has a more serious problem from within and worse of all we never get the feeling he is an assassin – one really poorly shot assassination early on (that actually happens off screen) is not enough to suggest this guy is a hard-bodied, best of the best, international hit-man.so with a main character who is un-likable and un-realistic, we move to the script. the first hour and a half is just a cinematic dead zone with what ever there is to suggest traces of life merely poor conventions: partanna slouches around on the phone or in person asking the same things over and over again: "do i marry her?; do i love her? what is love? what do i do?" and it gets so repetitive, it's not even able to act as good humour. this twinned with the way he always seemed to be on the phone to someone: a girl called maerose prizzi (huston) played by director john's daughter; which served absolutely no purpose to the plot whatsoever and seemed to be there for laughs as was the scene in which she tells her father about how she slept with partanna and loved it – that got me thinking, was this supposed to be funny? should i be laughing? the film felt like a smart mafia picture what with its opening scene of a wedding (alá the godfather) and consequential scenes with a touch of noir as gangsters, police men and assassins were introduced into the film. but what we get is something very, very different.the second hour revolves around some sort of a kidnap plot; right, the love and romance is dealt with – maybe the film will kick-start. i was so very wrong: with more characters continuously talking very slowly and very deliberately in a monotone way, we have a kidnap scene involving some guy coming out of his office: this scene sums the film up. everything is briefly planned and then executed in a heavy handed and dumb way that just makes it look cheesy. we do not get to see them arrive to some dramatic music; perhaps they have to get through security to get to the elevators; maybe they have to be careful of civilians when they hide in their chosen places and when that random woman steps out of the elevator and the gunshot occurs – the scene isn't even edited correctly. some suspense, some drama: "do i shoot or don't i?"; maybe some slow motion as the character has to quick draw before it's too late – anything but how it was actually executed. prizzi's honor continues its monotonous and uninteresting decent into filmic oblivion as it nears its climax. it's a film where cameras reflect in windows; lights reflect in sides of cars and 'dead' chauffeurs blink when nudged. prizzi's honor is a jumbled and messy film that will try the patients of any film-goer and don't say it was a comedy because i didn't laugh with it – at it is another matter. the film is repetitive, drawn out and colourless in its vision and scope for originality - there is no honour here.

let me state first that i love westerns & civil war stories. i also consider john ford as an excellent director. i also have the same high feelings for john wayne & william holden's acting ability.i cannot remember if i saw this film when it first came out in 1959. last night was the first time i saw it since then.as per my 4 rating, one can say i did not like the movie.i now will attempt to tell some of its shortcomings.john lee mahin who wrote the screenplay from harold sinclair's novel, was a very gifted writer & wrote many fine scripts, this script is poorly written & badly researched. they make mention of the awful conditions of the andersonville prison, at the time of the movie andersonville was not in operation. they also use rifles that were not used at the time.john ford was directing films for over 40 years & won 4 oscars. he must have been ill during the making of this.his usual style was missing. it could be that this was film in the south & east and not in monument valley.he normally had a stock company of players he used in nearly all his film, most were missing this time. this time only minor cowboy stars hoot gibson & ken curtiss have roles & of course anna lee has a small role. there were no other familiar faces except for the 3 stars. (see below) mr. fords stock company made most of his films the classics they were; sadly missed here.now we come to the main stars john wayne & william holden. the duke also must have been ill,he seemed out of place here. this sort of role usually fit his style perfectly, he was just adequate here. wiliam holden did the best he could, but nowhere as good as he usually was.it was required that there be an actress in this type of movie. here in her first major role (second film) is constance towers, a very beautiful person, but not really an actress, she is still having roles on television. let me be kind and say she has had a long career,more based on her looks than acting talent. also in caas as ms. towers servant is tennis star althea gibson.i am glad she stuck to tennis.the rest of the production credits were far from the usual high standard of other john ford films there were a few military type songs supposedly done by the marching cavalry, not good at all. the action scenes were good but come at the end of film.ratings *1/2* (out of 4) 47 points (out of 100) imdb 4 (out of 10)

this has got to go down as almost one of the worst movies of all time. awful acting, awful script... and they were the good points! one to definitely miss! the jokes, if you could call them that, were so predictable as to be pathetic. pamela anderson is still relying on her body to detract from the fact that her acting is just as plastic! i sat willing to give it a chance, hoping that it was going to improve which, alas, it didn't! if it was a choice between this and a book, i suggest you settle down for a good read! i like denise richards, which is why i gave this movie a go, but why she has let her self be cast in this movie is beyond me!

easily the worst movie i have ever seen in my life. direction : none. story: pathetic. screenplay : that will be a good idea. there is a lot of gratuitous graphics, all of pathetic quality. preserve your sanity, dont ever see this movie !

having searched for this movie high and low, i actually found it when i least expected, playing on the sundance channel very early in the morning one day. why i searched endlessly for a small vanity project that chuck barris that was made during the last waning years of the tv show, i haven't a clue. the film is simply put horrible. the scripted part that deals with a week that is. of course the highlight of the film is seeing the real performers that were "too hot for tv" or rejected for some reason or other. that part is still horrid, but campy bad which was enjoyable in it's own way. now that i saw what i sought after for so long will i watch it again in my lifetime? resoundingly no!! do yourself a favor and just watch the much much better "confessions of a dangerous mind" or find old copies of the actual show. the girl act where there just lick popsicles provocatively was fun, but having to endure seeing jay p. morgon flash the audience has in all likelihood made me sterile. in hindsight, i'm so very happy that this was massive flop, for if it was a massive hit, there could have been a "the $1.98 beauty show movie" and that my friends would surely have brought upon the apocalypse.my grade: d

no wonder this movie never saw the light of day. the timing was of the release was awful. the gong show had already "jumped the shark" by the time the movie came out, so who would pay money just to see a few of the censored clips from the original run of the show? and the show clips are just a tiny bit of this pathetic, 90-minute whine by chuck barris about how hard his life was as host of the show. did he really expect we would feel sorry for him and his messed-up millionaire life? did he really think we even wanted to know about his life? (obviously so, since he later wrote his weird autobiography about his career as a cia operative.) did he think the gag of having everyone, everywhere audition for him would stay fresh for 90 minutes? or the network executive hounding him at every turn? this might have worked as the plot for a 30-minute sitcom episode, but not as a full-length movie. however, it was nice to see rip taylor, gene gene, and the unknown comic again (although, to make the movie "spicy," they included only his most vulgar routines). and as someone else has pointed out, this is phil hartman's first significant movie part (even though it lasts only a minute). note his name is spelled hartmann in the credits, which is the name he was born with. you can't miss his voice and facial expressions, even though he's much thinner and younger than in the snl days. ed molinaro (hill street blues) also has a tiny part; one of his first after leaving the soap world.

if you haven't seen the gong show tv series then you won't like this movie much at all, not that knowing the series makes this a great movie. i give it a 5 out of 10 because a few things make it kind of amusing that help make up for its obvious problems.1) it's a funny snapshot of the era it was made in, the late 1970's and early 1980's. 2) you get a lot of funny cameos of people you've seen on the show. 3) it's interesting to see chuck (the host) when he isn't doing his on air tv personality. 4) you get to see a lot of bizarre people doing all sorts of weirdness just like you see on the tv show.i won't list all the bad things because there's a lot of them, but here's a few of the most prominent.1) the gong show movie has a lot of the actual tv show clips which gets tired at movie length. 2) the movie's story line outside of the clip segments is very weak and basically is made up of just one plot point. 3) chuck is actually halfway decent as an actor, but most of the rest of the actors are doing typical way over the top 1970's flatness.it's a good movie to watch when you don't have an hour and a half you want to watch all at once. watch 20 minutes at a time and it's not so bad. but even then it's not so good either. ;)

blonde and blonder was unfunny.basically, it was a rip-off girl version of dumb and dumber, but less funny, and they used too much background noises and music.way too much background noises and music if you ask me!!!!it starts out immensely boring, and totally inane.it doesn't pick up pace anywhere soon, and i was feeling more frustrated as this nonsense carried on.maybe, the only thing that saved me from giving this movie a 1 was the last 30 minutes.i found it somewhat entertaining and interesting as it neared the end, but that was the only part.also, i couldn't help but like pamela anderson and denise richard's characters a little.even though this movie didn't get any laughs from me, it kept my attention.i wouldn't say to completely avoid this movie, but there are thousands of better films for you to spend your time and money on than blonde and blonder.

released in 1965, but clearly shot years earlier, this is an inept little crime melodrama with some inept sexploitation up front. as usual for grindhouse flicks of era, there's a fair amount of undressing and dressing for no reason complemented by lousy music, annoying narration, and awkward editing. the coffee shop scene lays the excruciating groundwork, as we chop back and forth between characters to avoid actually seeing them speak their lines. all we get are reaction shots to the off-screen character's voice! 50s-pretty misty ayers strips to her french-cut panties a couple of times before the action gets started. she's accompanied continuously by what is apparently stock music from romantic to western to mother-does-the-dishes, mixed randomly to produce, among other things, the most thrilling cigarette lighting ever captured on film. watch as he taps it! watch as he strikes the match! will he inhale or will he be captured by apaches? only time will tell!! the film tells the sordid tale of how sally gets tricked into working in a whorehouse, falls for a dope, and can't escape. for some reason, we're treated to some of the most bored and boring hookers ever committed to film, literally doing their nails or knitting rather than entertaining the clientèle. some stupendously lame comedy (boozy dame accidentally drinks milk! har dee har!) and silent film acting doesn't help. this is one of the worst feature films i've ever seen, even on the something weird video marquee. it's really more of a film curiosity for those interested in the history of cinema--very bad cinema.

although misty ayers (burlesque stripper) is certainly attractive as the blonde lead, this flick is just an excuse to let her strip down to her underwear a few times (no nudity in 1954 when this film was made; not 1965).the guy who hires her to work in a whorehouse resembles bud abbott of abbott & costello. most of the other woman are unattractive, and the drunken woman is semi-amusing in a creepy way.a 2 out of 10. ms. ayers has a curvacious physique, but you can't judge any acting talent because the entire film is post-dubbed. some of these "exploitation films", usually made later than this one, are interesting in some way, but this is really a bore fest. sid melton (make room for daddy) directed. there are some samurai-like facial expressions and interesting apartments, but there's really nothing here.

maria bello doesn't seem to care what people think of her choices in movie roles. again she chooses a very difficult and not popular movie to star in. maybe she needs those movies, to get off the sugar coated (aka "hollywood") ones she does here and then (coyote ugly and of course mummy 3).while i think fails to achieve what it sets out to do (i won't spoil that), maria bello is as great as in her other independent/small movies she stars in. it's her performance that elevates this movie. this combined with the strange subject matter almost did the trick for me. but in the end (and even if i try to overlook some flaws, like bad pacing and dramaturgy), the movie is still too long

as is often the case, films about self-loathing characters do not usually make for good drama. 'downloading nancy' is no exception. it's supposedly based on a true story about a woman who's murdered at her own request by someone she meets over the internet.the protagonist is nancy (maria bello) who is married to albert (rufus sewell). albert is a successful software developer who has developed a golf game which his company has successfully marketed to various bars and bar/restaurants. unlike most human beings, albert has virtually no positive attributes (except for his ability to be successful in the business world). throughout the film, albert has a grim and dour expression on his face. he has no sympathy for his wife with all her emotional problems and resorts to patronizing prostitutes. when his wife asks for sex, he punishes her by masturbating in her presence instead.nancy is equally one-note as a character. not only has she had a loveless 15 year marriage but was sexually abused by her uncle when she was growing up (thankfully there are no flashbacks of that back story in the film). her self-loathing takes the form of self-mutilation and a result, she's forced into therapy. however, she has such contempt for her therapist that no progress can be made.finally, nancy is so depressed that she contacts louis over the internet. he's sort of a sadomasochistic gigolo, who has sex with women for money while inflicting massive amounts of pain to boot. it's revealed that louis has two children but no longer sees them (the children's mother no longer wants anything to do with him).nancy's plan is to first have painful sex with louis and then have him kill her. there's a particularly unpleasant scene where louis has sex with nancy while slashing her vaginal area with a broken piece of glass. these scenes are shown as flashbacks after louis pays a visit to albert who ties him up and strikes him with a golf club. it seems that louis has a two-fold plan in going to see albert: 1) berate him for his treatment of nancy and 2) enjoy the beating he receives. it takes awhile before louis will reveal nancy's fate—first, he forces albert to do him the favor of taking his dog to a relative so someone will care for it in the future. nancy's fate of course is that louis finally ended up choking her to death (but showed some hesitation first as he made it clear that he had some 'feelings' for her). we soon learn that louis is imprisoned for life for nancy's murder.what exactly are we to take away from a film such as downloading nancy? are we supposed to feel sorry for victims of sexual abuse and domestic violence? is that the main point of the film? is sympathy for nancy actually warranted? i don't think so. the film's writers create a straw man in the character of albert—someone who is so cut off from his emotions that he is the one that is held responsible for nancy's decline. but are people so one-dimensional in real life? i think not. they have the repulsive louis, a man who makes a living by inflicting pain, come over and berate albert for neglecting nancy. furthermore, his expressions of love towards nancy (before he kills her), is supposed to show his 'sensitive side'.in the end, it matters little whether the filmmakers have defined where their sympathies lie with the various characters in the film. they are so bent on titillating their audience with scenes of gratuitous violence, that downloading nancy becomes nothing more than an exercise in poor taste and soft pornography.

obviously has some talent attached, maria bello is always great. but this is just a dreary wast of time, portraying every character as someone to be loathed and exploited so someone could make a movie out of an 'interesting' story. well, i hope they got it out of their systems. unfortunately for the audience, there is no insight, no sensitivity, no context, and really no humanity. which would all be fine, except it has no humor, no horror, no context, and nothing constructive to say about the story it's trying to tell. bad things happen, you sit and watch it, you don't care, so what? 99% of the time, the words 'based on a true story' constitute an unintentional warning to the audience. it means the director and screenwriter are lazy and fascinated by some events they heard about somewhere, so they just throw them up on the screen and expect the 'true' nature of the story to make the audience feel something without the filmmakers having to do any of the work. i hope they had a great time making this movie. it stinks on ice.

there's nothing particularly original about this story of corrupt unions on one side and the "chief attorney" on the other. the stark but unimaginative lighting and photography stems from the fagged out noir cycle. the story could easily have been out of a warner brothers drawer with george raft in the lead. the performances are routine, the direction flat, and even the set dressing perfunctory. (an alley is shown by a single plaster wall of simulated brick. it has one poster on it. the poster says, "post no bills.") we are introduced to the story and some of the characters by a portentous narrator who informs us that, while most unions work hard and honestly to advance the causes of their members, a few are corrupt. but we don't really get to know much about the unions or how they operate, although i suppose they were fair game after the success of "on the waterfront" a few years earlier. here they're just a peg to hang the tale on. the real ring leader is a disbarred lawyer who runs things through three or four thugs. the district attorney (or whatever he is) finds out, like dana andrews did in "boomerang," that the wrong man (dick foran) is charged with a murder and he spends the rest of the film almost alone, digging up evidence of foran's innocence. he gets into fist fights and shoot outs like any inexpensive movie private eye.brian keith is the d.a. he's shown some insinuating displays of talent elsewhere, but here he spends most of the time speaking quietly and staring at the floor. elisha cook, jr., is a likable rummy but can't do a good drunk. beverley garland is okay but is undermined by the direction, which has her gawking in a night club when she should be furtive. the remainder of the cast would be suitable for a tv series.and nobody is helped by the writing. when a "b girl" is about to be shipped by the union mob to the filippines, someone advises her that she only has to learn a few words of spanish. "i only know one word," she says, "si. yes." the writers have not trusted the audience to know that "si" in spanish means "yes." the plot is clumsy and has holes in it. keith visits a witness in her flat over a night club. he enters the door and has a gun shoved in his back by a yegg, but he outwits the heavy and knocks him out. then the orders someone to call the police. the rest of the scene, played out at some length in the night club downstairs, forgets all about the police and they never show up, nor are they expected by anyone.it's nothing to be ashamed of, and some people might enjoy it, but there is similar stuff, better done, elsewhere.

the "confidential" part was meant to piggy-back on the popular appeal of the lurid magazine of the same name, while the labor racketeering theme tied in with headline congressional investigations of the day. however, despite the a-grade b-movie cast and some good script ideas, the movie plods along for some 73 minutes. it's a cheap-jack production all the way. what's needed to off-set the poor production values is some imagination, especially from uninspired director sidney salkow. a few daylight location shots, for example, would have helped relieve the succession of dreary studio sets. a stylish helmsman like anthony mann might have done something with the thick-ear material, but salkow treats it as just another pay-day exercise. too bad that brian keith's typical low-key style doesn't work here, coming across as merely wooden and lethargic, at the same time cult figure elisha cook jr. goes over the top as a wild-eyed drunk. clearly, salkow is no actor's director. but, you've got to hand it to that saucy little number beverly garland who treats her role with characteristic verve and dedication. too bad, she wasn't in charge. my advice-- skip it, unless you're into ridiculous bar-girls who do nothing else but knock back whiskeys in typical strait-jacketed 50's fashion.

bangville police supposedly marked the debut of the keystone kops, named after the studio they worked for. in this one, however, they don't dress in the silly cop costumes or drive the fast-paced car that's their trademark. anyway, mabel normand is a farm girl here who's begged her dad for a calf. she later sees some strange men in the barn and quickly calls the police. one answers and the chase is on. next, mabel slams her door just as someone is coming in. turns out it's her mother who jumps to the conclusion robbers are in there! so while mabel blocks her door with furniture, the mother and father try to fight their way in! this was perhaps the most amusing part of the short along with some explosions of the cop car. this was a short 7 minutes that went by so fast it's over before it's begun. the only real characterization that's developed is mabel's who exudes charm with just her face and big eyes and seems so optimistically cheery here except, of course, when she's frightened. it's easy to see why she became a star. it's largely because of her that i'd recommended seeing this at least once and why i'm giving this a 4.

a group of hunters track down a werewolf, kill it, decapitate it and then sell the head to unethical dr. atwill (played by director/writer tim sullivan), who runs a private clinic specializing in corneal transplants. research chemist rich stevens (mark sawyer), whose eyes were destroyed when acid flew into his face during a lab explosion, is the unlucky recipient of the werewolf's eyeballs. it takes awhile to get to the first full moon, so first we get a tender love story between rich and his compassionate, big-breasted nurse sondra gard (stephanie beaton). sondra is so compassionate that she strips off her clothing and starts riding rich in bed before he even has a chance to remove his bandages! after a month in the hospital, rich returns home to icy wife rita (deborah huber), who promptly tells him "you look pretty ugly" before speeding off in her kia. our hero soon discovers that rita is not only a bitch, but an adulterous skank who's been carrying on an affair with his supposed friend craig (lyndon johnson). finally, the full moon rises and rich finds himself in a hairy predicament as he transforms into a (very silly looking) werewolf creature. predictable carnage ensues.after ripping out craig's throat on a beach, rich wakes up in the brush the next morning with his clothes tattered and vague recollections of the evening's events. he makes friends with dwarf psychic/occult expert andros (kurt levi) and is hassled by both local author siodmak (jason clark) and lesbian-police-detective-in-a-pants-suit justine evers (tarri markel). when rich confronts dr. atwill, the doctor sends his sadistic bald henchman kass (eric mestressat), who gets a kick out of dismembering corpses with a machete at the clinic, after him. with help from sondra, rich manages to escape. sondra takes him back to her place and basically rapes him on the couch during an overlong sex scene that lasts about five minutes. will rich be able to control his lycanthropy or find a cure for it before he claims more victims? shot on the cheap with a camcorder, this homemade werewolf flick has a somewhat unique premise with the eye transplant angle, but trots out cliché after cliché otherwise. the sets are sub porn level - the clinic scenes seem to have been filmed inside someone's home or apartment. the wolf transformation scenes don't even look as good as the time lapse photography used way back in the 1940s. instead, they employ ragged editing. throw some hair on the actor. cut. throw on some more on. cut. more fur... and fill his mouth full of white gunk he can spit out. cut. no need to worry about continuity! there's no fade, no dissolve, nothing. it's pretty sloppy. once fully transformed, the werewolf costume (designed by jeff leroy, who also edited and shot the movie) is pretty awful. it has red, glowing christmas bulb eyes, fur that looks like shag carpet and a plastic face that's almost completely immobile. there are several times you can see the cameraman's fingers in front of the camera lens, and does the moon really stay full five nights in a row? as far as the cast is concerned, they're amateurish, but tolerable. and as far as b horror flicks are concerned, there are worse out there. this one is paced fairly well, is only 70 minutes long and does provide plenty of the red stuff during the attack scenes, as well as the aforementioned t&a from ms. beaton.it was produced by david s. sterling (camp blood), who was one of the first to ride the wave of digital video right when it was first starting to dominate the low-budget/independent horror genre scene back in the mid/late 90s. many of his notoriously awful productions were released by brain damage films, a label to avoid like the plague for the most part. fx guy jeff leroy (who is listed as co-director here at imdb, but not in the film's actual credits) and vinnie bilancio (who appears in a small role as one of the hunters) went on to make the much more fun and polished exploitation flick werewolf in a women's prison in 2006, which had a similar-looking creature on display (red glowing eyes and all).

eyes of the werewolf (1999) is a really bad movie. the premise was real good but the overall execution was just terrible. i wished the filmmakers would have taken their time with this project instead of rushing it into production. some blind dude gets some new eyes, bad thing is that they belong to a mean old werewolf. nasty things begins to happen to the dude as he turns into a cheesy looking creature. can he find a cure before his hot girlfriend finds out? who is that weird little troll who helps him out and what's up with that female cop? if you really want to find out, check out eyes of the werewolf!not a bad idea for a movie. i just wished the filmmakers would have spent a lot for time in pre-production before they decided to shoot the movie.

this movie is not in anyway funny, it tries to be funny with it's lame humor, which is so dry and boring that the movie is just 2 hours of torture. throughout the whole movie i was thinking one thing, "when is this gonna end". one thing you have to hand to them, is that they do have a very few mildly funny moments, which is also why i gave it a whole 2 stars. it is unoriginal and uses up almost every old blonde joke in the book, even the ones that wasn't funny the first time. it basically is a movie to belittle blondes and to record the whole repetoir of blonde jokes.to sum it all up, this movie is blonde humor gone bad, it is not worth paying any amount of money to watch, it is just that bad.

hunters chase what they think is a man through the forest, though the audience sees he is a werewolf. the hunters never seem to realize this, because after they shoot him, he looks normal when they decapitate him.a doctor transplants the werewolf's eyes into a man who lost his own in a laboratory experiment. the man, rich, gets to have sex with his nurse (stephanie beaton) before he even gets his bandages removed.after he leaves the hospital, he finds his wife has been cheating on him too. when a smoke machine sends clouds past an amateur painting of a moon (with a fake tree branch on the foreground), he turns into a werewolf! his torso grows larger, splitting his shirt, and he grows a giant werewolf mask on his head that has red lights in the eyes. his pants stay intact. the mouth chews unconvincingly, though some sort of robotics (or hidden hands) in the eyebrows give him a baleful look at times.despite the poor werewolf costume, there is a fair amount of blood and gore, and those are fairly well done. there's even a pretty good decapitation later in the movie. however, when a man falls from a height, a rather bad dummy does the job.rich has a friend named siodmak who is some sort of occult expert, and he also accidentally stumbles across a small man with crutches named androse who is also such an expert. they try to help him a little.rich kills people who have done him wrong. a policewoman investigates the murders and tries to hit on beaton, who doesn't much care for lesbian scenes so nothing comes of it.quite cheap, but between the nudity and blood and gore, and a not-terrible story combining (sort of) the most dangerous game with the hands of orlac and the wolf man, it's somewhat entertaining. available on its own, or in the box set scream queens vol. 1.

i sometimes enjoy really lousy movies....those that occasionally result when people (even talented people) get together with good intentions to produce a movie and for whatever reason it turns out to be a disaster. movies like "attack of the killer tomatoes", "plan 9 from outer space", "manos-hands of fate", and "heavens gate", etc.so, when i heard that this movie, "rachel's attic", was considered by many people to be the single worst film of the decade, naturally i just had to see it.boy, do i regret that decision. this movie is beyond bad....it is so bad that it is not even as enjoyable as the usual bad movie. the acting, filming, script, etc. are even worse than a low budget porno film: the sound is utterly horrible, the "plot" is completely incomprehensible, the "acting" is laughable....it is a complete waste of everyone's time and money. at least the porno film has porno to break up the monotony, while this ridiculous nightmare has a guy squeezing a rotten apple, and a "mad hatter's" tea party.the lighting is non-existent...many "scenes" take place in semi or complete darkness, which is probably just as well. the "writer-director" (i use the terms loosely), david tybor, tries to get kinky with bondage scenes...but the results would be laughable, if they weren't so pathetic. there is some nudity, but it is of such abysmal quality that it actually acts as a sexual suppressant. i could go on forever and not do justice to all the flaws and shortcomings of this truly awful waste of film.for the love of god, avoid this train wreck. i know that despite (or perhaps because of) my negative comments, you may still be tempted to see if this piece of trash is really as bad as i claim it to be....but trust me on this....it's even worse than i have said, and you will absolutely, positively regret the experience (and expense, if you waste your money on a purchase or rental).

i saw "rachel's attic," thinking that i would be in for an enjoyably visceral, ride. however, it was not to be the case. visceral, yes, but enjoyable? that would be a big, fat, no! in fact, the only reason that i gave it a "3," is due to the fact that gunnar hansen appears (ever so briefly) as one of the film's reprehensible characters. how they ever lured mr. hansen into this piece of...work, i'll never know. the story idea is interesting but poorly executed. the direction is pedestrian and the acting is mediocre. the only thing that is worse than that, are the special effects. yikes!!! i've seen better effects in a grade school play. give it up, mr. w, it's time for a career change...i hear they're hiring at mel's diner! there are very few, well made, inde movies coming out of michigan...and "rachel's attic" isn't one of them.

i rented this movie on dvd. i knew that the movie wouldn't live up to what it promised me on the back of the case, but once i saw that leatherface (gunnar hansen) was in it, i had to rent it. it starts off pretty good, with the premise being that snuff films are being aired over cable. however, the main character has nothing about her to make you feel sorry for her whatsoever, and the end of the movie really leaves you hanging. there are way too many unanswered questions. there was a great scene at the end that totally took me by surprise, but overall this is a very sub par movie, but i guess it was worth the $ 3.99 rental fee.

when i was at the movie store the other day, i passed up blonde and blonder, but something about it just seemed like it could possibly be a cute movie. who knows? i mean, i'm sure most people bashed romy and michelle before they saw it, blonde and blonder might have just been another secret treasure that was passed up. but when i started watching it: executive producer pamela anderson, wow, i knew i was in for something scary. not only that, but both of what were considered the pinnacle of hotness: pam anderson and denise richards, not to offend them, but they were not aging well at all and they're playing roles that i think were more meant for women who are supposed to be in their 20's, not their 40's. the story was just plain bad and obnoxious.dee and dawn are your beyond stupid stereotypical blonde's, they really don't have a clue when it comes to what is going on in the world, it's just really sad. but when the girls are somehow mistaken for murder assassins, the cops are on their tale and are actually calling the girls geniuses due to their "ignorance is bliss" attitudes. they are set up to make a "hit" on a guy, and they think they're just going to "show him a good time", but the real assassin is ticked and wants the case and to kill the girls.denise and pam just look very awkward on the screen and almost like they read the script the day before. i know that this was supposed to be the stupid comedy, but it was more than stupid, it went onto obnoxious and was just unnecessary. would i ever recommend this? not in a million years, the girls are just at this point trying to maintain their status as "sex kittens", it's more a sign of desperation and blonde and blonder is a huge blonde bombshell.1/10

how could i best express my feelings about this movie: hideous? a headache? lack of coherent writing? plain stupidity? try all of the above for this travesty. and that just for the direction.story? well i guess there is a story. two dumb blondes look for a job after they crash a plane into a golf course. they are mistaken for a 'world renounced assassin' (sarcasm) and are 'hired' by two 'mobsters'. one thinks "taking him out" means a date, and the other gets the minor actor she dreams of. and of course, the turtle reserve for the farting turtle, that they build with the casino winnings.sounds likes all this could be funny? guess again. they try to make it funny, but its not. filming sequences aren't well done. i've seen better filming in hong kong movies. visuals are average for a late 80s film. but the problem is that its a 2007 movie.not worth my time to ever watch this again. it still doesn't beat danny glover's "out" movie from the early 80s as the worst movie of all time, but then again that film is in a class of its own. "f"

there are bad movies, terrible movies even boring movies...i can watch most and put up until the end, not this time. avoid this like the plague, annoying music throughout, terrible editing, no comedy, its tackier than a novelty mug...my missus wanted to watch this thinking it would be legally blonde material or something kind of watchable, but never better than average, chick flick. its the first time she was begging me to push the stop button.the girls, well, they were not great to start with (denise done ok in starship troopers and wild things) but you have sank to the gravel. i feel like a mug having spent 30 minutes on this...pamela anderson is almost unrecognisable after much construction work to her face.please take my advice if you want to avoid wasting valuable oxygen and brain cells ranting at the utter mince that is on your screen.

what an appalling film. don't get me wrong, gene hackman and denzel washington are good actors, but aside from a few interesting set pieces, the film is mostly taken up with hysterical submariners shouting, crying, sweating and generally freaking out when anything goes wrong.take that with simplistic asides to make sure the audience still understand what's going on (the scene where denzel washington explains to a radio repairman how he must be like scotty in star trek is nothing more than a joke) and you have a dumbed down thriller not worthy of the acting.let us just hope that the real nuclear us navy is not in the hands of such a script!

before i comment on this movie i just watched on youtube, i have to admit that the reason i checked this out was to rewatch something i first saw on the tv ads in 1980: barbara bach's cleavage. and since the movie received an r rating, i expected to see her nude. alas, no dice for her or of the other gorgeous actress that appeared here: stacey nelkin who's supposed to be a teen but was actually 20 when she made this. seeing her in a bra and panty and later in a belly dancer outfit was just as arousing as ms. bach. they provide some of the scattered laughs this movie provides. in fact, i don't blame ron leibman for having his name removed from the credits since his role as the tight-fisted liceman is pretty embarrassing though i did like the "seduction" scene he did with ms. nelkin. this also happens to be the debut of ralph macchio who's the loner among the misfits sent to an academy school. the others are a black kid who really loves his stepmother and ms. bach, an arab who worships motor oil, and a politician's son who loves his girlfriend candy (nelkin's character) so much, he risks sneaking in the middle of the night see her in the girls academy. among the supporting cast, tom poston plays a swishy character named sisson who i found partly amusing. with a screenplay by tom patchett and jay tarses and direction by robert downey sr. (whose son robert downey jr. has a cameo early on in a soccer scene), up the academy is uneven with the politically incorrect humor but unless you're really offended at the scatological and sexual content, this is actually a pretty harmless comedy that mad magazine and its trademark cover boy-alfred e. newman-shouldn't be ashamed of even though they once had their name and character taken off the picture...p.s. another one of the "misfits" was harry teinowitz who was born in my birth town of chicago, ill. he played rodney ververgaert. he also says one of my favorite lines: "i'm trying to come."

if asked how i would define the word " shallow " i would reply " watch a jerry bruckheimer production " . if asked how i would define the phrase " wasted potential " i would reply " watch a jerry bruckheimer production " . bruckheimer productions are nearly always sure fire hits at the box office but nearly always receive critical pannings from the critics . off the top of my head i can only think of an officer and a gentleman and black hawk down getting a lot of critical acclaim . crimson tide too received some begrudging acclaim from critics , it`s certainly one of bruckheimer`s better films which alas isn`t saying much . the problem i had is the scenario that sets up the story : the russians are fighting the chechens and the conflict spreads through the whole of russia leading to an ultra nationalist russian to take over a nuclear missile base and threaten the west if they interfere . maybe the ending of the cold war had everything to do with it but i found this set up very unconvincing . it`s not helped by some errors in geography like the french carrier foch being in the med ( wouldn`t the foch be better positioned in the black sea ? ) or that the expositional newsreel consists of familar footage featuring conflicts from the balkans , the first gulf war and even vietnam . once again the adjective " very unconvincing " crept into my mind . the story does improve somewhat when the story proper - a battle of wills concerning orders between a nuclear submarine commander and his number two - gets underway . director tony scott does his best as do the cast , but the problem still lies in an unconvincing scenario . the worst thing is that if this had been made in the mid 1980s when ww3 was a real possibility - nay probability - this film would have terrified me , but after the cold war ended so had the dangers of nuclear war which means crimson tide has little impact .

we laughed our heads off. this script is so incredible you either zap to cnn or go to sleep.my dad was a sea captain for 30 years, he could not believe his eyes when he saw the movie.during his experience as an officer he once claimed command over the ship, the captain drunk 3 bottles of whiskey/daily and (sorry) s**t on his desk. of course this was not on a nuclear mission.for instance, the fire in the kitchen, fire is the most important thing on any ship, nuclear or not. to give a drill at that time is just hollywood script. when a captain is put under arrest, he is under arrest, you take all his keys and open the safe where the guns are kept. this is stored within minutes in a well guarded room. he cannot escape, it's just like in prison.funny thing is, my dad also had a dog on board, however, we see how hackman let him pee in the control room. this is not done, ever. my dad cleaned all the mess the dog made wherever he was.hackman and washington make the three stars this movie is credited for, all the rest is bulls**t.when we do know that 23 people were still alive on the koersk, this film gets an extra dimension.if you want to see a real thriller about a submarine rent: thas boat.

yep, lots of shouting, screaming, cheering, arguing, celebrating, fist clinching, high fiving & fighting. you have a general idea as to why, but can never be 100% certain. a naval knowledge would be an advantage for the finer points, but then you'd probably spot the many flaws. not an awful film & hackman & washington are their usual brilliant, but the plot was one you could peg pretty early on. i'm still waiting to see a submarine film where people get on with each other & don't argue, but then you probably wouldn't have a film.4/10

as a former submariner, this was one of the worst submarine movies i have ever seen. first of all, a mutiny aboard any us naval vessel, particularly a nuclear powered trident submarine in unthinkable. these men are the best of the best and are dedicated to their mission. the responsibility they carry is awesome and they take it very seriously all the way from the captain to the most junior crew member. i could never see a crew of any ship split their alliance between the captain and the executive officer. an executive officer who acted as the character played by denzel washington did would be relieved of his duties and court martialed, then drummed from the navy. it is no surprise the navy refused to send a technical adviser to help in making this film. lastly, if any member of a submarine crew made the amount of noise made underway on this vessel they would be severely reprimanded. submariners learn early in their career to be as quiet as possible to avoid detection. they don't slam doors and even speak quietly and wear soft soled shoes when underway. i was amazed at how loud they portrayed the crew while underway. loud music would never be tolerated. i know portraying submarine life in reality would not sell movie tickets, but this is over the top to the point of being ridiculous. i would not recommend this movie to anyone.

this movie is an insult to all submariners. it was stupid. it appeared to have been written by monkeys. the acting was absurd. if this is the view most people have of the navy, then i weep for our defense. this movie was awful. i put it below "voyage to the bottom of the sea" as far as submarine movies go. gene hackman must have really needed rent money to do this crap. denzel washington must have been high. little in the plot makes any sense. and the ending. for a mutineer to be rewarded for his crime? only hollywood would think of this garbage. if you haven't figured it out yet, i didn't like it. and if it wasn't for all the pro comments, i would not have bothered to post.

up until the last few minutes of the movie, i would have given the movie a score of 7 or 8 stars. however, the ending is so terrible and "hollywoodized" that it completely undermines the first 80% of the movie.the plot revolves around a submarine and the possibility that they received an order to fire their nuclear missiles. the captain, gene hackman, is all for launching, while his first officer, denzel washington, is in favor of confirming the launch orders first. the problem is, to launch both the captain and 1st officer must simultaneously use their launch keys. hackman is determined to launch and washington stands firm until eventually this results in armed insurrection aboard the sub. eventually, the mistake is discovered and the missiles are not launched. cool. however, here comes the part that just doesn't ring true. after they are back on land and go before a review board, washington and hackman (who'd just spent half the movie trying to kill each other) shake hands and are all buddy buddy! huh?! too trite an ending to make the movie worth while for me.

there were good performances by robin williams and others but the movie was dull overall and very disappointing compared to the positive reviews.i thought sy might become a serial killer who bores people to death: a forlorn guy in ugly clothes trails his victims around food courts, quoting oprah and reciting his medical history until they beg him to shoot them.i think the movie mostly appeals to egomaniacs who think strangers are interested in their photos. i expect most retail workers want a break from the customers.

spoilers (although none that aren't revealed in the first two minutes of the movie)robin williams is actually quite good in this as the friendly, lonely, emotionally stunted loser sy. he makes a very human, even sympathetic psycho, and really disappears into the character--no small feat for such a recognizable performer. too bad the rest of the movie is such a waste. the supporting performances (and performers) wouldn't look out of place in a soft-core porno (it doesn't help that every character but sy is made of 100% cardboard). at times, the director actually seems to be trying to frustrate suspense: we know from the very first moments a) that sy is a complete whack-job, b) that he survives, and c) that he gets nabbed by the cops at the end. so all we're left to ponder is the hows and the whys, and the answers provided aren't all that interesting.the plot is plodding and contrived, and features some nonsensical moments (for instance, the husband berates his wife for her expensive tastes, even though she seems to spend all her free time at the local discount superstore). about two thirds of the way through, sy does something so irredeemably stupid that it makes one wonder how much he actually cares about his grand revenge scheme. and the final clichéd explanation of his psychosis, right out of `peeping tom,' is a terrible copout.the dialogue is of the absolute worst sort. it's not overwritten, or awkward, or unbelievable, or bad in any other way that could be considered fun, even for bad-movie lovers. instead, every line is purely, hideously functional--it's as if the director handed a plot outline to a newspaper copywriter and said, `hey, i need a workable script on this--in an hour.' it made me want to scream, honestly.this movie seems to be a throwback to the suburban beware-the-help thrillers of the eighties and nineties (`the hand that rocks the cradle,' e.g.), and while it's certainly unpleasant, it's never really scary. sy's fetishism occasionally makes you feel uncomfortable, but on its own that's not enough to make the film work. in the end, lack of craftsmanship from everyone involved, except robin williams, sinks this one. 3 out of 10.

mad magazine may have a lot of crazy people working for it...but obviously someone there had some common sense when the powers-that-be disowned this waste of celluloid...the editing is el crapo, the plot is incredibly thin and stupid...and the only reason it gets a two out of ten is that stacy nelkin takes off some of her clothes and we get a nice chest shot...i never thought i would feel sorry for ralph macchio making the decision to be in this thing, but i do...and i really feel bad for ron leibman and tom poston, gifted actors who never should have shown up in this piece of...film...at least mr. leibman had the cajones to refuse to have his name put anywhere on the movie...and he comes out ahead...there are actually copies of this thing with mad's beginning sequence still on it...if you can locate one, grab it cuz it is probably worth something...it's the only thing about this movie that's worth anything...and a note to the folks at imdb.com...there is no way to spoil this movie for anyone...the makers spoiled it by themselves...

i used to love this movie as a kid but, seeing it again 20+ years later, it actually sucks. up the academy might have been ahead of it's time back in 1980, but it has almost nothing to offer today! movies like caddyshack and stripes hold-up much better today than this steaming dogpile. no t&a. no great jokes except for the one-liners we've all heard a million times by now.i recently bought the dvd in hopes that it would be the gem i remembered it being. well, i was way off! the soundtrack had only 2-3 widely-recognizable hits (not the smash compilation others had mentioned) and the frequent voice-overs were terrible. the only thing that was interesting, to me, was predicting what the character's lines were before they said them. yep, i watched this movie that much back then! the only reason i am writing this review is to give my two cents on why this movie should be forgotten, sorry to say. :(

a stale "misfits-in-the-army" saga, which half-heartedly attempts to be both surreal (the foreign subtitles) and vulgar (the flatulence gags), but just ends up being a mix of many different kinds of humor, none of them followed very successfully. barbara bach, the bond girl from "the spy who loved me", has only two or three brief scenes. what a waste! (*1/2)

the only thing i remember about this movie are two things: first, as a twelve year old, even i thought it stunk. second, it was so bad that when mad magazine did a parody of it, they quit after the first page, and wrote a disclaimer at the bottom of the page saying that they had completely disavowed it.if you want to see great sophomoric comedies of this period, try animal house. it's so stupid and vulgar it lowers itself to high art. another good selection would be caddyshack, the classic with the late rodney dangerfield and bill murray before he became annoyingly charming, with great lines like greens keeper carl spackler's "correct me if i'm wrong sandy, but if i kill all the golfers they'll lock me up and throw away the key."

a great opportunity for and indy director to make an interesting film about a rock musician on the brink of stardom. it could have been a decent film if it would have dealt with john livien's traumatic past and how it is torturing his psyche. instead, it is a ridiculous attempt to identify john livien's life with john lennon's. john livien's suicida mother's hero was john lennon and she wished for him to become as powerful and prolific as lennon himself. instead of focusing on john lennon's musical brilliance, and his wonderful ability to bare himself for others to learn something about their own life, it showed lennon's legacy to be that of a confused, drug addicted soul, who should looked upon as a god instead a man. i am a huge john lennon fan and this movie reminded me of another "crazy" person obsessed with lennon, lennon's killer , mark david chapman. lennon was a man who was brutally murdered by someone else who had an identity crisis with lennon. do we need to be reminded of that? john lennon gave so much to the world with his music and honesty and i was repulsed to see another disturbed person, as the main character in this movie obsessed by lennon, and not show his beautiful contributions to the world. yoko ono graciously honored john lennon's memory,by making the memorial in central park to give his fans a chance to pay their respects, and remember john. instead the director of this movie chose to use that site to have the killer attempt to commit suicide. i found this so disturbing and disrespectful to lennon's memory. he was a man of peace who died a brutal senseless death, and to see such violence near this site felt like a revisiting a terrible wound for any lennon fan. it ruined the movie completely for me . it could have been a decent movie, but it left me with a bitter taste in my mouth. let john lennon, and his family rest in peace and not be reminded of his vicious murder by this irresponsible movie.

yet another film about a tortured self-centered, arrogant, unfeeling hateful, self-destructive lead character we are supposed to care about.don't get me wrong i am very open to all kinds of off the wall movies that have as the lead character a strongly self-destructive character. what i object to about this one is that there is so little background to this guy. why did this guy hate himself and the world? had the script dealt with this more they might have managed to elicit some sympathy for him. as it is he just comes off as an unpleasant hateful character, not tragic, just hateful.after taking great pains to make this guy as crazy and anti-social as possible and making his fate as dark as possible the writer then has the nerve to make a happy ending....this is not the worst film i have ever seen but it is in there putting up a good fight! man! don't waste your time.

that's what my friend brian said about this movie after about an hour of it. he wasn't able to keep from dozing off. i had been ranting about how execrable it was and finally i relented and played it, having run out of adjectives for "boring". imagine if you will, the pinnacle of hack-work. something so uninspired, so impossibly dreadful, that all you want to do after viewing it is sit alone in the dark and not speak to anybody. some people labor under the illusion that this movie is watchable. it is not, not under any form of narcotic or brain damage. i would only recommend this to someone in order to help them understand how truly unbearable it is. don't believe me? gather 'round. granted, as a nation, we in america don't always portray middle eastern peoples in a tasteful manner. but how about a kid in a sheik outfit bowing in salaam-fashion to a stack of castrol motor oil bottles? you'll find that here. get it? the arab worships oil. i couldn't believe what i was seeing. having the kid fly planes into a skyscraper would've been more appropriate. who in their right mind would think that was a funny joke? it's not even close to "cleverly offensive". it just sucks and makes you want to punch whomever got paid to write that bit in the face. in the middle of the film, a five-man singing group called the "landmines" takes the stage at an officers' ball. okay- are you ready? the joke is they sing terribly and off-key. why did i write that in caps also? because the joke is pound, pound, pounded into your head with a marathon of horrendous sight gags. they start off mediocre enough; glasses cracking, punch tumblers shattering... then there is, i am 100% serious, a two-frame stop-motion sequence of a woman's shoes coming off. you read that correctly- the music was so bad, in one frame, the woman's feet have shoes on. in the very next- the shoes are off!!! get it, because the music was so bad, her shoes came off! what the f???? then there is an endless montage of stock footage to drive home the point that the singing is bad. if any human being actually suffered through this scene in the theater without running like hell, i would be astonished. this movie is honestly like a practical joke to see how fast people would bolt out the doors. robert downey sr. directs comedy the way his son commands respect by staying drug-free. badly. other things to watch out for:1. the popular music shoehorned in wherever possible. every time liceman appears, a really inappropriate iggy pop song plays. plus all the actors do their best to act like it got really chilly for some reason.2. barbara bach's criminally awful accent. she sounds like she's trying to talk like a baby while rolling a marble around on her tongue. there is no nudity, and there are several scenes where the boys all moan and writhe from a glimpse of her cleavage, like they're in a community school acting class and they've been directed to act like aroused retarded people. 3. liceman feeds his revolting dog a condom. remember; when this movie came out throwing in "abortion" and "condom" was seen as "edgy". 4. tom poston plays a mincing, boy-hungry pedophile, back when hollywood thought "pedophile" and "homosexual" were one in the same. flat-out embarrassing. 5. watch the ending. nothing is wrong with your vcr. that is actually the ending. tell me that doesn't make you want to explode everyone who's ever made any movie, ever. watch this at your own risk. up the academy has been known to actually make other movies, like the jerk or blazing saddles, less funny simply by placing the videotape near them.

i realize that living in the western plains of wyoming during the 1900s was brutal, in fact, it probably is still brutal today, but was it monumental enough to transform into a seemingly "made-for-tv" movie? also, women's rights were still budding in this nation during this time, so to find an independent woman determined to start fresh in this harsh territory, and still show the realism of the era … would it make for good viewing? honestly, i don't know. i have thought about this film for the past two days, and i still can't seem to muster the strength to say that it was a horrible film, yet i can truthfully tell you that it wasn't the greatest i have ever seen. from several hodgepodge styles of acting, to two mismatched actors playing devoid of emotion character, to some of the most gruesome pg rated scenes to ever come out of late 70s cinema, it is hard to fully get a good grasp on heartland. was it good? was it bad? that may be up for you to view and decide yourself, but until then, here are moments i enjoyed and desperately hated! this film continues to be a struggle in my mind because there were some very interesting scenes. scenes where i wasn't sure what the director was doing or which direction he was headed, but somehow still seemed to work well as a whole. i thought the story as a whole was a very interesting, historical tale. i do not know much about living in wyoming, especially during the early 1900s, so this film captured that image in my mind. the thought of very cold winters, no neighbors for miles upon miles, and this polaroid-esquire view untouched by corporate america. it was refreshing to witness and sheer breathtaking to experience (though the television). there were scenes that really stood out in my mind, like the cattle-branding scene, the pig slaughtering scene, and the saddening homesteader that didn't survive their journey, that just brought a true sense of realism to this story. director richard pearce did a great job of bringing the view of wyoming to the viewers, but i am not sure he brought decent players to accompany the view.while i will constantly compliment the scenery of this film, i had trouble coping with the actors that seemingly walked on the set and read their lines from cards on the side. rip torn seemed out of place in his role as clyde stewart, a loner that somehow finds a connection with conchata ferrell's elinore randall. the two as actors have no chemistry at all. their scenes that they share together are pointless and honestly void of any emotion. the pregnancy scene nearly had me in stitches because of the way these two "veteran" actors portrayed it. the brave elinore does what she has to do to get the child out of her, while clyde gives an approving nod when she is done. this is love? was it supposed to be love? i don't know, i think with stronger characters we would have seen a stronger bond, but with torn and ferrell, it felt like two actors just playing their parts. other scenes that just seemed to struggle in my mind were ones like when the frozen horse "knocks" on the door for food or shelter, the constantly fading and growing compassion that clyde had for elinore's daughter (i just didn't believe it), the lack of true winter struggle, and the entire land scene. the land scene especially because i needed more explanation on what elinore was doing, why she was doing it, and why clyde would build her a house if they were married! it was these simple events that if taken the time to explore, would have made for a stronger film.overall, i will go middle of the road with this feature. there were definitely elements that should have been explored deeper, such as the relationship between these two strangers and the ultimate homesteading goals of elinore, but they were countered with some beautiful scenes of our nation. these panoramic scenes which, in the span of 100 years, have changes from vast mountains to enormous skyscrapers. while there were some brilliant scenes of realism (starring cattle and pigs), i just felt as if we needed more. depth was a key element lacking in this film, which was overshadowed by marginal acting and a diminishing story. pearce could have dove deeper into this untapped world, but instead left open loopholes and clichéd western characters. ferrell carried her own, but torn was completely miscast. decent for a viewing, but will not be picked up again by me.grade: ** out of *****

one of the most disgusting films i have ever seen. i wanted to vomit after watching it. i saw this movie in my american history class and the purpose was to see an incite on the life of a farmer in the west during the late 1800's. what we saw were pigs being shot and then slaughtered, human birth, branding. oh and at the end there was a live birth of a calf and let me tell you that the birth itself wasn't too bad, but the numerous fluids that came out drove most people in my class to the bathroom. the story itself was ok. the premise of the story is a widow and her daughter and they move to the west to be a house keeper of this cowboy. they live a life of hardship and it is an interesting a pretty accurate view of life in the west during the late 1800's. but if you have a choice, do not see this movie.

when converting a book to film, it is generally a good idea to keep at least some of the author's intended tone or conveyed concepts, rather than ignoring the author altogether. while it is clear that the director had access to and went on the advice of elinore stewart's children, it is key to note that the children believed their mother to be a complete liar in regards to the good, enriching, strengthening experiences of homesteading her land. the book details her life on her and her husband's adjoining homesteads in the vast wyoming frontier; she chronicles daily adventures with her numerous friends and acquaintances, though they lived dozens of miles apart. the film, however, takes a standard stance for the time it was made, portraying this woman's experience as harsh, unforgiving, and nearly pointless. perhaps the director was bringing some of his vietnam war experiences with him to this movie (as some film aficionados have said), but it seems to be a lousy excuse for taking all the joy and beauty of the book and twisting it into a bleak, odious landscape devoid of friends or hope. don't waste your time with this movie; read the book instead.

i watched this movie as i liked the plot, a group of strangers are held captive trying to figure out how they're connected.the setting and the premise were obviously influenced by the first (and best) saw movie & although there wasn't much action the story moved at a relatively good pace.there was comedy relief ion the form of the two bickering 'alpha males' and it was a welcome surprise (for me anyway)to see melissa joan hart hasn't given up on acting yet.a few things let it down for me personally; 1. the paedophile was way over characterised making him get turned on by everything from children to dead bodies.2. mjh's line about her cop ex 'getting her into this' when in reality, he was the least deserving person to be there, he hadn't knowingly contributed to the events leading up to their capture.3. the ending..... what sort of movie just ends in the middle of something going on? there was no resolution, no cliff hanger, no obvious end... it just ends.and for that alone i dropped two stars off my rating. the first 2 points i would let slide but not the end!

i stumbled upon nine dead recently and read the current reviews thinking i could deal with an average movie. this movie however was slightly below average, yet watchable. the script was poorly written and the acting was at average for a b-level movie with a couple standing out as pretty good. the plot borders on that of saw, teach people what they did wrong in a situation and try to make them appreciate life more, but that is really where the comparison ends. nine dead tries to have heart and purpose behind simple ideas that are not new. the main fault that i found in nine dead, was the slap in the face to the viewer of flashbacks that occurred 3 minutes before in the film and were completely unnecessary and a completely inadequate ending that people won't see coming, in a bad way. barring any spoilers i have seen the worse of bad movies and even they didn't end this poorly. decent flick, bad acting and ending though...

sadly it was misguided. this movie stunk from start to finish. it was hard to watch because i used to watch clarissa explains it all every day on nickelodeon. i loved her. then the next thing i found she did a spread in maxim and she was gorgeous! i haven't really heard anything about her until i watched this movie on accident. i couldn't believe she would even let something like this be seen with her name all over it. everything about it was wrong but it still looked like someone somewhere in the team was trying really really hard to save a sunk ship. too bad.. i hope she continues to act and i would love to see her with a real cast in a real movie.

i read somewhere that when kay francis refused to take a cut in pay, warner bros. retaliated by casting her in inferior projects for the remainder of her contract.she decided to take the money. but her career suffered accordingly.that might explain what she was doing in "comet over broadway." (though it doesn't explain why donald crisp and ian hunter are in it, too.) "ludicrous" is the word that others have used for the plot of this film, and that's right on target. the murder trial. her seedy vaudeville career. her success in london. her final scene with her daughter. no part logically leads to the next part.also, the sets and costumes looked like b-movie stuff. and her hair! turner is showing lots and lots of her movies this month. watch any other one and you'll be doing yourself a favor.

i wanted to like this film, yes its a saw, blah blah blah ripoff but i like those films. if done well this had all the ingredients of being a good, not brilliant, but good film....unfortunately those ingredients had gone off! the acting was terrible, and this was first seen when the captives are introduced with their captor one by one (hoods taken off), the remarks and one liners are just terrible, yes i know, bad writing....but this is more than that, it was bad writing coupled with bad acting. two of the captives had been in a relationship with each other and did not even acknowledge this until a lot further into the film.....sorry, im even wondering why i am bothering to review this movie at all.i will end with plot holes, plot holes & more plot holes! disappointing!

the competition for the worst warner bros kay francis movie is stiff. i've only seen perhaps eight of them, but comet over broadway is the worst so far. the very best thing about it is that it's short. oh, and the orry-kelly gowns (of course) are fine. james wong howe's cinematography is not. kay francis throughout looks fat-faced and far less attractive than she normally does. minna gombell whom i don't know otherwise is good as a semi-tough "burlesque" dancer (it looked more like a fashion show than burlesque). the closing shot - kay francis and her child (when did the child learn that kay francis was her mother? did i doze off?) walking up a dirt path toward a prison painted in misty outlines on a sound stage drop is beyond ludicrous. the whole film is so cheap, so implausible and so careless that it feels infected by a sour cynicism on the part of everyone who made it: warner bros tossing garbage to dolts who don't know, in warner bros' cynical estimation of them, that what they're getting is garbage.

wow, the plot for this film is all over the place! there is so much plot and so many things that happen that it practically made my head spin!! and, as a result, none of it seemed particularly believable.the movie starts with kay francis as a housewife living in a small town. she's had some experience with local theater and has ambitions of going to broadway. when a big-time actor arrives in town, she pursues him in hopes that he can give her a career boost. but, her husband is worried about shenanigans--as this actor is a cad. so, the hubby bursts in on them and hits the actor--and the actor dies! as a result, he's convicted of first degree murder!!! not manslaughter, but murder 1! now, pregnant and in need of funds, kay goes to new york. but broadway jobs aren't to be found, so she's forced to take any job--even burlesque. unable to adequately care for her young daughter, she gives it to another woman to raise. however, eventually she does find a job in a real broadway play and everything looks rosy. but, the jealous diva starring in the play hates her for some inexplicable reason and forces her to be thrown off the play. despondent, she makes her way to england and becomes a real star. years later, she returns to new york to get her kid--but the child is older and thinks the woman caring for her is her real mother. at the same time, her husband's lawyer now thinks that if he gets $10,000 he can get the man out of prison. as another reviewer wrote, is this to bribe people?! how can $10,000 get him out otherwise--maybe it will buy a helicopter so they can fly into the prison yard and scoop him up!! wow--this is enough for 2 or 3 films! and, all this occurs by the 45 minute mark!!! believe it or not, there's quite a bit more to it. if you really care, see it yourself to find out how it all unfolds.this is sort of like 'kitchen sink writing'--throwing in practically everything and hoping, somehow, it will all work. unfortunately, the film turns out to be hopelessly unbelievable and mushy despite ms. francis' best efforts. it's the sort of film no one could really have saved thanks to a 2nd-rate plot. it's almost as if someone just took a few dozen plot elements, threw them into a box and then began randomly picking them in order to make a movie!! overall, unless you are a die-hard kay francis fan or love anything hollywood made in the 1930s, this one is one you can easily skip. not terrible but certainly not good.by the way, the child who plays francis' daughter upon her return to new york (sybil jason) really was terrible. i think she was supposed to be...i think.

2 stars for kay francis -- she's wonderful! and she didn't deserve this horrible tripe that warner bros. threw her way! the two-pronged premise that this movie is based on is ridiculous and unbelievable in the extreme. kay is a small-town wife and mother who yearns for something bigger: she wants to be an actress. when a big-shot actor comes to town and invites kay to his hotel to talk about possibilities, kay tells her husband she's going to the movies. the hubby's biddy of a mother puts a bug in hubby's ear that kay's not being truthful, and he sets out looking for her. he finds her w/ the actor in the hotel (they are only talking!) and he slugs the guy, who falls over a railing, lands face-first in a pond (lake?), and dies. now here's the two unbelievable premises upon which the rest of the movie is based: 1) the judge tells the jury that if it's determined that the man died *before* his head went into the water, that they must find the hubby guilty of first degree murder. (whaaaaa?????? i think slugging a guy in a fit of rage would count for manslaughter or murder 2 at the most, not first degree murder. give me a break! but the plot required him being found guilty of murder 1 so that he could be sent to prison for life. whatever.) 2) the hubby's lawyer, after the conviction and sentencing, tells kay that it's all her fault. his reasoning is that if she hadn't gone over to the actor's room, then her husband wouldn't have had to go after her and slug the guy and kill him. he tells her that she's the guilty one, not her husband, and she nods and agrees. what. the. hell?!?!?! the rest of the movie is all about kay trying to achieve fame and money in order to get her husband released from prison and right the wrong she committed by causing him to kill the actor dude in the first place.i can't even go on with this review. the movie was just all too painful. four years earlier, in the pre-code days, you'd never have caught kay playing such a wimp! in true kay francis fashion, though, she did do her best to make us believe that this woman was a believable character. i give her much credit for trying to breathe some life and credibility to this thankless role. this character was a far cry from pre-code kay roles and real-life spitfire kay francis.steer way clear of this one! there are much better kay francis vehicles out there! (from personal experience, i can highly recommend mary stevens, md and jewel robbery; also good are dr. monica and one way passage. i'm sure there's other great kay flicks as well, but i'm only mentioning the ones i've seen and can recommend.)

any time a movie is so myopic in its desire to present a particular ending or viewpoint that it simply doesn't bother with an actual story, it's annoying. those are the types of movies where the ending or viewpoint is conceived first, and the story simply tacked on. for this reason we often talk of the story "jumping through hoops" as it twists about, trying in vain to progress to the preordained ending in a logical fashion.the story in "comet over broadway" doesn't just jump through hoops, it's a three ring circus. it's so ludicrous, so ill-conceived, so disingenuous that, if you are prone to speaking aloud to the screen, you will be carrying on quite a rant before it's through.the central theme of this screenplay cesspool is that of a woman choosing between family and profession. since it's all so horribly muddled it will end up offensive to people of either opinion. so, in the end there's no point to the story, the theme becomes irrelevant and, as is often the case with poor screenplays, the acting doesn't save a thing.

it figures this is a french film, lol, with the emphasis on young girls with much older men...why is it the french are so fixated on this kind of thing? when the age difference is this great, it really comes off as pervy! valentina cervi is beautiful (she bears a strong resemblance to olivia hussey, of zeffirelli's '68 romeo and juliet, set in a similar period), but she looks about 15 and the actor playing tassi, her painting instructor, looks...well, 50 is kind.other posters have done the work of explaining the historical record (unusually detailed in this case) of the real artemisia, a great artist and one of the earliest recognized female painters of this period (17th century). her story speaks to us in modern times particularly because of the age-old accusation that "all great artists were men" -- she pretty much blasts that assertion to bits -- and because the story of her rape trial is so poignant. not only was she clearly assaulted, and forced into a degrading sexual relationship (because in those days marriage to your assaulter was the only way to avoid social shame), but tassi was a serial rapist and possibly killed his wife and child.the movie does a terrible disservice by inverting this truly fascinating and remarkable real life story -- very dramatic and not in need of any "spicing up" -- because in some weird frencified way, it's "hotter" to have an oversexed teenager drawing male sexual organs and having a hot love affair with a man old enough to be her grandfather. that's "sexy" -- the truth is boring and seems too feminist/politically correct.it also disturbs me that this is only part of artemisia life considered interesting enough to film. the fact that she painted for decades (her famous painting of judith beheading holfernes was painted after, not before the rape), that she was the first woman admitted to the prestigious florentine academy, that she went on to have children...oh that's boring stuff. after all, that's about a middle aged woman and they aren't "hot" like teenagers.i understand that there is a lot of creative license in making a film (or a book) about a real historical character. you need to create dialog, have subplots, create dramatic structure. certainly some details can be sacrificed -- it's no big deal if the dates are moved a few years, or if artemisia is played by a blonde actress (when we know from her self portraits that she was a brunette...and a big boned one, not a skinny minny), or something like that. but to turn her story around on her, and make rape into a romance is actually sick and disturbing. it's even worse because the director is female. she should be horribly ashamed of herself!if you like this (and i know some people could care less about the real woman artist and just like period costumes and hot sex), you will probably like "dangerous beauty" with rufus sewell and catherine mccormack. similarly based on heavily re-written history, with lots of heaving bosoms and jewel encrusted goblets: bon appetit!

i didn't think the french could make a bad movie, but i was, clearly, very wrong. as has been said before, this film essentially uses its title character as a point of departure; its portrayal of her life and person have little or nothing to do with the real artemisia gentileschi. the script is awful -- pretentious, stilted, and vapid -- and its rewriting of the facts is unusually offensive even in a genre that all too often makes its living by distorting, rather than retelling, history. along with some fairly decent set design, valentina cervi's physical charms are the primary asset of this movie, and it's obvious from the beginning that the filmmakers were aware of this too; they waste no time in contriving various "erotic" sequences which have far more to do with titillation than with plot or character development. unfortunately, the appeal of seeing a pretty young girl in a state of feigned sexual arousal cannot, and does not, sustain this movie. the acting is unremarkable, and the score is all too generic despite an interesting chord or two. the cinematography is ok, and there are some pretty colors, but there are also some pretty ridiculous sequences using distorted-lens effects more appropriate for a 1960s freakout movie than a costume drama. in any event, the script leaves the camera dwelling all too often on artemisia's body, and all too seldom on her paintings.all told, a near-complete failure. it's not intelligent or tasteful enough to be a serious film, and it's too slow and pretentious to work as soft-core pornography. so the french can fail, after all!

yes, this movie is a real thief. it stole some shiny oscars from avatar just because politicians wanted another war-hero movie to boost the acceptance (support?) for the wars u.s. is still fighting today. i do not really want to go here into politics, but come on, this is more clear than the summer sky. hurt locker does not really have anything outstanding, no real plot at all. i really feel myself in the 50's of hungary when the party told the people what to like and what not to like. the same propaganda movies were produced that time, only with the exception that those were black and white. even if we consider this title a reasonable piece of the "u.s. wars are cool" genre, you surely have much better movies to choose from.

i was looking forward to kathryn bigelow's movie with great anticipation after the endless hype and 6 oscars which it was awarded. unfortunately it really isn't a good movie. the depiction of the situation certainly seemed to be accurate and believable on all counts, but beyond that the story simply came across as incomplete and the direction of the movie appeared to be uncertain and haphazard. the actors put in a good effort, but for me i didn't really get what the movie was trying to be. it's not as atmospheric and gripping as full metal jacket, not as epic as band of brothers, not as action packed as...well, anything. i certainly can't see why it was nominated for so much, nor why people are 'hyping it up' to these epic proportions. mind you, given the calibre of movies in the last couple of years i suppose there's not a lot to choose from.

kathryn bigelow and mark boal are already preparing a sequel about a young us corporal in afghanistan. he also happens to be a highly-qualified surgeon and is roaming freely around kabul, operating on wounded nato soldiers. on a particularly difficult mission, he casually picks up a sniper rifle and shoots osama bin laden from a distance of about 3000 yards. he is then finally promoted to sergeant, but is unable to decide between a sniper and surgeon career, so he quits from the army altogether. one year later, frustrated with civilian life, he joins the navy and the last scene shows him proudly wearing a white uniform.

let's start by the simple lines. from the viewer's side, there a couple of good "director details", some points of view at the movie scenes that are nice. the special effects are good enough, a good acting/good scenery also. but the story is way too simple. it shows how a elite army bomb squad unit lives, acts and sometimes dies. it shows the drama of living in war. in my movie experience as a serious action movie "addicted" guy, i missed that click that gets my eyes and mind stuck on the screen. one of the things that need to be present in a movie in order to i consider it a good one is the ability of immerse the viewer in the movie reality and time. it didn't happened to me. i stayed "conscious", for the entire movie.honestly speaking, i think that this movie gained its place in fame based on the "subconscious" appeal of american patriotism, a healthy and genuine feeling, but not the adequate use as a movie fame generator. more than a movie about war, it grows its popularity based on that.a simple thought: if this was a world war ii or i movie, only changing time, with everything remained the same, would it be this awarded? sure not. why? because there are great ones that elevate the bar way to high.compared against its rivals in the oscars, i don't think that all of the prizes it won are correctly awarded.

i went to see this movie simply to see what all the hype is about, and i was as disappointed as surprised about how it got 6(?) oscars and 7.9 rating on imdb as of today.kathryn bigelow should be the luckiest director ever to win the best picture and best direction oscar for this sort of a really really bad movie and i wonder why? did the totally unrealistic 'cowboy' bomb disposal-man storyline mean anything to somebody that i failed see? why did i keep getting the mental image that this movie was a remake of some old bad western movie about a cowboy doing 'brave deeds' in the wild wild west infected with 'evil' red indians; but just that it was set in a different background this time? was it given the oscars because the director being ex of james cameron, and made it a nice underdog (gossipy) story for day time tv shows to munch on? or was it some sort of emperor's clothes syndrome - where most people realized it was junk but just couldn't say so because others didn't seem to be saying it out aloud?and finally what was with that sniper scene where they showed the shell casing dropping in high-resolution-super-slow-mo as if to convey a 'deep message' or something? something in the lines of 'eod guys make good snipers all of a sudden and they will get the filthy terrorists all the time'? was it just me who felt like there were so many bits and pieces here and there in the movie squeezed in for no apparent reason? and you can get the oscars for editing and directing for that??if you haven't seen this yet, don't waste your money on tickets. wait till they run it on tv in a few years. you are not going to miss much.

i was disgusted by this movie. no it wasn't because of the graphic sex scenes, it was because it ruined the image of artemisia gentileschi. this movie does not hold much truth about her and her art. it shows one piece of art work that she did (judith beheading holofernese) but shows that being entered as testimony in the rape trial when she did not paint her first judith for a year after the trial.i don't know if you understood this from the movie, probably not, tassi was not a noble character. he raped artemisia. it was not love, it was rape. he did not claim to accept false charges of rape to stop her from suffering while she was tortured. according to the rape transcripts he continued to claim that he never carnally knew artemisia (aka had sex with) while she states over and over again "it's true".i encourage all of you people to go out and find about the real artemisia and see what she is really about. don't base all of your knowledge on this fictional movie. i encourage you to do some research, artemisia really does have interesting story behind her and some amazing art work.don't see the movie, but find out the true story of artemisia.

when i saw the preview, i thought: this is going to be a great movie. and indeed it could have been. the actress playing the main character was very credible, and the beauty of the filming is undeniable. however the dialogues cast a dark shadow on the whole picture. the level of language was too familiar and too contemporary for an action taking place in 1610, and it took away most of the magic of the film. however, i must congratulate the translator, because the english sub-titles were more refined and appropriate that the original french cues, and it probably explains the good rating the movie received on the imbd!

for the life of me i can not understand the blind hype and devotion to this totally unbelievable movie......and i think i have the qualifications to say so.... i am a former special operations soldier with 14 years in the "lifestyle" ... this movie was totally totally unreal and obviously written by someone that did very little research into life in the army, in combat or at a team or platoon level.three eod guys trouncing around bagdad on their own????? get real... no chain of command????? get real... eod clearing buildings??? get real....eod/ military intelligence / sniper qualified buck sergeant???? get real.... wait... i shot and killed a bad guy and then let two guys take me without firing another shot or being injured at all???? get real....i carjack an iraqi civilian, while i am only armed with a 9 mil, break into another civilians house, get punked by his wife then make it back to camp on foot in the middle of bagdad at night without as so much as a scratch or confrontation???? get real...there is absolutely no adherence to military protocol {army} and no resemblance at all to any army unit that i have even encountered. totally unbelievable and disrespectful to the men and women of eod who contrary to this poor film are not wild adrenaline seeking yahoos but extremely qualified professionals doing an incredibly hard job.

i really liked zb1. really, i did. i have no problem with extremely low-budget movies, and i have enjoyed movies with worse production values than zb3 (if you can imagine such a thing. check out 'wiseguys vs. zombies,' if you're interested). indeed, i prefer lower budget zombie films, because i am suspicious that hollywood directors do not understand what zombies are 'about.'but zb3 was just so bad. it was retarded. i don't want to bother being dignified in my criticism. i want my 90 minutes back, etc. except that it really only took ~80 minutes, because partway through i put it into 1.4x fast forward.okay, here's some criticism.1. the pacing was terrible. everyone talked in monologues. even when someone just had a single line, the camera work and the editing and the insertion of a bunch of f-bombs into every sentence made the line feel like a monologue. at first i was excited about the 90 minute running time compared to zb1's 70 minutes, but there were actually fewer 'events' in zb3. it's all talking.2. the gore effects got stupider. just glop rubbed around on people's tummies.3. despite the epic exposition, there really wasn't a plot. and the exposition is indeed epic! i won't spoil it, if you're going to watch it. (don't watch it.) but then, it's just a bunch of lame characters walking around and bickering for ~80 minutes. or fewer, if you so choose.

why in the world would someone make this piece of trash movie? the first two zombie bloodbath movies were stupid enough, but this takes the cake for the worst of the trilogy (perhaps of all time). todd sheets is still the director, but no longer the screenwriter, which isn't a negative or a positive, considering he's just as untalented as the guy who wrote this one. the writing is too heavily reliant on the f-word, which is used somewhere between 200 and 300 times at nausea. the acting is about on par with the last two bloodbath movies, so naturally, it's some of the worst i've ever seen. the special effects are better than the last 2, but they still look godawful. the plot has become too complicated for it's own good, and was about some government experiment gone wrong and zombies being produced. also featured is cryogenically frozen mutant zombie and school kids that know how to time travel, leading to one of the most idiotic endings i've ever seen. after the movie it goes to outtakes, which is strange because this whole movie is an outtake. only see this to make fun of it, because if you go into this with a serious mind, you might possibly kill yourself.my rating: bomb/****. 95 mins.

you've got to admire director todd sheets for his dedication, drive and enthusiasm when it comes to movie-making: between 1985 and 2000, he made a whopping 34 films. unfortunately, if his zombie bloodbath trilogy is anything to go by, they're probably all crap (and a quick look at their imdb ratings seems to verify my hunch).part 3 sees a group of obnoxious students finding detention a little more eventful than usual after they are attacked by hordes of the living dead, who have escaped from a top-secret army base located directly beneath their school. working from a dreadful script by brian eklund (which relies heavily on liberal use of the f-bomb) director sheets delivers yet another embarrassingly amateurish effort featuring some mind-numbingly awful performances from his talent-free cast, dreadful visual effects (some crap cgi and what looks like the front of a giant cardboard space-shuttle) and his trademark shoddy gore (handfuls of offal pulled from beneath his victims' clothing).finally, after what seems like an eternity watching irritating characters running for their lives, and unconvincing undead people fondling animal innards, zombie armageddon finishes with a time-travel/paradox twist ending which forces viewers to re-watch several torturous minutes from the beginning of the film. honestly... once was enough, mr. sheets—what have we done to deserve having to watch it again?

this flick was a blow to me. i guess little girls should aspire to be nothing more than swimsuit models, home makers or mistresses, since that seems to be all they'll ever be portrayed as anyway. it is truly saddening to see an artist's work and life being so unjustly misinterpretated. inconcievably (or perhaps it should have been expected), artemisia's entire character and all that she stands for, had been reduced to a standard hollywood, female character; a pitiful, physically flawless, helpless little creature, displaying none of the character traits that actually got her that place in history which was being mutilated here. sadder yet, was to see that a great part of the audience was too badly educated in the area to comprehend the incredible gap between the message conveyed in the film, and reality. to portray the artist as someone in love with her real-life rapist, someone whom she in reality accused of raping her even when under torture, just plain pisses me off. if the director had nothing more substantial to say she should have refrained from basing her story on a real person.

horrible, horrible tv show! why comedy central decided to repeat old episodes of this program is beyond me. it really sucks! i am, of course, speaking about the seasons after the first two. the first two seasons were golden, and if i was exclusively talking about those seasons, this show would have gotten eight out of ten stars. none of the comedians appearing after the first two seasons who were not part of the original cast are any good. they were, and are, awful. the comedy is not funny at all. at all!!! the original cast was full of very talented comedians, like artie lange, phil lamarr, and mary schorr (or whatever her name is), all of whom should have gotten better deals after they left mad tv. this show is highly overrated, and less worthy of your channel surfing time than saturday night live, another horrible show. go out on saturday night and have fun, and leave mad tv to wither and die, as it deserves to.

in the glory days of the 90s (god rest its soul) you could turn on the great comedy central at any hour of the day and see the greatest sketch comedy show of all time saturday night live. whpat a glorious show that was, whether it was the original not-ready-for-primetime players or the second golden age of snl featuring the greats- chris farley, adam sandler, david spade... and then, it all went to hell. i was first exposed to madtv about a year and a half ago, and i think i must've passed out from shock. how could a show so terrible prevail for so long? there are so many horrible flaws. i suppose i'll start with the writing. the writing, for most part, is terrible. it is nothing more than kindergarten bathroom humor. the cast, for the most part, is talentless. there are a few sketches i have enjoyed, such as some of ms. swan and stuart, and there are a few talents on the show such as the magnificent alex borstein. phil lamarr is a talented actor, just not as a comedian. although there a few sparse ha ha moments, they are not enough to redeem this endless line of horrible drivel populated by babbling idiots. miss this one.

this show is one of the worst shows of all time! absolutely no original jokes and they're always a year late. like in 2009 they will finally say something about michael vick's dogfights. all of the cast members are people who wanted to be on s.n.l but had to go to the lowest of the low, mad tv.its an hour of mad magazine jokes witch aren't funny to begin with, told by terrible john stewart wanna bees. so if you have any problem tell me id love to hear the opinion of the 3 people who watch this show. family guy put it well "osama bin ladin was hiding in the one place no one would look, the cast of mad tv. there is a reason why no one watches the show.

why oh why don't blockbuster movies simply stick to their selling point? everyone in the cinema, young and old, was there to see talking animals make jokes, and whilst they did that we were all happy... and then, as with lost in space, came the two killer blows - plot and sentiment. who really cared what happened to the tiger or whether eddie murphy made up with his daughter? not me, that's for sure.

everyone involved with this project should be ashamed as to the result of their efforts. oh. i laughed a coupe of times , but i laughed a couple of times during schindler's list also. they really screwed up a good premise.

i just did not enjoy this film. but then i loved babe, a pig in the city and have been spoiled by talking animal films that are exceptionally well done in every way. the animals were not likeable. they were all irritating especially chris rock's guinea pig, but then what could i expect, it's chris rock. i believe i smiled once or twice at a couple cute lines, but that's it.

i have a feeling that dr. dolittle was intended for an audience composed entirely of children. i think i would have had a better time if i sat at home and watched a sit-com. my favorite characters in the movie were the pet hamster and the two alley mice.

just what we need! another remake of vintage hollywood cinema, with eddie murphy miscast again in his second time around after the nutty professor (1996)! this shows why we're running out of special ideas in making a quality movie, ladies and gentlemen! it has some signs of hope for its likeable and delightful imagery of animals who can act and speak with humans. things can only get more worse, unfortunately. bathroom jokes and sexual references kill this piece of "family" funfare instantly. even parents and children saw the trailer ad on the family channel, which was followed by utter angst and disgust in the movie theater. sad to say this is the more progressive pre-millennium era, but enjoy it while it lasts 'cause things can only get worse with time. more went wrong with the all-new dr. dolittle. it is absolutely plotless, feeling too flat. i also hate that irritating voice of chris rock!!! we need more talented voice-overs than a bunch of overpaid celebs who don't want to declare bankruptcy. i'll have to agree on my local newspaper giving this among the top five worst movies of 1998. then again, the original version wasn't any good, either. murphy's next project could be patton if he's not careful!

at first i thought that it was just about eddie murphy talking to some stupid animals. i was right. some people called this movie eddie murphy's comeback! who are these people? jesus if this is the best he can come up with he can just stay away. what was the story again? i was so annoyed by all the lame jokes i forgot. i should have walked out on this one.

this film failed to explore the humanity of the animals which left me with an empty feeling inside. [spoiler ahead] i was not convinced that dr. d really had a compelling reason to forego the big buyout deal to help his furry friends. whereas babe (the original) bucked the trend of big-budget hits by focusing on the human virtues of the animals vs. their humans counterparts, all the animals in this film were nothing more than comical caricatures which one would gladly stuff in the meat-grinder (even more so if one could understand their pointless babble). without eddie murphy's zany behavior, this film would be a flop.

what did the director think? everybody who has read the biography of artemisia is left impressed by her guts to face a public rape trial in renaissance times and even suffer torture in order to show that tassi was guilty. that fact shows the real independence and emancipation - in her most terrible hour she stands her man. why do movies depicting renaissance have to be so clinically beautiful and romantic, are we afraid to see the gritty side of life or has the hollywood happy-happy-mood won? while i would always defend a director's freedom to create his own reality in a movie i cannot make sense of turning artimisia's life story on its head. very disappointing choice by the makers of this film.

the movie is bad. nothing special - just a "kid" movie with no serious thing in it. there is though one reason to watch this for: the animal talk. some of them are so funny in what they say, you just can't stop laughing. so if you want to hear a dog in the dog pound saying "i'm keyser soze", or another animal saying "you're a dead cat walking", or many other funny one liners, see it. cause there's no other good movie to watch it. vote: 4 out of 10.

...and that's why hard to rate. from the adult point of view (hmm, student point of view:)). i must say i fell nearly asleep here. sure, there is some laughing scene (all the credit takes here eddie), but that can't save the disney type of script and whole movie, that's why2 out of 10

production line collection of fart jokes that pretends 'babe' was never made; the writers clearly hoped that the gimmick of seeing animals talk would be enough to keep the movie going. it's not. eddie murphy sells out yet again as a doctor who rediscovers his forgotten childhood gift for understanding the incessant and witless chatter of guinea pigs, tigers, rats, dogs and pigeons. the voice cast is impressive (albert brooks, julie kavner, reni santoni, john leguizamo, garry shandling, ellen degeneres, paul reubens, brian doyle-murray) but the script is so unimaginative, charmless and depressingly unfunny that the whole thing rattles down the bin chute pretty quickly.

this is definitely a stupid, bad-taste movie. eddie murphy stars in what is written like a sitcom. he is surrounded with his perfect family, full of good family values. if you're looking for politically correct entertainment, this movie is for you. but if you hate the idea of being the only one not to laugh at obscene gags in a movie-theater full of pop-corn addicts, just flee.

too bad neither the animals or eddie murphy had anything to say worth saying. this movie is just bland.children's movie? well, if you're trying to get them to take a nap, then maybe. it's just 90 minutes of some eye-wrenchingly poor animal lip animation to quips that aren't funny. and the lip-sync'ing makes the old godzilla films look brilliantly done by comparison. meanwhile, eddie "pluto nash" murphy drones on with a suppressed understated delivery that is painful to experience. apparently, he's trying to modify his old manic persona, but to what? in short, all the magic and wonder of the 1967 original version is lost in this re-imagining, or whatever it is. a town wants to bully some forest creatures and blame them for doing bad stuff. no, really. and pluto nash can psycho-babble with them. things chain along with some stale jokes to a dull uninspired conclusion with no surprises.rent the '67 movie. or some old yogi bear cartoons.

my grandmother took me and my sister out to see this movie when it came out in theaters back in 1998, and so we happily bought the tickets, the popcorn and soda, and walked right in to the theater and sat down to watch the movie. when it was over, the audience didn't applauded strongly, i remember that i heard a few people say that they didn't like it at all, i didn't like it, i thought that it was rather stupid, and not worth seeing. eddie murphy was hysterical in this, but apart from him, the whole movie was bad, i rarely laughed at the parts in this, i also remembered that the other people in the theater almost hardly even laughed. and what i really thought was bad was making the animals talk, because talking animals only exist in cartoons, in live action movies, they are totally a mutt! i said that apart from eddie murphy's hysterical twist he brings in, this movie is not worth watching, it is rather stupid.i have seen eddie murphy in several of movies and i thought that he was funny in those, i have just said that he was the only funny part of this movie, i also have not seen eddie murphy in the really "great" movie, the adventures of pluto nash. this movie is not a movie that i would really recommend that you see, because apart from eddie murphy, you probably are not going to like this, especially because of a lot the the talking animals in it! i'll give this movie a rating of 3 stars out of a possible 10 stars.

...when he remade broadway bill (1934) as riding high (1950). recasting bing crosby as dan brooks did not help a screenplay that was 'dated' in 34 let alone 50. this sad film has entire scenes lifted from the original with many of the supporting cast repeating their roles, unless they were dead. though being older did not seem to matter to the director. nor that the cars and clothes in the background plates from 1934 did not seem match up too 1950s' standards. not even 'der bingel' singing can redeem this effort.we rated both the original and the remake imdb four****stars. frank's touch was long gone and all that was left was capra-corn. that did not stop mr. capra though. after floundering around the 50's making some educational documentaries he wound up his career remaking lady for a day (1933) as pocketful of miracles (1961). again a fine cast was let down on that imdb six******star effort compared too the originals eight********stars. sometimes it is better to quit while you were still ahead, right after state of the union (1948).

an awful film! it must have been up against some real stinkers to be nominated for the golden globe. they've taken the story of the first famous female renaissance painter and mangled it beyond recognition. my complaint is not that they've taken liberties with the facts; if the story were good, that would perfectly fine. but it's simply bizarre -- by all accounts the true story of this artist would have made for a far better film, so why did they come up with this dishwater-dull script? i suppose there weren't enough naked people in the factual version. it's hurriedly capped off in the end with a summary of the artist's life -- we could have saved ourselves a couple of hours if they'd favored the rest of the film with same brevity.

the acting is good, the women are beautiful, and the men are handsome, so if you're looking for well-acted soft porn, this movie is for you. otherwise, you are wasting your time. the motivation of the main characters, in particular the eponymous lead, is often a mystery. she could have just told the truth - the truth as presented in the film, not necessarily the historical truth - and her lover would have been spared time in jail for a rape he did not commit. was she protecting her father, who went off half-cocked, as it were, when he impetuously instigated a malicious lawsuit? was she protecting herself, with her reputation suddenly of concern when heretofore only her art seemed to matter? during the trial, this strong-willed woman turns to mush before our eyes. conversely, her lover, who starts off as a narcissistic jerk, becomes a selfless hero during the trial. at least his motivation is clearer: he sacrifices himself for love. naturally, since no good deed must go unpunished, we are told that she never sees him again.

artemesia takes the usual story about the art world, eg, "you can't paint that! but i want to!" and plasters it with sex and scandal to make the whole film, well, interesting, but not remarkable.the story is about one of the first female painters around, artemesia who course, is fiercely independent, but just can't stop thinking of men, and their bodies… for artistic purposes of course. she soon gets private tutoring from one of a well known artist, but soon tutoring becomes much more then art, and soon after that, scandal erupts! funny how they could take a historical biography and make it almost into a soft-porn fantasy. i mean, was artemesia that much of a man-hungry person? also, it's quite funny when she's insisting that she "paints for herself!" yet falls for the first person she sees.actually, the story itself is quite fascinating, and it ends with a trial, which i always love. but i wasn't too crazy about the male lead who played her teacher, who looked rather like the person someone like that wouldn't fall for. i woulda gone for the young fisherman :p

in a way, corridors of time is a success story because the movie reaches its goal : being seen by thousands. but it fails at making them laugh...les visiteurs has had its success, because the subject was an original way of considering the time travel : forget about zemeckis's back to the future, here comes the old france, the middle-age knight and its nearly barbaric way of life. full of pride, funny thanks to the ancient words he uses, montmirail can sometimes be disgusting but he keeps his honor. then comes the sequel.nobody had foreseen the tremendous success of les visiteurs, the first. and it's no use being a movie expert to realize that the corridors of time has been made for money.the general story begins after the end of les visiteurs, and immediately tries to justify the sequel with a time paradox that would have needed some second tought. explanation : it's no use trying to get back the jewelry jacquouille has stolen ; don't you remember this nice red shiny and expensive car he bought at the end of the 1st episode ? where do you think he found the money ? selling the jewelry... and that's only one of many holes poiré tries to avoid... and fails.let's have a look at the characters : montmirail doesn't change, he's just a little more boring. regarding frenegonde... that's another story : valérie lemercier decided not to compromise herself in this sequel to avoid getting stuck in the bourgeoise role. and muriel robin tries to imitate her in a way that i found so pitiful i nearly felt pain for her. and poiré doesn't realize that a cast of humorists isn't enough to make a good comedy.forget about the time travels, about the digital effects, concentrate on the story and you'll see that there's enough room on a mail stamp to write it 10 times.the main interest of this film is the landscapes. a movie for youngsters, let's say up to 13 years old.

les visiteurs, the first movie about the medieval time travelers was actually funny. i like jean reno as an actor, but there was more. there were unexpected twists, funny situations and of course plain absurdness, that would remind you a little bit of louis de funes.now this sequel has the same characters, the same actors in great part and the same time traveling. the plot changes a little, since the characters now are supposed to be experienced time travelers. so they jump up and down in history, without paying any attention to the fact that it keeps getting absurder as you advance in the movie. the duke, jean reno, tries to keep the whole thing together with his playing, but his character has been emptied, so there's not a lot he can do to save the film.now the duke's slave/helper, he has really all the attention. the movie is merely about him and his being clumsy / annoying / stupid or whatever he was supposed to be. fact is; this character tries to produce the laughter from the audience, but he does not succeed. it is as if someone was telling you a really very very bad joke, you already know, but he insists on telling that joke till the end, adding details, to make your suffering a little longer.if you liked les visiteurs, do not spoil the taste in your mouth with the sequel. if you didn't like les visiteurs, you would never consider seeing the sequel. if you liked this sequel... well, i suppose you still need to see a lot of movies.

i can enjoy a guilty pleasure vigilante flick, but this is just bad. and not bad in a way you might enjoy seeing mst3k make fun of it. it's just nauseatingly bad like you can't find anything to enjoy about this no matter how hard you try. i truly regret wasting 2 hours of precious life on this crap. you can tell by watching it that no one was asked to act and everyone in it knew this film would only bury their careers. apparently "walking tall" has garnered enough income that someone decided they could make a buck off their investment. if it's not the worst film i've seen, it's so bad that it's blotted the worse films from my memory.

one of the worst movies i've seen shoddy camera work, crappy filter usage, film was grainy, script was terrible, i mean come on, how predictable was the big battle at the end.....some of the fight scenes were okay i guess....some scenes were so bad it was comical ...like sorbo getting the horse and riding at the end...lol i mean really ..a horse? oh cant forget how the bad assassins roll around in the same vehicle throughout the entire movie..one would think that after killling key witness and federal agents, they woulda been tracked down..etc, etc really don't bother watching it...

this movie is just another average action flick, but it could have been so much better. when the guns come out they really needed some choreography help. someone like andy mcnabb - who made that brilliant action sequence in heat as they move up the street from the robbery - would have turned the dull action sequences into something special. because the rest of the film was alright - predictable but watchable - better than you would expect from this type of movie. then came the final scene, the show-down, the one we had been waiting for, but was like watching something from the a-team in the 80s. they shoot wildly, nothing hits, and they run around a house trying to kill each other - same old, same old.

went to watch this movie expecting a 'nothing really much' action flick, still got very disappointed. the opening scene promised a little action with a tinge of comedy. it keeps you hooked for the first half coz till then you are expecting that now its time for the action to kick in. well, nothing of that sort happens. the movie drags and the ending just thumps you down to a point that you get annoyed.wonder what was the director thinking. made no sense watsoever. the movie lacked in all aspects, had no real storyline and it seemed very hollow, even if "rambo" was in it, i don't think he could have helped the rating at all. there is simply no logic to the movie. a perfect way to waste your time and money. by far the most irritating movie i have ever seen and i am sure there will b others who'll have the same viewpoint after enduring it. definitely not for people who have a little movie sense left in them.

good movies are original, some leave a message or touch you in a certain way, but sometimes you're not in the mood for that. i wanted something simple, no thinking just plain action when i watched this one. it started of good and was quite entertaining, so why a bad review. well in the end the movie lost it's credibility. the storyline wasn't that cheesy at all, the action was not too special but overall good, acting was ok, so more than enough to satisfy my needs. but all got ruined because things happened that were over the top, and it left me with a bad feeling. they should have put a little more effort in making everything credible and would have gotten a 7 in the "no thinking just plain action" category. so in conclusion if you know you'll get irritated because things are happening that seem completely illogical: don't watch! otherwise i'd say go ahead...

i basically skimmed through the movie but just enough to catch watch the plot was about. to tell you the truth it was kind of boring to me and at some spots it didn't make sense. the only reason i watched this movie in the first place was to see chace crawford!!! he is so hot, but in this movie his hair was kind of weird. but still hot.however, despite how hot chace is, it really did not make up for the film. i guess the plot isn't that bad but what really threw me over was the fact that they cuss in like every sentence. is it that hard to express your anger without saying the f word every time?the cussing was annoying and the whole flashy, camera shaking thing gave me a headache.all in all, although the plot was ok, i found the film to be a bore and over dramatic. that's why i only cut to scenes with chace in it. lol anyways, not worth renting unless your a die-hard fan of a specific cast member like i was. oh yeah the cast was hot. the girls were hot!!! but chace is the best!!

as a movie critic for several dutch websites, i have to see lot's of movies, and not all very good ones. some movies are so bad, you won't be surprised that they are released straight on video. with taboo, iám surprised that it is released on video at all. this is really low budget bad quality bad written rubbish. a group of youngsters plays a game of taboo. they write down their most sickening wish or act, and later on people are murdered for their taboo's. the question is, should we believe what we see?the movie has a potential interesting plot-twist, and i won't give it away here. but what could have been interesting stays stupid, bad acted and without any reason.some of the actors have played in bigger titles before, so why on earth did they sign up for this? if you see this anywhere, try to dodge it. there is no logic, no human sense of quality in this movie.

the name of nick stahl, the young cast and the attractive cover of the vhs made me buy and watch this flick, expecting to see a good teen slash movie. what a crap! the full of clichés screenplay, the dialogs and the performances are awful, dreadful, very bad, terrible, horrendous – summarizing, a complete waste of time. there is no horror, black humor, only an absolutely boring story, with shameful plot points. the film begins with six characters, indeed three couples, together like a group of friends, but indeed very nasty persons that seems to be enemies, playing a ridiculous senseless game called "taboo", and with each one of them writing yes or no for certain taboo issues. that is it: no previous development of the characters, the viewer does not know who they are, their motives and relationship. then, there is an ellipsis to one year later, and the same group is gathered together in a new years eve party, insulting each other in a very sordid way. but the plot and the twists are so ridiculous, predictable, mediocre and unbelievable that do not deserve any additional line in my review. one advice only: do not waste your time or money on this garbage, you will certainly regret. my vote is one (awful).title (brazil): "taboo – jogando com o assassino" ("taboo – playing with the killer")

just finished this movie... saw it on the video shelf and being a nick stahl fan i just had to rent it. in all honesty, it probably should have stayed on the shelf. the concept was an interesting one and there were several fairly smart twists and turns but somehow i guessed almost all of them before they came along. and the movie just went a little too far in the end in my opinion... if you have to suffer through a viewing of it you'll see what i mean!on a positive note, nick stahl's acting was great (especially considering what he had to work with). eddie kaye thomas was also good but he always plays the same type of character... too much paul finch from "american pie" coming through for my liking.and finally, the worst part of this movie has to be january jones' emotionless performance... i guess a pretty face really is all that matters in hollywood.

i rented this film just to see amber benson, though after reading the box i thought it sounded like a good story.....however the first problem was that there really wasn't a story...or actually there was a story but it made absolutely no sense. the second problem was there was no set up for these characters...yes i got that they all went to school together, but within the first 3 minutes of the film you realized they had nothing else in common and didn't like each other...so why did they keep getting together. flaw number 3...the director though long pauses and tight camera shots equaled suspense (especially with the typical suspense music dubbed in)...he was sadly mistaken. it was painful to watch a terrific actress like amber benson waste time trying to bring this back to life....my only hope is the money she made here was put toward producing her own film.

this film was a waste of time, even rented on dvd. if super-speedy camera shots get any faster than this, we might as well pay twenty bucks to get in the laundromat, get popcorn, and watch the dryer spin. jet li is so much better than this. one can only hope that he won't be making deals anytime soon to make another cliche-ridden film like the one.if there's one film you should avoid, this is "the one".

contrary to most other commentators, i deeply hate this series.it starts out looking interesting, with mysterious aliens and giant robots, and i kept my hopes up until the very last episode. at the end of it, i still didn't understand what the alien attacks were all about (maybe i missed something, who knows?), and realized that i had sat through 26 episodes consisting mainly of the characters' own self-hating, selfishness and self-pitying. it actually flips between alien/robot fights and these dark, depressing blinking-on-and-off scenes where one or more characters can just say or shout "i hate me/you/it" 10-12 times in a row.i can't really see either shinji or asuka (two of the main characters) showing growth or change. (nor can i see any of the other characters learning or growing either, for that matter.) i wanted to kick them and tell them to get a bloody life during the first episodes, and the feeling didn't change during the last ones. shinji truly possesses the kind of helpless hopelessness that makes people angry rather than charitable, and asuka is such an infuriating know-it-all that i wanted to smash the tv screen every time she came into view. oh, and more than anyone else, these two hate everything, and say it veeeeeeeery often.i'm otherwise a big fan of animé and manga, and never before have i disliked one so much. i read that the series creator/writer wrote this while suffering from a depression, and i can believe that; it made me depressed to watch it. is that the aim of this series? i'm honestly asking. is it designed to make the viewer confused and annoyed? and if suffering from a depression, why just not write a book or biography about it, instead of mixing it up with aliens and mecha's? this alien war plot, as far as i could tell, lead to absolutely nowhere.finally, since i'm truly fascinated by how many people claim to love this patchwork of dead-end plots, i can't help but wonder how many of them actually find it good, and how many say they do because they've been told it is.

this has to be one of the top overrated anime shows ever made. and yes, i was even shown the "end of evangelion" and that still made me hate it even more. not to mention the countless rip-offs of this show!i don't mind psychological and philosophy untertones, but evangelion drags it out into the mud like nothing else! not many of the characters seemed to be very interesting. the only ones that seemed to be interesting were asuka, misato and pen-pen. other than that, mostly everyone else were a bunch of whiny crybaby losers. they need to go to a psyciatric center, not piloting giant robots against aliens called "angels".even the mecha and alien fights did not help at all. goes something like this:"well, there are these robots, and they are really cool because they bleed(!) when they get hurt, but they are not really mecha, but captured angels, so sometimes they go insane and don't do what the underaged pilots want, and they have to be controlled better...blah blah blah!"i am so sorry, but i just cannot recommend evangelion to anyone, anime otakus or not. to those who love this series greatly, fine you're entitled to that opinion, i respect you. but to thoses that have a "out of your mind" obsession to think that every one will like this series, you are more of an egotist.i prefer "macross", "mospeada", "run-dim" and "robot taekwon v" myself.

this incredibly overrated anime television series (26 episodes, 25 minutes each) is about a 14-year-old boy (and two of his girl classmates) who pilots a giant robot to defend japan against invading beings called angels. there is very little explanation given to the angels or why their numbers have increased in recent times, and they just seem to pop out of nowhere for no apparent reason (why not attack all at once instead of at spaced out intervals that are convenient for the humans you're attempting to destroy?). the robot fight scenes attempt to employ a variety of obstacles, but the action itself is poorly executed and boring to watch. almost every episode seems like a waste of space where nothing of interest occurs.some might be intrigued by fans who mention the (very few) symbolic references herein, but that's all they are - shallow one-liners to religious or philosophical concepts that are randomly tossed in with zero craftsmanship. as a whole the series is incredibly tedious due to the superficiality of the characters, who are really nothing more than self-pitying crybabies. the psychology is pathetic, with hopelessly simplistic conflicts like "i hate my father" repeated over and over and over and over again with no progression beyond their face value. it's no understatement to say that these characters plunge this series from time-wasting mediocrity to anger-inducing garbage during the final episodes with their endless, angst-ridden diatribes of excessively repetitive psychobabble (some of which is totally meaningless).i'm not kidding when i say that this series just got worse and worse as it progressed. every day i'd look at the dvd set sitting on my living room table and say to myself, "damn, i've gotta watch the next episode at some point. (sigh) i may as well slug through another one tonight." the real kicker was that the episodes were only 25 minutes long, yet they were somehow able to digress into a completely uninteresting borefest within the opening 10 minutes. this is coming from a guy who will happily sit through 150-minute films with glacial pacing, so my criticism of this series is most damning indeed.never in my entire life have i despised watching a series as much as "evangelion." i had already purchased it based off of all the fanatical comments on imdb, and i certainly wasn't going to let it collect dust after spending my hard-earned money. what followed was 10 hours of pure, unmitigated torture. my love/hate relationship with anime is turning into a hate/love relationship after this highly acclaimed disaster."evangelion" represents everything anime should not be - massive quantities of dull, pretentious tripe under the guise of intelligent cinema. the universal acclaim for this piece of crap is simply unbelievable; and the ridiculous assertions by fans that this series as "one of mankind's greatest achievements" is probably the most stupifying comment i've ever heard on imdb - and i've seen some doozies.

this anime series starts out great: interesting story, exciting events, interesting characters, beautifully rendered and executed. not everything is explained right away, dangling a proverbial carrot before the viewer, enticing the viewer to watch each succeeding episode. but imagine the disappointment to find that the sci-fi thriller/giant robot adventure is only a backdrop for psycho-babble and quasi-religious preachy exploitation. if you want to hear "you're ok. it's good to be you." after being embattled with negative slogans and the characters' negative emotions, then this is for you. if you want a good sci-fi flick that is simply fun to watch, forget this one. both the original, and the alternate endings were grossly disappointing to me. all that, and this movie was too preachy.

the one thing that occurred to me after watching this drivel, was i would never get the time i used to watch this, back again. if you want to see stacey keach and michael dorn try and earn what must have been then, the down payments on a holiday home then stay tuned. wooden acting, poor special effects, the only comedic highlight was whilst our alien hero was in female form and this is over as soon as she has done her obligatory b-movie nude sex scene within 30 mins into the movie. the opportunity to have made what could have been a decent movie disappears the moment nicole eggbert clocks the alien in a bar within 30 seconds, whilst the police, military and joe public don't cotton on that the woman drinking coffee, dosn't use the cup handle and wears four jumpers at once. she must obviously be from another planet. just where i wish i was when this movie was on.

nicole eggert was listed as the star of this, despite micheal dorn & stacey keach being much bigger stars than her.basically this is a bit of a spin on the "alien lands on earth" film. eggert plays the girl who feels sorry for an alien being chased by the military and takes in the runaway creature in her very sexy disguise. a bit of nudity and partial nudity, a pointless sex scene all feature along the way.the film stumbles through a few obvious set-pieces and running jokes about being shown photographs. i quite liked the star trek jokes when micheal dorn had been taken over and he got a really cool death scene.it was fairly obvious that stacey keach was going to be taken over and the film had quite a weak ending, it would have been nice to show exactly what kind of talent the alien passed to eggert.

i've long heard that to get their start in 'legitimate' films, many behind-the-camera types work on porno films.the people who produced and directed this monstrosity stayed too long.poorly paced, staged and written, it uses a lot of perfectly good talent (diehl, dorn, eggert) badly.much sexual activity is teasingly implied here by the brassiere-popping host to the alien creature, but it never crosses the line...you'll still want to shower afterwards, though.

now what's wrong with the actors that took part in that crap? michael dorn should stick to the star treck merchandise. john diehl, does anyone remember him in miami vice? liked him there... well, whatever - what can one expect from a movie with one of the lifeguards from baywatch in the lead? nothing, and that's what we get. none of the characters is even likable, the special effects are hilarious (but not funny). the story is a (very bad) joke. there is no logic whatsoever for what's happening. i got the feeling that the film makers were trying some kind of "attack of the killer tomatoes" kind of thing. especially in the scene where all the important people were discussing national security in some kind of a closet...if you happen to see it on tv, switch channels - your tv set will be ever thankful.

i guess there are some out there that remember nicole eggert from her little girl days on such tv shows as t.j. hooker, charles in charge, and who's the boss? you perverts, you! maybe you remember her from baywatch when she grew up and got breast implants. no matter, you will certainly forget her in this supposed comedy about man-eating aliens.there are so many things that do not make sense and are never explained. how did she recognize the alien? why was the alien hot for paprika and cinnamon? why didn't the alien eat her? you get the picture.before the alien eats her boyfriend and assumes his identity, you get to see her in the body of alex meneses. this mexican/ukranian beauty is the only reason to watch this trash. stay for the shower scene and the boyfriend, and go on about your business.

alien love ( as this movie is known in britain ) is a very strange movie . i don`t mean that it`s an esoteric art house movie in the style of peter greenaway or derek jarman , i mean it`s a tvm with swearing , sex , some really good t&a , a bad script and a very retro feel . you can just imagine someone like john hughes directing this ten years earlier , though of course he would have cut out the t&a going back to the bad script , one of the problems is that few of the characters have any type of motivation especially amanda . why does she pick up connie at the bar ? just so she could meet an alien ? do you see what i mean about retro ? et , short circuit and a whole lot of other movies from the mid 1980s had this type of plot with most of them being more defined and convincing than the one seen here . the storyline continues to follow an ill defined , unconvincing and illogical path that said i did find alien love watchable and not only down to the t&a on display . as a a sci-fi sex comedy it`s much better than flesh gordon and earth girls are easy

there is a uk edition to this show which is rather less extravagant than the us version. the person concerned will get a new kitchen or perhaps bedroom and bathroom and is wonderfully grateful for what they have got. the us version of this show is everything that reality tv shouldn't be. instead of making a few improvements to a house which the occupants could not afford or do themselves the entire house gets rebuilt. i do not know if this show is trying to show what a lousy welfare system exists in the us or if you beg hard enough you will receive. the rather vulgar product placement that takes place, particularly by sears, is also uncalled for. rsther than turning one family in a deprived area into potential millionaires, it would be far better to help the community as a whole where instead of spending the hundreds of thousands of dollars on one home, build something for the whole community ..... perhaps a place where diy and power tools can be borrowed and returned along with building materials so that everyone can benefit should they want to. giving it all to one person can cause enormous resentment among the rest of the local community who still live in the same run down houses.

i can't help but laugh at the people who praise this show as heartwarming and tear-jerking. for one, it's entirely unrealistic that these people will have perfect lives after their new homes.how can these families afford to maintain these new mega-houses? and what about their poor neighbors? property taxes must surely increase after this happens. plus, the noise would annoy me.second, how excessive can a reality television show become? it's practically the same repetitive junk week after week. we're introduced to a suffering family, they renovate the home, then surprise the family and everyone breaks out the kleenex boxes.not to mention how boring the renovation part is. the only interesting part of the show is to see what the house looks like, but even that segment is destroyed by the phony confessionals and constant sobbing."extreme makeover: home edition" is a show pretending to be heartfelt but it falls flat. skip this one. if you like reality television, "survivor" is far superior and moving.

"extreme makeover: home edition" is yet another 'feel-goody', so-called 'heart warming', and out-for-ratings show that abc has had the time to put together.i understand the troubles that these families go through. for that, i am sorry. but wouldn't you think that putting four wide-screen plasma televisions, three flat-screen desktop computers, an inground pool taking up half of a backyard, and closets full of expensive designer clothing is a bit too excessive for any family? sure, these families have been through a lot. sure, they deserve nicer things that what they had previously had.but honestly, the things that ty pennington and his crew put into these houses are enough to suit an entire neighborhood.another thing that really irks me about this show is how ty and his crew always have something good to say about every little thing that relates to the family, or the family's condition. telling a wheelchair-bound person that he or she is 'so strong', or 'very brave' really does get old after a while. that may sound rude, but believe me; watch this show, and you'll see what i mean.all in all, this show is overrated. if you want to watch it, go ahead. this comment is just a heads-up for what you'd be watching.

i occasionally see some of this show because my wife watches it sometimes. i try to enjoy it for it's basic idea which is helping a needy family, but several factors get in the way for me. every episode follows the same format where many parts seem totally scripted (which they are) and tears flow seemingly on cue. the attempt to manipulate the viewer with a mixture of emotional breakdowns and sad music is a real turn off for me. the fact that everyone who donates something to the house, be it sears or whoever, has to plug themselves for being generous is also annoying. probably the biggest problem i have with it all is that what must be huge amounts of money and a small army of workers are combined to build an amazingly over the top home for a single family. now i know that this amount of money is nothing but a drop in the bucket for disney/abc but how much more could be done for more people with the amount they are putting on one house? instead of focusing on one family and getting them all to cry during the episode why not help 10 families and show highlights? isn't life difficult enough for the average person? why do i need help finding things to feel sad about, why not show something truly inspiring without being manipulative? i know what is being done for these families is good, but they are also being used for ratings. you can't tell me they aren't being coached sometimes on the crying. i guess when i see these people moving into a home that most hard working people in the u.s. could not afford for their children it really bothers me. i can't help but think of what could really be done with a small portion of disney's money. instead of giving each member of the family a flat screen tv and or personal shower that tells you the water temperature and shoots out of the ceiling why not help more people afford food, clothes, education and medical insurance? i know so we can be entertained and have a good cry. in terms of money, i feel the same about oprah. i don't think anyone can actually conceive the amount of money she possesses. yes her recent reality show did good things, but when she gave $30,000 to each losing "contestant" i'm sitting here thinking...that's a years salary for many, many people...if they're lucky. don't get me started on game shows. so i realize that extreme makeover home edition is "doing good", but forgive me if i see it as more self serving than giving of itself. is there anyone out there that feels similar?

i used to be an avid viewer until i personally spent long cold hours helping build a home for the white family, only to be sickened to see the house a year later. all of the beautiful rock landscaping has been removed, the gorgeous rock sidewalk and front fountain have been removed, all the pine trees and pecan trees in the front have been cut down, sprinkler system has been ripped out. it now looks like a disaster area. they don't even live there any more... they live "in town" and come out only for the weekend. it sickens me to think of all the hours that the great people of oklahoma donated to these people and to see the result. the story that we all saw on tv wasn't completely the truth... don't believe every thing you see and hear.

awwww....yes, it is heartwarming and all that some unlucky family gets adopted by abc/sears and has their home "renovated." that's where the humanistic appeal ends. i liked it early in its run, but now this show has become disgustingly excessive.ten needy families could be given relatively luxurious homes with lots of goodies for every one family that each episode of this show splurges on. the people at habitat for humanity must be shaking their heads in disbelief. for example, is it necessary for a healthy sixteen year old boy to have a jacuzzi in his bedroom, or have his bed tricked-out with "low rider" hydraulics? does the mom really need her dilapidated, non-running and rusted out old pick-up truck restored and "pimped" by some of the best customizers in california? a new one would have done the job quite nicely, and probably for a third of the price. do people really need a sixty-five inch plasma screen in every room of the house? and then there's the issue of who pays the increased property taxes and utility bills. even after the zaniacs at "makeover" leave, somebody still has earn a living. i doubt the friendly folks down at social services will see the humor in all of this largess.this show is nothing more than a ratings grabber for abc, and a tacit commercial for its sponsors.

this movie was way too slow and predictable.i wish i could say more but i can't.if you enjoy action/adventure films,this is not one to see.i'd suggest you go see movies like;behind enemy lines with owen wilson and iron eagle with louis gossett jr.

this film was bad. bad acting, bad directing, bad writing. but it wasn't bad in a funny way. it was bad in a boring way. i watched "surface to air" because i thought it might be a laugh. it wasn't. don't make the mistake i did. there are plenty of more enjoyable ways to spend an hour and a half such as watching paint dry or reading the dictionary. seriously.

this had to be one of the worst movies i've ever seen and i'm 64 years old and a football fan. i went expecting to see a football movie. about 10 minutes into it, i began to wonder exactly how such a bad movie (particularly the acting) could have gotten into a theater. about half way through, i whispered to my husband that it was awful and he explained to me the facts behind the movie. although i was a little offended (and can see how some could be very offended if they were not christian) at being preached to in a movie theater, it wasn't that big a deal. it was, however, a big deal to be subjected to such predictability and unrealistic behavior and, above all, the quality of the acting. it is an appropriate movie for a church outing but to be shown in a church auditorium and not in a theater. do i go to church? yes. do i want to go to church when i attend a movie? no. would i recommend this movie? absolutely not!!!

i rented this movie today thinking it might be a good football movie, since i'm a big football fan. boy, was i wrong. this movie is way too religious and preachy and is really unrealistic. this movie pretty much says that if your a christian you can get anything you want in life easily, like become a great football player! you don't become a great football player by becoming christian and asking god, you do it through practice and hard work. all you gotta do is ask god and he'll give you anything....puh-lease. thats not true at all, duh. i laughed several times because of this embarrassment. the only part that was funny was when they were being dumb (shultz the cartoonist? no, the dude that flew over the atlantic, etc etc..) but really this movie wasn't that great. i don't recommend it, especially if you aren't a christian, lol.

i want to state first that i am a christian (and that i do work in the film and tv industry) so i understand what it is like to work on a feature length film so props to the filmmakers in that regard. i'm all for positive, uplifting messages if they are true to the nature of life (that this is a fallen world and that things don't always work out ... even for followers of christ). i'm glad that others are having such overwhelmingly positive reactions to the overt christian message; for me it was just that the execution is where the film fell on its face. a movie lives and dies on its story and here you have one dimensional stereotypes, exposition aplenty, and spontaneous changes in character behavior that are inexplicably to say the least. i believe that a film does not have to club you over the head with its message to get the point across. i'm sure the kendrick bros. will improve with time and that their storytelling methods will as well. maybe they could direct someone else's screenplay as their next project.* sports films are not exactly my first love but a good one (hoosiers, field of dreams, etc) can inspire in a multitude of ways. if you would be interested in a pg-rated film that inspires, give steven soderbergh's 'king of the hill' a look. all truth is god's truth ...

i am a christian and i say this movie had terrible acting, unreal situations and a completely facade front for christianity. you might as well watch "remember the titans" and at least not mix christ in a football film like a formulaic steroid for losers. let me make some really pressing comments of what bothered me in this film.1. the school was in georgia and was a white academy school. i did not notice a single black student or player in the school. i deal with the white "christian" academies in the south and they were built for no other reason than to reestablish segregation. this is troubling when the movie is about christianity and christ changing lives...how about changing the hearts of segregation? (note: i loved the token black coach; like it made up for the entirely white team and all the black 'giants' players.) 2. the uncritical acclaim by everyone christian about this movie. can i get a couple people to say that it was bad acting, bad filming, bad writing and in short poor compared to other movies. if we were to compare this to another football movie, would it have the same charisma and energy? 3. the half-baked christianity which was shown made even less sense to me than the unrealistic ending. if christianity is about simply reading a little scripture and praying to begin a complete life change, then don't wonder when no one will listen to what christians have to say. we want to sell christ as a cure-all. he doesn't need sold and he doesn't need to be attached to such whimsical lifestyles. no wonder everyone considers christianity to be anti-intellectual with this unreal presentation.i recognize this film may be inspirational to a few people. to most, it will not be. it will not give a real picture of struggle and heartfelt tension. most importantly to me, it is not christian by any means or stretch. it has values but it falls short as a 'pull-yourself-up-by-the-bootstraps' message as shallow as positive thinking. if you live alongside people who struggle and/or those in third world living conditions, this movie will be hollow as most churches are today in their religion.

this movie isn't about football at all. it's about jesus/god!! it's the same kind of sappy sanctimonious religious drivel you get from those arch idiots who wrestle for jesus, or pump iron for jesus. yeah, jesus was totally buffed, liked contact sports, and definitely owned a full set of dumb bells. duhhh! this movie should have been entitled "hiking for jesus," or something along those lines just to let the general public know that the real intent of this movie is to convert people to christianity, and to pander to those whose brains have already been thoroughly washed in the blood of the lamb. that the title is derived from the bible is made clear when the head coach is reading his bible and asking jesus for help. the recent sports movie "invincible" was 100 times more inspiring than this was, and jesus wasn't even a factor. it was just the desire and determination of an individual with a dream.any broad appeal as an inspirational sports movie is ultimately lost amidst all of the blatant bible thumping and sanctimonious religious propaganda. one gets the impression that the sole message is the only way you can succeed and make positive gain is if you accept jesus as your personal savior. but this is simply not true, and is therefore a lie being perpetuated by those who believe that it is true and want everyone else to believe it. the image of the winning athlete thanking jesus when he wins comes directly to mind. what does he do when he loses? does he curse jesus? of course not! when he loses jesus isn't responsible. jesus is only responsible when he wins. and the logic goes round and round and round, and it ends up exactly where the true believer needs it to be, every time!! i had to hit pause when the scene with the coach receiving a brand new truck came on so i could stop rolling on the floor laughing my ass off and catch my breath. materialism is not what jesus taught. i find it odd that most so called "christians" seem to either forget or ignore this message from their "savior," especially when i see a jesus fish on the back of a huge gas guzzling suv that passes me like i'm standing still.another message this movie implies is that jesus apparently cares more about the win loss record of a mediocre high school football team that he does about the millions of starving children in the world. the final scene where the insecure and unsure kicker boots a 51 yard field goal and it is hyped up as an unbelievably incredible miracle puts the final gag me with a spoon religious red flag on this turkey. i only gave it three stars because the guy who played the black coach could actually act.

this isn't a film, it's a 111-minute evangelical christian sermon draped over red state america's #1 sport, high school football. another of the long, earnest messages to the converted who are then presumed to be fired up enough by the spirit to go abroad and convert their unsaved neighbours.dialogue like "you won the big one when you accepted christ" loses any possible camp appeal by the disturbing intensity in director/coach alex kendrick's sunken black eyes. then there are the "parables".two farmers prayed for rain but only one prepared his field to receive it. which one do you think god blessed? this rhetorical question is meant to foreshadow the miraculous climax, in the course of which coach asks his trepidous back-up kicker, "son, do you think god could help you make that kick?" it's the kind of entertainment we could have expected would receive faith-based funding ad infinitum, if only the evangelical christian bush administration's hegemonic pursuits around the world had convinced us all to become "devout" after their example. behold that poor giants coach in the apocalyptic finale, urging his team on crying "who's with me!" while the devout eagles on the other side were quietly going about doing the lord's work.so, do you think our terrified back-up makes his kick to vanquish those self-centrist goliaths? well, we all know zealots can't lose. put it this way: transfer the playing ground to the deserts of the middle east, replace the christian proselytizing, and this virulent nonsense can easily be repackaged as a taliban-vs-superpower parable, which the devout worshippers of this garbage might want to think about a minute.luckily they won't care, nor need to: like coach tells his team of earnest empty vessels pregame, the answers are all right here in this book. and the christian right will devour this on their way to their rapture, that final victory they have prepared their fields for.

i went into this movie thinking that it would be a neat football drama (in the same vein as remember the titans); however, i came away feeling like i had just attended a ted haggard sermon about the rapture. the only thing that was missing was the request for a tithe at the end of the movie. actually, one would probably get more out of a televangelist sermon than this poor excuse for entertainment. at least with the televangelist sermon, there are quotes from the scripture rather than quotes from popularist self-help pulp. the plot was entirely too predictable to the point that anyone with a long-enough attention span could have laid out the entire plot within the first 15 minutes of the movie.

i've been scolded and scorned by fellow christians for stating my disappointment with this movie. i get hounded by statements like these: "i can't believe you didn't like it! it was made totally by christians!" "everyone donated their time and no one was paid for the movie! it was made by a church and not hollywood. we should spend our money on movies like this! they only used $100,000 to make the film." "this is by a real church and christian school in georgia! a preacher wrote and directed it." so, apparently, the reason i should love this movie is simply because of the way it was made and the minimum amount of money used to make it and that is was made by christians. that is all that is needed for me to love the movie.look, i got the movie without knowing anything about the background of the film. i had never heard of it and had no idea - other than football - what it was about. i watched it like i watch any other movie and was disappointed. i was disappointed in the lousy editing and lame script. i was very disappointed on the resolution after the climax. don't worry. there have been other cheap movies and other expensively made movies that have earned less respect from me. it isn't about the making of the movie. it is the end product.the writer acknowledges that god doesn't say "yes" to everything we pray for in the way we want, but he wanted to show by having faith, god changes our lives. that is true. however, god can change our lives and we're still infertile. god can change our lives and we don't get a raise from our job. god can change our lives and our car is still an old jalopy. god can change our lives and our house is still stinky. why didn't he portray that in the movie? others voiced their concern to the writer/director over the matter, but apparently, he was defensive.i did not think the acting was horrible nor many of the landscape shots. i like the idea of going to god and recognizing his awesome power and our weakness.the writing and directing were very weak. it is easy to distinguish this because many of the characters have no development. all we really get from the coach's wife is she is not pregnant (well, until the end of the movie). it seems as if there was only ball player that had the potential to have an interesting character and that was chopped to bits into "i have a cripple father and i can't play football well, but i'll kick the winning field goal even though i've never kicked a real field goal before." another problem was the christian school itself. umm, i have worked for two christian schools, went to one myself, and have had many nieces and nephews in other christian schools. all in all, i've had some pretty close connections with about ten different ones. none of the problems that i have seen in all of these schools were addressed. i saw this as totally surreal in the movie about their school and wished they had shown the human factor. it would have been nice to see a dose of reality and how god can work.i will close by stating that every work - either written or drawn or played on an instrument - shares the artist's world view. the world view that was shown to me in this movie consists of "people who pray the right way win ball games, get new cars, conceive when they couldn't, get a raise, and get their house fixed - all within a short time span." i know. i should love the movie simply due to the sincerity of the people who made it. i think i should love the movie because it was well done and for no other reason.

it's interesting how 90% of the high-vote reviews are all comprised of "*random username*" from "united states" (no state pride??) who all say more or less the exact same thing with the exact same grammatical style and all with the exact same complete lack of taste in movies. i would delve further into this suspicious trend, but alas, this is a review of the movie, and not the reviews themselves.let me start by saying that i am both a christian and a true avid movie fan. this means i have seen a great many movies, from good to bad, and can wholeheartedly claim that facing the giants is, in fact, not a good movie. it has good intentions, but fails to meet many (if any) basic standards that i associate with a quality filmgoing experience.the acting: mostly terrible, palatable at best. hearing that most were apparently volunteers does not at all surprise me.the dialogue: clumsy, cheesy, the script comes off as a long version of some cheesy skit you'd see performed in sunday school or youth group function. the rave review robots revel in the absence of "meaningless words", but the cold hard truth is that such words are a part of the real world, and the complete absence of it is palpable. let's just say the mean ol' head coach of a team in a state championship game would have a lot more to say than "oh no!" when things are not going his way.the plot: mind-bogglingly predictable. it has been commented that this movie is "not a hollywood cliché", and yet it's like it was pulled directly from making an underdog sports movie for dummies (including the mandatory quasi-romantic subplot for the ladies) and just had a christian-themed coat of paint slapped on it. i'm not lying or bragging when i say i had almost every major detail in both the plot and subplot pegged immediately upon their inception. only someone who has never seen a decent sports movie in their whole life would be emotionally stirred by the story presented here.the directing/editing: it, too, was patterned almost exactly after the generic underdog sports movie template. still, acting aside, there weren't many noticeable goofs, so at least facing the giants was technically competent.the message: ask jesus and he will grant all your wishes. part of me hoped that this movie would end in the team's eventual defeat to really emphasize the whole "if we lose, we praise you" part, because in the real world, you will fail at one point or another and it's good to be prepared for that. but in the world of facing the giants, if you fail, clearly someone either screwed up or is cheating. another interesting question being, what if the eagles came across another team that had gotten religion? would they be caught in an endless loop of miraculous plays and last-minute saves, or would the universe simply have exploded? the bottom line: for the hardcore conservative christian parents crowd lamenting the evils of hollywood, facing the giants will be another mediocre-at-best christian film to hold up on a pedestal as the preferred model for modern film-making. for everyone else, the effects will range from boredom to a burning desire to be watching something else. and a warning: any attempt to show this to non-christians will lead not to conversion, but to derision. i give this two stars, one for the one scene that did not have me rolling my eyes, and another for basic technical proficiency on a low budget.

i watched this film in youth group, where my otherwise intuitive youth leader and his wife squeed over it. then some adult couple at a church-related christmas party misled themselves into giving a copy of this movie to every single family in attendance, and now my household is stuck with the film (though it thankfully still remains in its shrinkwrap). i cried bitter tears over these sad events, and here's why: first off: this film has good intentions, especially if you're a christian like me. this movie is trying to show that you should put your faith in god and that it'll make your life better. not so bad, right? eh. it turns out a be a problem--a big one. this movie was made by a church, so of course every single issue has to be dealt with as tastefully for christians as possible. it is all black-and-white, no gray areas. god's grace and will in this movie is a predictable thing, and it comes instantly to all those who do his bidding.this is not the god i know. this is not the christian life i am familiar with. the god i believe in is a powerful and trustworthy god, but he is not one that grants my every wish. i follow him as best i can, though the going is often hard; yet the football team in this movie finds their humility and self-control a lot easier than anyone should ever find it. i cannot relate to cardboard cutouts who flip from bad-side to good-side in the course of a few structured movie scenes. and when i do follow his commandments as laid out in the bible, i certainly don't find myself showered in blessing as these characters do. the largest of my immediate rewards is knowing that i have done the right thing; everything else comes with long, messy, arduous work.but take the example this movie sets: grant taylor coaches the football team at shiloh christian school, which has had 6 losing seasons in a row. he may lose his job over it, and he and his wife are low on money as it is. they want a baby, but the doctor tells him he is sterile. oh, and his car doesn't work. and the boys on his football team are disrespectful to their parents, whiny after their million losses, and bad at kicking field goals. this is sure one rundown community here.but wait, grant taylor decides he's going to trust in god for everything! and he passes on his faith to his team. so far, so good. not for long. as they begin to obey, blessing literally pour in on them. suddenly the students stop disrespecting their parents; the school has a big "revival"; the team starts winning every game; they even win the grand championship against the hardest team in the league! coach taylor's job is reassured; the school gets him a shiny new truck as a present (which, by the way, is the epitome of shallow, fair-weather employers); he gets a raise; his wife (get this) even gets pregnant from his sterile sperm! and that skinny kid manages to kick his first darn field goal right when it really matters!! wowzers, woot, yay, praise the lord, etcetera, etcetera!!! ...yipe. just yipe. nobody in my church has ever experienced christ in a such a cut-and-dry manner. yes, there have been miracles aplenty in my family, as well as gifts and creature comforts, and i attribute them to god's grace and lovingkindness. but god isn't some faucet tap that you turn on and off by being good or bad! he is by and large a mystery; his gifts come unexpectedly, often when you think you don't need them but you really do. it's a long, hard slog to the road of fulfillment, and things never turn out the way you thought they would.this movie has good intentions. but because of its supreme shallowness and total escapism, it tanks tremendously to a 1/10. the bad acting and sports movie clichés seem to be mere pimples next to the leprous falsehoods that this movie inadvertently pushes.to all you future churches planning to make a movie: don't be afraid to show real life, even you have to add some inconvenient truths into the mix. however much the baser populace is wowed by this cotton candy treat, nobody has learned anything substantial from it. give us the meat, the bones, the real stuff! true life applies to everyone, not just christians, and that's one aspect "facing the giants" didn't manage to grasp.

as a youth pastor i heard good things about this movie. then i watched it. the acting wasn't the best. that's forgivable. it's the message that's not: give jesus your life and everything will change - you'll tackle better, make amazing catches, stop fumbling, start making touchdown passes, and even make the playoffs. all because jesus magically turns horrible undersized weaklings into all-american athletes. i laughed out loud when a coach quoted scripture to explain to the kicker why he was missing field goals. but wait, that's not all. you'll get a brand new truck, a $6000 raise, and you and your wife's struggle with infertility will suddenly end in pregnancy - twice. then you'll win the state championship because god helps a weakling kick the winning field goal 12 yards further than he's ever kicked before - and into the wind, no less - all because "god wanted him to make it." then you'll win the state championship again the next year. none of this good stuff would have happened if the team hadn't chosen to follow jesus will all their hearts.here's what i took away from the movie: god can do anything he wants to do whenever he wants to do it - and it's all about making our lives better, easier, and more enjoyable. he chooses his favorite team and helps them win games. which bible is this story based on? i'll bet saint stephen wished he'd known the keys to such a safe life before he was stoned to death. someone should have made this movie before 10 of the 11 apostles were killed for following jesus. it would have saved them all a lot of trouble.

i rented this movie because i hoped it would be one the whole family would enjoy. although the movie is family friendly, my family did not enjoy it because it gives a false view of god. if you obey god and follow him, you are not guaranteed success. your football team won't always win. you won't magically get better grades. infertility isn't always cured. you won't always get a raise. sometimes, you'll be stuck with the old car.god does not exist to meet our every whim. rather, we were created to glorify him. sometimes we glorify him most when things seem to be going bad for us. to live is christ; to die is gain.

this film had no huge stars in it, but did have a very good cast filled with excellent supporting actors and gene tierney before she became a big star. with george sanders, reginald gardner, harry carey, bruce cabot, jospeh calleia and cederic hardwicke, you'd expect more from the film than it actually delivered. most of this, i suspect, is because of a second-rate script, as director henry hathaway was a competent and well-established man at the helm.the film is set in east africa during wwii--just before the americans entered the war. the brits are trying to control their african colonies while subversive nazi elements are trying to stir up trouble among the locals. one of the white men in the film is a double-dealer--working for the destruction of the british empire! but, lovely tierney, playing a sultan's daughter(!), is out to help save the day for good ol' britain.american film makers have long sided with the empire and the 1930s and 40s saw a plethora of pro-empire films. nowadays, with changed sensibilities, the notion of seeing the happy black natives dying for queen and country seems ridiculous--and it would be hard to root for either side! still, in its day, this propaganda piece was effective in drumming up support for the british--though when seen today, the film suffers from a long-winded script and silly casting. the one bright moment in the film is the final showdown between george sanders and the enemy agent. too bad after such a potent scene the film just seemed to talk and talk--losing some of its punch.

this early b entry into the patriotic category slapped a gorgeous young gene tierney on the ads and posters, but you have to wait a good time before you glimpse her, riding in a hollywoodized camel train. previously, we've set up george sanders and bruce cabot in the desert as guys who barely get along, but must rally in the face of attack. i've seen sanders as so many enjoyable cads that it was fun to witness a rare good guy turn. however, bruce cabot's allure is pretty much a mystery to me - he's base and unsubtle in comparison, but i've always felt he'd just emerged, smiling, from under a car, covered in grease and a sixth grade education. some people like 'em that way, as did gene's gypsy queen character. this is an action adventure filler, tho, and just as we've been warned of invading locals with guns, ready to sabotage and attack the brits in their land, there is a final gun battle in which we must lose a main character for the good of all. this feature requires nothing more than your barest attention on a saturday afternoon, a programmer that made whatever else it was paired with better. it was almost more interesting identifying the great supporting cast and a surprise appearance by dorothy dandridge in one of her first roles. a two or two and a half stars out of five.-mdm

the basic plot in this movie isn't bad. a lady makes it big and comes back to her alma mater to be adored. but, despite good acting by robert young and eve arden, the movie is a mess. the blame for this i place on either joan crawford or the director or both, as her performance is just awful. instead of being a real person, she does a wonderful impersonation of a deer caught in the headlights. in other words, she stares off into space and has a "golly i am soooo stunned" expression. after just a few minutes it really became annoying for me. now this is certainly not the only crawford film i dislike for her performance, as she had done more than her share of overacting--in films such as johnny guitar or many of her later films, such as berserk! my advice is to try a different crawford film--there certainly were better.

i was looking forward to this ride, and was horribly disappointed.and i am very easily amused at roller coaster and amusement park rides.the roller coaster part was just okay - and that was all of about 30 seconds of a 90 second ride. it was visually dull and poorly executed. it was trying desperately to be like a mixture of the far superior indiana jones and space mountain rides and disneyland, and failed in every aspect.it was not thrilling or exciting in the least.

terrible acting, lame plot, stupid story and just all around terrible movie sums up this piece of junk. it was excruciating to sit through. just awful. do not waste one penny on this. the movie theaters should feel bad about actually putting this movie out there for people to watch. this "horror" film was not even in the least bit scary, creepy or disturbing. it was in no way visually appealing. the acting was so terrible by all of the actors that any attempt to draw you into the movie through dialog are completely destroyed within moments of the actor/actress opening their mouth. plus the entire story, i don't know why someone would make a movie with this story again. do not waste your time or money. even if it's a free ticket don't waste one moment viewing this movie. you will feel dumber for watching it.

i rate this movie with 3 skulls, only coz the girls knew how to scream, this could've been a better movie, if actors were better, the twins were ok, i believed they were evil, but the eldest and youngest brother, they sucked really bad, it seemed like they were reading the scripts instead of acting them.... spoiler: if they're vampire's why do they freeze the blood? vampires can't drink frozen blood, the sister in the movie says let's drink her while she is alive....but then when they're moving to another house, they take on a cooler they're frozen blood. end of spoilerit was a huge waste of time, and that made me mad coz i read all the reviews of how this movie was great, how many awards this movie won, and this movie was f****ing s**t!!!!

if you are going to attempt building tension in a film it is always a good idea not to build it beyond the point of total tedium.unfortunately the butcher brothers haven't grasped this yet.this film sucks, unlike the majority of its characters who (if you didn't work out they are vampires in the first few minutes then shame on you) preference stringing up the plentiful supply of 'no one knows where i am' cheerleader types and homosexual drifters that waft conveniently and with a fast food swagger, past their isolated door.the only tiny bit of originality in the plot is how these vampires come to be vampires in the first place but the rest of it is ludicrous and sloppy.forced to up sticks (as opposed stakes) on a regular basis due to their penchant for filling their basement with bloodless corpses, they really are none too bright. if they fed their victims they could run their own little blood farm and it would cut down on the mortality rate, thereby allowing them to settle down and get chintzy.why the producers felt it necessary to introduce the incestuous twins and the homicidally gay older brother i am not sure. it added zero to the plot, which was unfortunate given that there wasn't a great deal of plot to start with and had no shock value at all.one was never told why the parents had died, unless of course that was explained during one of my frequent tea breaks. clearly the social worker must have been alerted to the family for some reason or other but again, it was for the viewer to write their own reason.the only well rounded character was the youngest brother who emerges looking like pugsley from the adams family. indeed he was way too rounded, having the appearance of a child who has inadvertently wandered from a weight watchers' class in to a very bad horror film. oh heavens, he had. never mind dear, have another doughnut with a yummy blood centre.

warning:i advise anyone who has not seen the film yet to not read this comment.although i haven't seen them all,the hamiltons sure did deliver one lowsy piece of entertainment,which it did not entertain me at all!!!!i thought that in common with the semi-bad acting,stupid plot scheme,and the twist at the end of the movie,which was very retarded,this movie sucked!!!okay,so supposively these are people who eat other people.yeah......notice i said people not humans,not because they aren't human,or wait i think they are,oh no wait,they didn't tell you!!!!!so okay,are these people cannibals,or are they imbreds,or what are they!!!!i mean,maybe they're just "things" that came here to see what people taste like or,are they cannibals who have eaten people for a long time now,or maybe this movie was hhoorriibbllee!!which it was!!!so if you think the hamiltons is good,i ask of you,why,why,why,why,why was it so awesome,because to me it was just flat out terrible!!!one big booooooo for the hamiltons!!!go see the gravedancers,tooth & nail,or borderland for a piece of entertainment!!!!!

wow, could have been such a good movie,starts of with brittany daniels tied up, im thinking cool we are going to get a flash back, but nothing, movie starts anew with the kid filming. this movie probably would have been better if it wasn't for the acting. i mean the acting was mostly horrible.. although with the lines the poor actors had to deal with i guess they did the best they could..still it really ruin the movie for me.. the twins were the only ones that seem to have some acting skills.. the movie drags to long for the supposed shocking conclusion.. all in all i have seen worse low budget movies but considering this was hype with the 8 films to die for i was very disappointed.. by the way, were did some reviewers say there was gore and stuff. did i see the same movie.. well this is 4 out of the eight, and so far only one has been any good..

just okay horror film about a nice suburban family dealing with the death of their parents and the "thing" in the basement that they keep feeding people they pick up off the street. of course there is more to it then that but to say more would be telling.for me this just didn't come together as it tries to have it two ways both as a family drama and a horror film. the film tries very hard to walk the cutting edge between the two genres but seems more to stumble all over the place as it tries to be shocking, something it never really is. it doesn't help that the final revelation is less a scare then an "oh", as on "oh thats it?". maybe if i hadn't been watching so many horror films recently this might have been better or it may have just seemed it since i wouldn't have compared it to so much.i'd take a pass

this is the second movie i saw for horrorfest this past weekend, the gravedancers being the first. gravedancers was better. i can only guess from watching this that the production must have been quite limited. i will admit the story started out interesting but really fizzled for me in the end. we weren't really given time to sympathize or understand any of the characters which only made each of their erratic characteristics even more annoying. i have to mention that there was also a bit of mis-casting with a 12-year-old boy acting as sheriff. the only reason i sat through the whole film was to find out what the big secret was, which turned out to not be all that interesting. some more background about the family would have helped but they didn't really seem like a family at all to begin with.to me, this film is so amateur that i couldn't even see putting it on dvd. the four rating is for the initial potential the story might have had. this was one to skip for horrorfest.

when i saw this at a shop i thought it looked really good and original. like wolfs creek meets texas chainsaw massacre, and i mean it only cost three quid (around $6). to be honest i don't think it was even worth that.it seemed like the directors- the 'butcher brothers' couldn't decide whether wanted to do a artsy sort of horror or a gory slasher horror. it ended up with a cliché ridden gory sadistic hour and fifteen minutes with all the characters being one dimensional and you couldn't care less what happened to them but to try to make the audience care about the characters they added a useless monologue at the end and the beginning of the film which to be perfectly honest wasn't needed.the only good part really was the middle/end- i won't ruin it for you. but that was the only "good "part.overall a pointless watch. it felt like a two hour film but was in fact only 75 minutes. if you want an artsy film-don't bother. if you want a slasher movie- don't bother- the film moves so slowly with nothing ever happening.

this movie was so bad i don't know whether to laugh or cry. i had high hopes for horrorfest that year, which was also the first year i attended horrorfest, and i have to say horrorfest and all of its films take false advertising to a whole new level. mad kudos to the advertisers because i'm sure they tricked a lot of people into spending money and seeing those movies that year. the hamiltons was easily the worst one of the ones i've seen (the other ones i saw were unrest, dark ride, and reincarnation). the movie cover and trailer made it seem like a family of cannibals terrorizing the neighborhood which i thought was a rather interesting plot, only to be disappointed at the end discovering that it was some 'coming of age' tale about a boy's transition into being a vampire. which is why drama prevails over any sense of horror in this film. and to make the plot even more ridiculous, they add in a set of horny twins who can't wait to take a 'bite' out of one another, and some deadly creature locked in the basement, which if i had discovered what 'it' was had the secret not been revealed at the very end of the film, i would have left the theater halfway into the movie.complete waste of money and time. cut forty minutes out of this film, and make it into an episode on some show like smallville or charmed or supernatural and it would have received more praise than this. absolute rubbish! so bad that two years later, i have to come back to imdb and write a review about it because it still stands out in my memory as one of the worst movies i've ever seen. also, while you're reading this, steer clear from the rest of the horrorfest movies in the future. the most you could do is rent them from blockbusters or watch it online somewhere. horrorfest features movies from independent filmmakers who can't make it onto the big screen, and all the crap about 'stuff they don't show you in theaters', they weren't referring to blood or guts, or horror...they were referring to the movies themselves. because they're horrendous. think of horrorfest as a less renowned version of sundance film festival, but for horror movies.sorry for all the 'hate', but next time think twice before you cheat costumers out of their money.

the hamiltons tells the story of the four hamilton siblings, teenager francis (cory knauf), twins wendell (joseph mckelheer) & darlene (mackenzie firgens) & the eldest david (samuel) who is now the surrogate parent in charge. the hamilton's move house a lot, franics is unsure why& is unhappy with the way things are. the fact that his brother's & sister kidnap, imprison & murder people in the basement doesn't help relax or calm francis' nerves either. francis know's something just isn't right & when he eventually finds out the truth things will never be the same again...co-written, co-produced & directed by mitchell altieri & phil flores as the butcher brothers (who's only other film director's credit so far is the april fool's day (2008) remake, enough said) this was one of the 'films to die for' at the 2006 after dark horrorfest (or whatever it's called) & in keeping with pretty much all the other's i've seen i thought the hamiltons was complete total & utter crap. i found the character's really poor, very unlikable & the slow moving story failed to capture my imagination or sustain my interest over it's 85 & a half minute too long 86 minute duration. the there's the awful twist at the end which had me laughing out loud, there's this really big sustained build up to what's inside a cupboard thing in the hamiltons basement & it's eventually revealed to be a little boy with a teddy. is that really supposed to scare us? is that really supposed to shock us? is that really something that is supposed to have us talking about it as the end credits roll? is a harmless looking young boy the best 'twist' ending that the makers could come up with? the boring plot plods along, it's never made clear where the hamiltons get all their money from to buy new houses since none of them seem to work (except david in a slaughterhouse & i doubt that pays much) or why they haven't been caught before now. the script tries to mix in every day drama with potent horror & it just does a terrible job of combining the two to the extent that neither aspect is memorable or effective. a really bad film that i am struggling to say anything good about.despite being written & directed by the extreme sounding butcher brothers there's no gore here, there's a bit of blood splatter & a few scenes of girls chained up in a basement but nothing you couldn't do at home yourself with a bottle of tomato ketchup & a camcorder. the film is neither scary & since it's got a very middle-class suburban setting there's zero atmosphere or mood. there's a lesbian & suggest incestuous kiss but the hamiltons is low on the exploitation scale & there's not much here for the horror crowd.filmed in petaluma in california this has that modern low budget look about it, it's not badly made but rather forgettable. the acting by an unknown (to me) cast is nothing to write home about & i can't say i ever felt anything for anyone.the hamiltons commits the cardinal sin of being both dull & boring from which it never recovers. add to that an ultra thin story, no gore, a rubbish ending & character's who you don't give a toss about & you have a film that did not impress me at all.

when a film is independent and not rated, such as the hamiltons, i was expecting out of the norm, cut out your heart violence. i know that good movies don't always contain blood and violence, but i read reviews, i visited the website, and i even convinced a few of my friends to pay $9.50 to see this god awful movie with me. when there is a festival called horrorfest, i am expecting horror, not dawsons creek with incestuous undertones. my expectations were extremely low for this film, yet the little expectations there was for the film were shot to hell once i saw that an hour had passed before we saw the first drop of blood come out of someones finger. there were too many plot holes and left too much to the imagination. i regret not seeing happy feet. i think there might have been more violence and gore in that movie than in the hamiltons!

this is so bad, so very very bad. the acting is the biggest joke in history. don't even bother to see it, i did ff it after 20 min and it was just as disappointing in the end as in the beginning... i really don't understand peoples taste, i'm a horror movie fan and i'm not fastidious but i do have a limit! maybe it was a quarter of a star better then the beginning of the hoast but that's it. so i recommend you don't waste the 15 minutes you'll be able to watch. i mean the acting is better done by monkeys. and the big brother with the parental role is just awful. don't they pay characters in c-movies? no i must say it's not the first time i think a horror movie is bad but it's absolutely one in my down ten movies and it will be charing places with portrait of a vampire, cabin by the lake, the hoast!

i feel it is my duty as a lover of horror films to warm other people about this horrible and very very bad "horror" film. don't waste your time or money on this film, the acting is bad, the story is just one of the worst i have come across and the script was just awful. nothing about it was good, you end up thinking to yourself why am i watching this crap. the plot had so many holes in it and they never got cleared up in the end, it was just so bad, i don't know how a film so terrible could be made. as i said before i love horror films and i was so let down, it was an 18 but you see little blood and no scares or jumps at all. also what annoyed me was how stupid things happened in the film that had no point to the plot at all like the brother and sister kissing, why? is all i can say. just don't bother, there are far more great horror films out there, just don't waste your time life is too short.

without effective indulgence of the supernatural or the poetic motivating nuances of humanity, all this creative team has to hope for is effective usage of its middling, unoriginal elements. 'party of five' gone maniacal then genetically unescapable there's little rooting interest because the singular non-homicidal element is a second-rate bland awful-acting 'wes bentley' mopester. in fact, all of the acting is skin deep. even though the dark-haired women appeal, the salaciousness is kept to a minimum. no nudity here. also lacking are sufficient buckets of blood. all sensations are kept at a teasing, safe distance...an unfortunate fact considering the given name of the directors is 'butcher.' only the soundtrack, the droning angsty alt-country and the tense fluctuating score provide any palpable tension. sometimes some static storyboarded compositions add appealing low-angles that adds to the malaise...but for a film that calls itself horror, i did not even get close to flinching once. perhaps a greater emphasis on societal rejuvenation through blood intake, scenes directed with varying geometric shapes outside the square, and a sustained focus on playfulness through the family's maliciousness or traps sympathetic characters need to escape in order to escape their dilemma would have improved my opinion, but this was not a good start to my excursion through horrorfest.

...that seem to be fooling people into seeing qualities in this film that are just not there.near dark covered the same territory but with much more class, and action.why the script kept their 'big secret' so long was a total mystery to me - i guessed it at the breakfast scene at the start of the film. by the time it was revealed to the viewer it was just a case of 'big deal, tell me something i don't know.'i found this to be pointless movie that may have challenged the genre conventions, unfortunately those conventions are that horror films are tense and packed with genuine sense of horror. this was woeful

this is the first film of the horrorfest i have watched and after im almost thinking i don't need to see any of the others. i was told its a "thinking mans horror movie" and have to say that if this was supposed to make me think i shutter to think what the splatter/gore films in the collection will be like. don't get me wrong not even the gore in this film is worth sitting through.the plot is very washed out with way too much art for arts sake. the camera effects and music are out of place most of the time and the characters are banal to say the least. several characters and scenes seem worthless in the end when they start to reveal some of the hooks of "the hamiltons". i figured out who lenny was about half hour in when i figured out the movie. i was so visually under whelmed and confused by the lenny reveal that i completely felt ripped off. i expected what i got but they could have gone so much further, in fact all the gore falls completely flat. with movies out there like "hostel" and "saw" you need to come a little better for a film that is "considered to graphic or too disturbing for general audiences".

like most of the festivals entries hamiltons makes for an interesting watch a film thats all ideas and little execution. although impressive for it's obvious low budget the film falters in it's final twist and becomes dreadfully long during it's drawn out and obvious conclusion. the film is about a family of murderous outcasts trying to survive after there parents have died. they kidnap people , drain the blood from them and feed something locked away in their basement. there's some nice darkly humorous performances from mckellhar and firgens and the rest are just so-so. the film never feels realistic or very disturbing for that matter. but for the first half taps into an oddly humorous and dark mixture which is a surprising accomplishment. the next half isn't so successful as it receeds into film oblivion with unrealistic twists into a ridiculously cocky finale that turns the entire film into utter crap. it's a shame though there is no doubt that some talent was involved with this production and although deeply flawed it remains original and creative. too bad that when it comes to the delivery it completely fails on every level.**/5

this is the first of these "8 films to die for" collection that i've seen and it's certainly not made me want to see any of the rest...although i've heard at least a couple of them are decent. i don't know, this wasn't terrible but it didn't really do much for me. your basic dysfunctional cannibal family in suburbia kind of thing, mom & dad died, the family sold the farm & moved to san francisco (?) where they continued to bring home stray food sources whenever possible. the best part of this was the creepy goth sister, who of course invites a friend over from school that never leaves. anyway, of course we have a butcher shop in the basement and so on and so on. this family is sort of like the white-bread version of the sawyer clan, they're nasty & they do bad things but they ain't go no soul. i see a lot of reviews from people that liked this, and i guess i don't know what i missed, but i found it to be very mediocre & i wouldn't recommend it to anyone, really. 4 out of 10.

i expected to enjoy a romantic comedy featuring hip hop, but was disappointed on many levels. first of all, the story is so badly recycled as to make it almost unbearable. second, the setting, acting and story are not very authentic or believable. third, there are a lot more good black actors to choose from than these standard picks. how about some originality? third, there were very few hip hop songs played in entirity - if any. none seemd really central. overall, film was a great disappointment, but the editing style was very interesting and almost made the film worthwhile.

a complete waste of timehalla bol is a complete waste of time. the script and dialogues are poorly written, the direction is lacklustre and the acting borders on hammy.this movie was clearly aiming for the rang de basanti crowd but it falls far short of the mark because it does not have even one of the elements that made rdb connect with its audience_great script, terrific acting, good direction and a powerful social message that was never preached but shown.compared to that near-masterpiece, halla bol takes a step backwards by resorting to scenes such as the hero taking a leak on the villain's persian rug and the hero's mentor staring down bullets in a truck no less! all of this might have been acceptable in the 80s when there was a downturn in movie quality and bad movies like divyashakti and phool aur kaante became big hits, but movie-making has become_should have become_more subtle and thoughtful of late.rajkumar santoshi is a capable director and i appreciate that he wants to give a social message in every movie he makes but maybe he simply does not know how to do it! he resorts to sermonizing without a care as to the audience's intelligence in understanding what he is trying to say. maybe he should just concentrate on entertainment and leave the social messages to the rakeysh mehras and aamir khans.even if you don't agree with everything i say, you will agree that throughout the screening you will be thinking that rang de basanti was much much better and mr.santoshi should have left the industry-bashing to om shanti om. industry-bashing? that's right!!santoshi has depicted the industry as a place of back-biting, bitching and the casting couch which the hero happily indulges in with a starlet curiously named sania. there are some people who will think that these portions show the real face of the industry. don't believe everything you see!all in all, raise your voice against movies like this and don't spend your hard-earned money on this bomb.* out of ****.

disappearance is about a couple who take their family on vacation in new mexico and find themselves in deep trouble after taking a detour off the main highway to visit a town that was seemingly abandoned in 1948 for unknown reasons. the town of weaver seems harmless at first and has tourist appeal until the family is stranded there overnight and they begin to have good reason to suspect that others have experienced their same predicament with fatal outcomes. the henleys watch a blair-witch-project-esquire video diary left by the town's last victim, which ironically demonstrates the best performance of anyone in this movie. although hamlin and dey's performances are much better than the supporting casts', their emotional affect seems "flat" to me throughout the movie. disappearance has appeal for most of the movie as there is much suspense and good direction. however, the plot takes unexpected and implausible turns that seemingly make no sense. worse yet it that there really is no understanding of what exactly is going on in the movie, which makes the bizarre ending less tolerable. it appeared to me that the movie makers were so focused on making a stream of suspenseful scenes, that they threw away all the elements of good story making: plot development, gradual explanation of themes and symbols that lead to a cohesive solution/outcome. the most difficult aspect of the movie for me was that the first three-quarter of it was spent building up tension and curiosity about certain aspects of the plot that were then suddenly disposed of as if we didn't deserve an explanation: what was the significance of the indian symbols on the walls? what happened to the original people of weaver? what was the connection with the people at the dinner? what did the sheriff know? what did the missing boy discover if anything?this was, i believe, a bad move, since it engendered some resentment. i had invested quite a bit of brainpower into hypothesizing some plausible explanations for some of these plot turns and strange events, only to have the movie makers simply end it without giving an answer to any of these things. these are some nice cliffhangers for the ending of a miniseries that is about to pickup again next week, but a totally frustrating and inappropriate ending for a stand-alone movie.

no, this is nothing about that fairy tale with the pumpkin coach, fairy godmother and the glass slippers, but if i were to elaborate, i would have to spoil it for you, which i won't. but don't let curiosity get the better of you, as this movie is not fantastic. it's one of those movies that start off promisingly, before betraying its audience with cheap scare tactics and an incoherent storyline. and that's real horror.yoon-hee (to ji-won) and hyun-soo (shin se-kyeong) are your ideal mother and daughter. one's a successful plastic surgeon, while the other your dutiful, obedient, and beautiful teenage daughter. their relationship is like hand in glove, so close you'd think of them more as siblings rather than parent-child. but things start to go wrong (don't they always) when hyun-soo's friends, whom yoon-hee has operated on, start to go berserk.perhaps it's a warning to audiences, and for those koreans ladies who don't bat an eyelid when going under the knife, if news reports are to be believed. the only truly scary moments are those scenes in plastic surgery, though somehow, i thought kim ki-duk's time actually had more gore when featuring and describing what goes on during the surgery itself.it's a tale of two halves, the fist being an attempt to shock audiences with standard scare tactics, which, i admit, did get to me now and then. however, the second half degenerated the movie into mindless mumbo-jumbo melodramatics, and was quite contrived into its forcing its ideas down your throat. some things begin not to make sense, and while attempts are always presented to explain, you probably won't buy it, not that horror movies are logical to begin with.the leads are all beautiful, and there is a distinct lack of male presence besides the negligible cop role. but hey, i'm not complaining, though the storyline could have been improved tremendously. i'd recommend you to watch this, only if you're a fan of mediocre korean horror, on vcd. watch out for those face off-ish moments!

i caught this on showtime tonight and was amazed by how a movie with such a interesting premise could wind up being so unbelievably awful. who's your daddy? stars brandon davis as an adopted high school senior chris hughes, a geek who inherits the heir to a porn empire left to him by his biological parents. though the premise sounds like the movie could be a lot of fun, it is ruined by inept directing from first-time director andy fickman, a clichéd and predictable screenplay, and acting that is even bad by direct-to-video standards. even the normally funny charlie talbert turns in a surprisingly dismal performance as the best friend. ali landry is the only good part of this lame and unfunny dud. 1/10

when a comedy movie boasts its marvelous soundtrack on the back cover you know your not dealing with a top notch movie. i rented this movie with friends expecting to get some chuckles but overall to get most of our laughs off each other making fun of the movie. we couldn't have chosen a worse movie.the movie may have been alright with a few changes. first off, the comedy was painful. physical gags were poorly performed and placed. the fat kid in the movie made us want to kill ourselves, bless him for trying scene in and scene out but he was like a puppy begging for love. if he had been pulled from the movie everything might have been bearable. there were some funny jokes, i believe one was when the group of boys steal one of the parent's porn movies and it turns out to be gay porn. but to best sum up the comedy i will simply tell the opening gag for the fat kid. he wears a puke stained shirt and talks about not knowing when something is done.to finish off, the editor of the movie could have saved the movie by removing the fat kid, cutting out 20 minutes of the school scenes and making an ending that is longer than thirty seconds of random bickering.oh, btw, there are two good elements that the movie possesses. kadeem hardison plays his role wonderfully and performs his jokes so that none are missed or under-appreciated. the other redeeming element to the movie is the beautiful mrs. ali landry. her character is ignored most of the movie which is a shame.don't waste your time even renting this one. it didn't appeal to me and i was part of the target audience (18 male).

my friends usually can put up with a lot of hopeless movies but this one was too poor for us to even watch it to the end. it was just so boring and unoriginal. not even the "hot" girls that starred in this movie could keep me watching. everything was just predicable and annoying.the acting was at times good.....but more times bad. the most annoying character in the whole movie that you just wanted to die would have to be the main characters best friend. the more i saw him the more i wanted to smash my screen. (you know what fat ugly kid i'm talking about)the plot has been done so many times before i think they should be sued by other movie companies. ok, it is a good idea but thats all this movie had.overall this movie can only be watched if by your self, to save any abuse from your friends. or, if you have absolutely nothing better to do.

chris, an adopted son of a moral family, a loser whom works at the school newspaper with kate (christine lakin from of the awful sugary "step by step" show of the now thankfully defunct abc's tgif line-up), finds out that he's just inherited a porn empire from his biological parents. he loses sight of what true friendship and love is and blah blah some other nonsense. he also has to contend with an uncle who wants control of the family business and a shifty lawyer (arn't they are?) a slightly below average teen comedy that steals from better teen comedies (the opening alone is highly american pie-esquire), bops you on the head with the moral every chance it gets, and wastes the only star talent it has (wayne newton, lin shaye, and if i'm really stretching the star word, martin starr of "freaks and geeks", and justin berfield of "malcolm in the middle"). it's not bad exactly, but it's far from good.eye candy: a few extras get topless my grade: c- where i saw it: starz on demand (available until september 29th)

the humor in who's your daddy is such poor taste that i actually closed my eyes in certain scenes. close ups of semen are not funny! nobody thinks they are. people get nervous when they see something so gross and to hide their nervousness, they laugh. watching who's your daddy gave me a disgusting nervous feeling.

i have to confess that i am severely disappointed.this version can in no way compete with the version of 1995. the reason why i watched it was that i wasn't entirely happy with ciaran hinds as captain wentworth and thought that rupert penry-jones looked much more like the captain i had imagined when i read the book. and he was too.unfortunately that is the only redeeming quality of the film. the rest is as un-austen-like as possible.miss elliot would never have run through the streets of bath like this. it wasn't in her character and it just wasn't done by a lady of the those times. the anne elliot of the book was a lady and she had dignity. there are other painful anachronisms but this was the worst.although there are 3 important quotes from the book, they are at entirely inappropriate moments, warning those who know the book that yet another important part of the book will either be missing or completely changed.and although this version is not much shorter than the other one, it feels like everything is rushed. very little care was taken to introduce the characters, show their dispositions and motives. important scenes were omitted. how could they possibly have butchered the final scenes in this way ? a disaster ! and it was by far not as beautifully photographed as the other one.no, no, no. if you love austen, then don't waste your time with this.

i had eagerly awaited the first screening of this film ever since it was given to me on dvd at christmas. having reserved a special slot for it last night, i sat down to watch it with my daughter (aged 17 and a film studies student), with chocolates of course, in eager anticipation. we love jane austin.after just the first two minutes we knew we were sunk. the shaky camera shots and angles, general poor cinematography, direction and wooden performances had already left us feeling flat and dissatisfied. despondent, we viewed on.anne, played by sally hawkins, looked oddly and with no particular purpose, directly at the camera on several occasions, breaking our hard-won 'fantasy of the moment' and engaging us directly in an almost 'i'll find you' stalking fashion.poor rupert penry-jones, who played captain wentworth, did his best with the script and direction, bless him. i hope they paid him well, however, as he was practically drowned on one occasion by a huge wave which predictably breached the seawall, drenching him and his co-actor. they were nearly swept out to sea. health and safety would have had a field day! poor rupert was left spitting out sea water in order to deliver his line. presumably there was not enough money left in the kitty for a re-shoot of this scene. anyone with any sense would have not attempted it on such a day in the first place.other than mr. penry-jones, alice krige gave the only convincing performance as lady russell but her efforts were soon counterbalanced by those of anthony head's unconvincing portrayal of annoying sir walter elliott.towards the long-awaited end of the film, captain wentworth appeared to oddly grace anne with a visit every two seconds having taken great pains to avoid her for the majority of the movie. it was as if he had developed a memory impediment which caused him to forget his very reason for being. in contrast, anne ran, hyper-ventilating, from pillar to post in search of the good captain who, in the meantime, had managed to call upon almost the entirety of bath we are told, in the course of only three or four minutes, without even having worked up a sweat.we experienced none of anne's charms crossing the screen. indeed, we were left wondering what charismatic captain wentworth had ever seen in plain, spineless, opinion-less anne and why someone, anyone, did not tell mean, winging sir walter to just shut the heck up.the crucial kiss, normally our favourite girlie moment, was painfully drawn out. as they moved in closer, anne kept opening and closing her mouth which had the effect on screen of making her look as if she were chewing gum before lips finally met. eww! the most enjoyable thing about last night was the chocolates and the half hour exchange of views between mother and daughter on just how bad the film had been.what a pity to ruin such an enchanting and engaging story, filmed in some of england's finest scenery.sorry jane.

this production never really got off the ground for me. the plot is so cut up as to be disjointed and the production is so short that unless you've read the novel or seen a better adaptation (like the 1995 one with amanda root) you're going to be a bit lost since there's no time for character development.i liked sally hawkins as anne, but the rest of the cast fell rather short of what they should have been. mrs. croft was far too old, as was anne's elder sister elizabeth. mary uttered everything in such throbbing accents that the general peevishness and selfishness of her character was lost. much better was sophie thompson's mary, whose selfishness and sense of ill-usage is so well established that by the time wentworth suggests anne stay with the injured louisa and mary objects that she, as louisa's sister in law, should stay instead, you can't imagine anyone less suited to do so. in this version, she might as well stay as she is insufficiently differentiated from anyone else in the production.rupert penry-jones is nice to look at, but he made a much better st. john rivers (1995 jane eyre), probably because that character required less implied depth of feeling. i agree with the comments made earlier about the gig scene: seemed more like he was trying to get rid of anne than do her a favor. likewise the accident scene: it happens so fast and with so little context, you wonder what all the fuss is about. and moving the speech that wentworth overhears in the novel to the beginning of this production is a critical misstep that only contributes to the disjointed nature of the script. my other problem with this version was the lighting. sometimes everything looked like a scene from the csi morgue -- very very blue. other times the lighting was so bad it was hard to make out the scene very well, like when anne visits her old school friend, mrs. smith (who, by the way, is supposed to be more or less paralyzed. having her run up to anne on the street to tell her of mr. elliot's awful character was such a violation that for a minute i couldn't think who she was -- i thought she was one of the musgrove girls. and she might as well have been. all the girls were pretty much interchangeable). and the running scene at the end...in an era where propriety was at a premium, it's hard to imagine gentle anne tearing all over bath like some demented hoyden. how silly can you get? it's too bad. sally hawkins had all the makings of a good anne elliot, but she was completely hamstrung by a poorly organized script and an over-truncated production.

somewhere, on this site, someone wrote that to get the best version of the works of jane austen, one should simply read them. i agree with that. however, we love adaptations of great literature and the current writers' strike brings to mind that without good writers, it's hard for actors to bring their roles to life. the current version of jane austen's persuasion shows us what happens when you don't have a good foundation in a well-written adaptation. this version does not compare to the 1995 version with amanda root and ciaran hinds, which was well acted and kept the essence of the era and the constraints on the characters (with the exception of the bizarre parade & kissing in the street scene in bath). the 2007 version shows a twitty anne who seems angst-ridden. the other characters were not very developed which is a crime, considering how austen could paint such wonderful characters with some carefully chosen understatements. the sequence of events that made sense in the novel were completely tossed about, and mrs. smith, anne's bedridden and impoverished schoolmate is walking around in bath - - twittering away, as many of the characters seemed to do. the strength of character and the intelligence of captain wentworth, which caused anne to love him in the first place, didn't seem to be written into the rupert penry-jones' wentworth. ciaran hinds had more substance and was able to convey so much more with a look, than p-j was able to do with his poses. all in all, the 2007 version was a disappointment. it seemed to reduce the novel into a hand- wringing, costumed melodrama of debatable worth. if they wanted to bring our modern emotional extravagances into austen's work, they should have done what they do with adaptations of shakespeare: adapt it to the present. at least "bride & prejudice" was taken out of the historical & locational settings and was fun to watch, as was "clueless". this wasn't persuasion, but they didn't know what else to call it.

such a pretentious and lame attempt to hipness. diabolical script and dialogue and truly embarrassing acting. really the worse movie i have ever seen(at the cinema). nothing in my opinion saves this movie from being a total disaster. i saw it when it came out in a cinema in brighton. people were walking out and there were more people chatting outside the toilets than in the auditorium! at the end there were boos and scorn from the meagre crowd left, which was quite sad as relatives of one of the main actors were present and looked really sheepish. however the movie was that bad that i really could not feel like that sympathetic with them. everybody has to start from somewhere and their son started off his acting career with this truly awful attempt at 'tarantinism made in the uk'. 5 years have gone bye, but sometimes i still cringe at the memory of that sad night at the movies! this is a movie with no redeeming features whatsoever! i gave it a 1 as 0 was not available. they should invent a 'shameometer' for everybody involved in this sorry mess of a movie. i know some of them have moved on to better things, the positive thing is that none of them could have sank any lower than this.

filmfour are going to have to do a lot better than this little snot of a film if they're going to get the right sort of reputation for themselves.this film is set in glasgow (although only a couple of secondary characters have anything approaching a scottish accent). the premise, about people who's lives are going nowhere, who all meet up in the same cafe in the early hours of the morning as they have night jobs, could have made for a really funny, insightful, quirky, cultish film. instead we have a group of self-obsessed saddos and a plot which has been so done to bits i'm suprised it hasn't been banned. x and y are friends. x is sleeping with z. y sleeps with z as well. oh you figure it out.a total waste of time. painful dialogue - it sounded like something that a group of 16 year olds would have written for a gcse drama project. the female character was completely superfluous - just written in as a token female in the hope that women would be cajoled into seeing it.if you're the sort of thicko lad who laughs at beer adverts and can usually be found wandering round in packs shouting on saturday nights in nondescript town centres then you will love this film and find it "a right laff". everyone else, run, don't walk away from this sorry little misfit.and one question, when the group left the "boring" seaside town (saltcoats incidentally although they changed the name on the film), to go back to glasgow, why did they do it via the forton motorway services at lancaster which is in england?

as far as films go, this is likable enough. entertaining characters, good dialogue, interesting enough story. i would have really quite liked it had i not been irritated immensely whilst watching at the utter disrespect it shows the city it is set in.glasgow. in scotland. yet every character is english (save for sean's girlfriend, who is dutch). scottish accents are heard only fleetingly in menial jobs & roles. as a scottish woman (& as a viewer who likes her "real life" films to be a bit more like real life) i really don't think it would have hurt to use any one of the countless talented scottish actors...or at least got english ones who could toss together a decent accent! the futile attempt at using the word "wee" a few times did nothing but to further the insult.

ok i caught this film halfway through, but.oh.dear.god.it.sounds.like.they're.all.reading.from.scripts.especially that guy who is now in teachers and the book group, although at least he has proved that he can act if he wants to! (the part where someone has a heart attack stands out as a bastion of bad film making both in terms of acting, scripting and general plausibility) it quite clearly appears to be a cash-in on human traffic, but whilst that is not the best film ever, it is at least original and had actors whose delivery did not resemble that of earnest-yet-hopeless gcse students trying to get a pass grade. not so much as human traffic as a bit of a car crash!

wow, this film was just bloody horrid. so bad in fact that even though i didn't pay to see it, i still wanted my money back.the film is about nothing intelligible. it's a mish-mash of sci-fi cliche's that were done better by much more skilled film makers. the performances, especially by the leads were over the top in a less endearing ed wood sort of way. speaking of ed wood, he'd be proud of the character's dialogue. it's just too taciturn with no hint of irony or sense of humor. on top of that, it doesn't make sense, nor does the plot, or lackthereof.the visual effects are okay, but not enough to go "oh wow, that's cool" and they just seem to be thrown in to "be cool" rather than be a good plot device.the soundtrack was another mishmash of stuff that really never set any sort of mood. again, it seemed as if the director was just throwing in songs in the film in an effort to "be cool".which brings me to my final point. perhaps if the director actually worried more about plot, story and dialogue instead of trying to "be cool", he wouldn't have made such a dorky cliche' of a short film.

saw this piece of work at a film fest in ca. my god, what was the director thinking? film professors should use this film as a case study on what not to do when making a short film. first off, this project makes absolutely no sense whatsoever. the film takes place partially in "the waystation", some stupid vapid bar in the middle of nowhere, where nothing really takes place.the acting is beyond bad. so bad in fact that i almost thought it was a comedy. the lead actress julia reading is a step below the acting in most amateur porn films. there is one or two decent performances, including the guys who played jacob and fenner but it's like the director had no clue on how to work or use his thespians. the only thing worse than the acting was the dialogue, which bordered on absurd. the writer (whom i assume is also the director) writes each character like they are auditioning for a comic book villain.the overall production value is pretty good, but to be honest, with a film this bad it's easy to overlook it. the production design is pretty good, although the waystation looks like any ordinary bar. the costumes and make-up are okay, and i understand the production was working with a low budget. it's just when the characters speak, or they try and push the plot forward, the film unravels into a muck of crap.as i've said, this film is god awful. it's like the director/writer watched a lot of sci-fi films and threw all the parts he liked into a blender and came up with this. my only hope is that he used other people's money on this, because if he used his own, he's a total sucker.

this is just one more of those hideous films that you find on lifetime tv which portray the abhorrent behavior of some disgusting woman in an empathetic manner. along with other such nasty films as "the burning bed," "enough," or "monster," this film takes a disgusting criminal and attempts to show the viewer why she's not such a bad person after all. give us a break! here's my question to the filmmakers: if letourneau were a man, and vili were a 12 year old girl, would you have made a picture sympathizing and empathizing with this person? answer: hell no.imagine switching the genders in this film, and then you'll see just why myself and others here consider this a worthless piece of garbage. were the genders switched, there would be no attempt to empathize with the criminal. instead, we'd likely be treated to a portrayal of a monstrous and hideous man preying upon a young girl, his lascivious behavior landing him in prison, and his brainwashed victim suffering from stockholm syndrome. the only reason letourneau does not receive the same treatment in this film is by virtue of her sex.let's call a spade a spade. letourneau is a pedophile. plain and simple. no ifs, ands or buts. she's a criminal who belongs in prison, and deserves our derision and contempt, but certainly not our pity or empathy.

an actor asks, "what's my motivation?," to understand his or her character. after viewing this this "docudrama," this vague and haphazard farce, a viewer wonders what anyone's motivation was.this inept offspring of daytime t.v. (the oprah show) missed by a mile a great opportunity to explore weighty issues.its characters were all shallow and superficial, its story line far less socially redeeming than a "simpsons" episode. it gratuitously portrayed investigating police as unprofessional and incompetent. it failed to offer why the court might treat the main character, a female child molester, so differently than it would have a male perp.why did this unrepentant woman begin "grooming" her second grade student, beginning an affair with him when he returned to her sixth grade class? why did the boy's mother testify in her behalf? the simple answer is overwhelming narcissism, plus generational rationalization and greed. the movie gave no hint of that.why wasn't the viewer informed that the victim's mother sold interview rights to print and television tabloids, parading her adolescent son on "the today show"? that mary kay's lawyer cashed in, she herself appealing a "son of sam" statute so she could benefit from her crime by selling her story to the highest bidder?why wasn't it explained that letourneau's father was a former right wing republican congressman, the 1972 american independent presidential candidate, the john birch society president? in 1983 john schmitz's political career ended when he was found to have had children by his own community college student, exposed only when that mistress sexually mutilated their infant son? yet letourneau's dad had removed his many kids from "too liberal" catholic schools, fighting to keep all schoolchildren from receiving any sex education?a month after her conditional release, again pregnant with the now 14-year-old's second daughter, mary kay received 7 1/2 years in prison for numerous probation violations. a prophetic editorial regarding the sad affair then appeared in the seattle times: "at the end of two wretched hours, letourneau was led off to jail, and this salacious melange of made-for-tv seaminess was over, until casting begins."sure enough, 18 months later, filming of this travesty was underway.

this movie is a pathetic attempt, apparently, to justify the actions of mary ann letourneau. in order to do this, they cast a 19-year-old -well, probably not "in order to do this." there was no way they could have cast a 12 or 13 year old as the boy because the love scenes would have grossed everyone out (if they had even been allowed to do them) - as they should. mary ann's boyfriend was my nephew's age, making her a pedophile. sixth grade, people. the definition of pedophile doesn't have to include many children - all you need is one.i really don't care about her upbringing or her unhappy marriage. she had a responsibility to her students that she did not live up to. the reason given is that she is bipolar, rejected the diagnosis, and refused to take her medication. it's understandable, then, that she was not thinking rationally. one hopes that she now understands her actions.now that she and vili are married and have two children together, i pray that she is on her medication and thinking clearly.all that aside, penelope ann miller was totally convincing and perfect casting for the role.

this was a very brief episode that appeared in one of the "night gallery" show back in 1971. the episode starred sue lyon (of lolita movie fame) and joseph campanella who play a baby sitter and a vampire, respectively. the vampire hires a baby sitter to watch his child (which appears to be some kind of werewolf or monster) while he goes out at night for blood. the baby sitter is totally oblivious to the vampire's appearance when she first sees him and only starts to put two and two together when she notices that he has no reflection in the mirror, has an odd collection of books in the library on the occult, and hears strange noises while the vampire goes to talk to the child. she realizes that the man who hired her may not be what she thought he was originally. she bolts out the door, the vampire comes out looking puzzled and the episode is over. i don't know what purpose it was to make such an abbreviated episode that lasted just 5 minutes. they should just have expanded the earlier episode by those same 5 minutes and skipped this one. a total wasted effort.

curiously, season 6 of the columbo series contained only three episodes and there is very little evidence of quality in at least two of the scripts, based on this outing for the "man-in-the-mac" and also "fade into murder".furthermore, it is not a coincidence that peter s. feibleman penned both the aforementioned scripts (incidentally he plays the part of the murdered security guard here).this adventure is very rarely compelling and many of the performers just look disinterested with the material. the story is rather weakly developed with some protracted periods of boring conversation.columbo is also shadowed by a colleague here(similar to "last salute to the commodore") but the entertainment value is minimal. to add to this, celeste's holm characterisation, which is intended to provide comedy, induces embarrassment rather than laughs.the script wavers off to deal with the family history and the murderess does enough to gift columbo the case, though there is never a credible discussion relating to the motives of her crime.ironically, what turns out to be, arguably, columbo's worst adventure produces the funniest moment in the series. he quizzes a male hairdresser and has a haircut/manicure at the same time. the next 5 minutes are hilarious - it's just that columbo's hair is so perfectly groomed, then he can't afford to pay the bill and then, when he makes enquiries at a jewellers he keeps glancing in the mirror to admire his hairstyle!sadly, this is the only decent moment from a script that looks like it has been cobbled together in ten minutes. for columbo completionists only.

like all cult tv shows, there is a group of people who love the twilight zone so much that they rate practically every episode like they are the greatest shows ever. while several of them are indeed wonderful classics, the truth is for every great episode, there were several that were mediocre and at least one that stank. however, like die-hard trekkies, these zone lovers insist that all of them are gold. in fact, this is what initially got me to review some individual episodes of a couple cult series instead of the movies i usually watch.while this isn't the worst episode ever made nor is it among the very worst, it is poor by any reasonable standard. a widow watches a long procession of civil war soldiers going past her home. in the end, a very unexpected twist is revealed and there isn't a whole lot of excitement or suspense here.

this programme bugs me! there is no humour to it and is far too serious to be called "fun"! it's just far too educational for my liking! the characters are very stereotyped and unappealing. the plots are redundant and the morals are just repeated over and over again. where's the fun in it? also i feel this has been on the bbc for far too long and is broadcast way too much. does it really need to have a slot on t.v every 2 or 3 months when a brand new show runs out of episodes? i think it's time that the bbc starting bringing back some of their older shows like: inspector gadget, bananaman, the smurfs, snorks, moomins, the raccoons and count duckula other than continually giving contracts to these newer shows! i thought the bbc where bring back danger mouse, so what's going on with that?! 3/10

i saw arthur(the tv series and the books)years ago and never was fond of the show very much(if you're a fan of this cartoon,sorry if i'm spoiling it for you,but this is actually what i think).lots of people liked it,but i didn't.the school kids characters seemed to fought all the time(especially arther and dw),they were nice to each other frequently,but gradually i got tired of arthur's complaining attitude towards everyone and his sister dw(however the name was spelled),and dw was an adhd(or add)-like 4-year-old sister of arthur who was sometimes demanding(which could be why arthur got annoyed with what her routines were,like her imaginary friend and her stuffed animal collection etc.),arthur's friends acted like teenagers instead of what they were like in the arthur books,and the parents,well,they didn't care very much.the greatest cartoon was rocko's modern life,not arthur(no offense).

first one was much better, i had enjoyed it a lot. this one has not even produced a smile. the idea was showing how deep down can human kind fall, but in reference to the characters not the film-maker.

this film has a special place in my heart as the worst movie i have ever seen. it is about as fun as doing hard manual labor with stomach cramps. the movie starts out bad (i would rate the first few minutes of the film a 1/10) and then it get progressively worse, minute by minute. the only way to rate it at all would be some kind of abyssmal spiraling negative number that grows for ninety, long minutes. unfunny is not a real word but it best describes the humor in this video. somehow the video manages even to make cute, scantily clad females and sex look grotesque and distasteful. this movie is amazingly bad. i would say it would be better to be locked up with the titanic theme playing over and over and with buscemi's character from escape from la droning on in your ear than to watch this movie. the sequels are not nearly as bad. if you have to rent a troma film, get tromeo and juliette or combat shock. i would rather watch 5 tony little infomercials back to back than to see class of nukem high again. don't get me wrong, it took some kind of criminal genius to make a movie this terrible and if ever a movie deserved an award for being awful, this is it.

it looks to me as if the creators of "the class of nuke 'em high" wanted it to become a "cult" film, but it ends up as any old high school b-movie, only tackier. the satire feels totally overshadowed by the extremely steretyped characters. it's very un-funny, even for a turkey.

what to say about this movie. well it is about a bunch of good students who have some bad drugs and turn into delinquent students that sell more of the bad drugs to people. two of those people have adverse effects as one turns into a toxic avenger type and his girlfriend throws up some creature that grows in the school's basement. that is about all there is to it and they stretch it out for 84 minutes. this movie is pretty bad and should be locked away forever. though that is not fair, some people like troma's movies and they can watch it if they want. troma movies for me though, are the worst movies there are out there. i just watched this one out of morbid curiosity.

i absolutely adore the 'toxic avenger' series, but this weak offering by the troma people didn't make any sense, and it had me yawning all the time.a leaking nuclear plant (and the growing weed next to it) makes the youngsters of tromaville high go nuts, which causes them to join a gang, have sex, explode, and whatever. also there's some sort of monster breeding in the high school... my god, this movie's a mess.the actors pretty much stopped their efforts after this one and they should. the (intended) overacting started to get on my nerves in about 5 minutes...disappointing. 2/10.

this film might have weak production values, but that is also what makes it so good. the special effects are gross out and well done. my favorite part of the movie had to be chrissy played by janelle brady. she is super hot and also has a good nude scene. robert prichard as the leader of the gang is hilarious, as are the other members. this film is actually trying to make a point, by saying that nuclear waste plants are bad. 4/10 fair comedy, gross out film.

tromaville high has become an amoral wasteland of filth thanks to the aftereffects of the nearby nuclear plant's accidental release of toxic waste.unrestrained chaos crammed with absurd violence and crude behavior. rather horrible, obviously intended to be, mess of a film with the filmmakers cutting loose the reins allowing the untalented cast free reign to ham it up. craft was far down troma's list of objectives for this gory sleazefest. the honor society are punks with eerie face paint jobs and wacky outfits. the german teacher who becomes a member, through a "toxic kiss" has the streaks down one side of her face that really gave me the creeps.the toxic monster, which dispatched the annoying punks towards the end, is pretty cool, though.kind of movie trash connoisseurs will embrace wholeheartedly.

typical troma-trash, this smutty 80's flick is considered one of the "highlights" of lloyd kaufman's notorious production studio, alongside "the toxic avenger" released one year earlier. "the toxic avenger" is far superior if you ask me, but this demented splatter-flick is nevertheless endurable as well; just make sure you leave your full brain capacity at the door. the events take place in tromaville, a little town that proudly claims to be the toxic chemical capital of the world, and they certainly aren't lying. the safety precautions in the local nuclear power plant are substandard, to say the least (even homer simpson never was this nonchalant) and toxic waste seeps through to the nearby high school. the first intoxicated victim is the stereotypical nerd, who starts spurting green stuff out of all his body cavities, but his death is believed to be an accident because he had no less than two microwave ovens in his house! oh, the humanity! shortly after, however, the nuclear leaks also affect the school's weed plantation and thing really start to get messy. after smoking a joint at a party, the cutest couple in school produce a gigantic worm monster that settles in the basement and feeds on teenage scum. "class of nuke 'em high" is bottom-of-the-barrel horror film-making, with dialogs so dumb they hurt your ears and make-up effects that give a whole new meaning to the word tasteless. if you enjoy watching faces melting away, getting crushed or splitting in half, this is definitely a must-see! unlike the aforementioned "the toxic avenger", this film suffers from a couple of really dull and overlong moments where nothing really significant happens, like for example when chrissy and warren try to figure out what's wrong with their hormones. the crude humor isn't as effective as in "toxic avenger" and the acting performances are unforgivably amateurish. proceed only if you're an avid troma-fanatic.

all day now i've been watching dinosaurs, and all day they've had the same fundamental problem.they don't believe in firearms. they just don't seem to have been _told_ about them or something. bullets _bounce_ off of dinosaurs! maybe it's because they became extinct millions of years before the invention of gunpowder, and the laws of physics were just different back then... aah, no. come on. if they're close enough to chemically operate today, they'd have to be vulnerable to fast (even subsonic) lead projectiles. it's that simple.look, the toughest-skinned reptiles on the planet today, alligators and crocodiles, are completely vulnerable to basic rifle fire. they're nothing magic. you can shoot a pistol round right through the heavy scales on their backs. they don't take armor-piercing bullets or anything special. small bullets penetrate them, they just don't kill them. somewhat (but not really) large bullets are preferred because the challenge (as with most game) is to kill the animal with one shot, so it doesn't run. (hunters consider it immoral to allow prey to run off and die unharvested.)most animals, including predators, are easily repelled by gunfire. between the noise, and the pain of even a non-lethal wound, most will run away. an exception are big bears, which are so fearless that they're merely enraged by mortal wounds. cape buffalo are regarded as highly dangerous because they are well known to charge when wounded. we've seen video of the big bulls of a herd of cape buffalo rescuing a calf from an entire pride of lions. a big cat will run if it can, but if it can't it will charge as a final act of desperation. where a t.rex would fit in this spectrum is unknown. their behavior simply has not been observed. with these larger animals, safe hunting becomes a matter of applying an appropriately large and powerful projectile, and/or applying several of them rapidly enough to counter its charge. with a t.rex, of course, this could be a serious problem. i've seen a t.rex skull (they have one in the museum downtown) and carrying a gun big enough to bust that might be impractical. chewing its neck off with lots of smaller fire might be a more viable approach. small bullets would still _penetrate_ them, they wouldn't just bounce off just because the animal is too big to easily kill! so here we have cortez and his men (this is _before_ the famous mexican campaign, apparently) captured by american natives and scheduled for sacrifice on the pyramid. it appears that all those human sacrifices were about appeasing the bloodthirst of the pair of t.rexes that terrorized the continent in the day. rather than just having their hearts cut out and being fed to the lizards, cortez et al talk the aztecs into letting them hunt & kill them. ok, maybe they don't have m-16s like the guys in the "carnosaur" series, but they _do_ have flintlocks, crossbows, pointed sticks (big ones, made from trees) and swords. maybe that's a little less uneven than squads of soldiers with full auto, but they've several guys and i'd quickly bet on them over a dinosaur. oh, wait, there's a _cannon_, about a 4-incher. that's just the ticket for busting a tyrannosaurus' skull! so they lay a trap, with a squad of men, cannon, pointed sticks in a ravine, and lure the first t.rex into it, using a pretty brown girl as bait. cortez points out that they'll not have time to reload, so they'll have to close the range until they can be certain of their aim. t.rex totally ignores their volley of flintlock fire, and we see both a crossbow bolt _and_ the cannon ball _bounce_ off! forget it. end of credibility. a crossbow bolt would defeat cortez' torso armor, and a 4" cannon ball might penetrate the hull of a wooden ship! this would also _certainly_ get through the hide, ribcage, or skull of any animal ever to walk this planet. (do you think a _whale_ could withstand a 4" cannon ball?) and here's t.rex, still standing, not even bleeding. so cortez lures it to the ravine, where it falls onto the pointed sticks, which (i guess by magic) penetrate it and kill it. yaaay, pointed sticks! the dinos aren't completely invulnerable to gunfire - they manage to put out an eye of the second one with a pistol. this runs it off, so it's not as mean as a bear or a buffalo, at least in the movies.they kill the second dinosaur with a bomb - made from a gourd filled with gunpowder and gemstones. my money would still be on the cannon. it's engineered function is to concentrate all the gunpowder's energy in one direction - toward the target. a bomb is a much more diffused application of force. a _real_ bomb (not a gourd bomb) has a steel casing which contains the explosion to extremely high pressure. (think: pipe bomb vs firecracker.) a pile of gunpowder set on fire will simply go poof. (trust me on that one.)

i have never seen one of these scifi originals before, this was the first. i think it only fair to judge the acting, direction/production, set design and even the cgi effects on the other scifi movies. to compare it to your typical hollywood production is unfair. i will say, however, that overall aztec rex was not exactly reminiscent of werner herzog's masterpiece aguirre, wrath of god.i will begin by noting that, yes, i do recognize the fact that this movie has more to do with culture-clash than it does with dinosaurs. despite this being a made-for-tv sci-fi movie, there is some underlying context to the story which i shall examine. the symbolic elements included are evident enough.consequently, as a student of history, theology, mythology and film: i found the dialogue outrageous and the plot themes to be somewhat insulting. i am not asking for any mea culpas on behalf of the producers - as i said before the movie is what it is. but what concerns me is that much of the younger demographic for this movie probably rely on television to provide them their lessons when it comes to history and cultural diversity.the main problem manifests itself most visibly with the character ayacoatl (not a commentary on dichen lachman's performance, but simply how her character was written, although, i'll say she has some work to do before she receives any emmy nods). it is through her character that the spanish europeans actions are justified. her function in the film as the love interest of rios affirms that the european way is the right way, simply because they are european. there is really no other reason given. it's really just left to the assumption that the viewer is meant to associate themselves with the europeans over the aztec because their dress, language, ideology, etc is more familiar to them than the aztec - so therefore the aztec are portrayed as adversarial and 'backwards.' and it's not simply that the viewer is left with that assumption due to ethnocentric perception on the viewers part, but it really seems like the story is trying to convince the viewer - as if the aztec were not capable of coming up with a plan - if not a better one - to lure a dinosaur to its death on a bed of punji sticks.in fairness, there is a subgroup of the spanish who are portrayed as looting temples and intent on simply abusing the native mesoamericans. there is also a scene where we have the christian holy man noting the achievements of the aztec: "they have agriculture, medicine, calendar, etc." - but in the end it is still the aztec warrior who is portrayed as the main antagonist of the movie, even over the 'thunder lizards' (more on that later). he his portrayed as treacherous, duplicitous and attempts to dispatch the romantic european spaniard by tricking him into consuming hallucinogenic mind altering mushrooms - an important spiritual component to certain aspects and religions of the native meso & north americans (again, more on this later) so that he can keep the female he feels belongs to him and away from the spaniard. now in analyzing the true nature of the story (leaving the obvious christian vs. pagan themes off of the table) from a symbolic standpoint - a viewer can easily take these so-called thunder lizards to be representatives of the mesoamerican ideology/theology, which in this movie is portrayed as being one intent on: bloodthirstiness, mercilessness, cruelness, wicked, maybe even evil? in opposition, we have this group of christian wanderers, led by a young hernando cortes who are portrayed as naive, yet overall noble, lambs caught up in the dark heathen world of the aztec. also, the name of the film is aztec rex, leading one to believe that it is about dinosaurs out to eat people. however, what aztec rex translates to is aztec king, a the head of the aztec state, or in this instance 'state-of-being.' (hence, why the title of the film was changed). and so who in fact do we see as the new aztec king at the end? it's the remaining spaniard, rios. aztec rex is in reference to the new european ideology which overcame, through disease, bloodshed, war & famine, native americans. rios symbolizes the ideal european - as the presenters of this film would like them to be remembered (in opposition to cortes who represents the 'practical-yet-still-noble european'). but when you examine the holocausts of the americas, let us be honest: don't the symbolic components of this film's story have it backwards? i have to say aztec rex is at worst a little racist, or to be kind about it, ignorant at best.and yes, i know it's just a movie, all meant to be in fun, i understand, but so at the end we're left with the idea that rios was the father of the last remaining aztec lines? i wonder what native mesoamericans would have to think about this ending... as for myself, i thought it was a little too self indulgent.best supporting performance of the movie goes to ian ziering's wig - although conspicuous - it did at least alter ziering's appearance enough so that i didn't think i was watching the yuppie from 90210 leading a bunch of conquistadors into the heart of darkness. ziering actually proves himself to be a more-than-capable actor in this movie, i actually bought his performance, or at least i forgot it was ian ziering anyway. i don't know whom his agent is, but he should get more work.in closing, it was also a pleasure to see jim mcgee again. i've been a fan ever since his all too brief scene-stealing performance in 1988's scrooged.alexander quaresma - deusexmachina529@aol.com

to be fair they did as well as they could with a budget of five shillings and sixpence, but the dialogue was more cheesy than 9lbs of emmental and the cgi was a little old hat now. maybe if some of the actors were not so perfectly chiselled out of granite it would have made the film a little better too.. to say this was awful is to do this film a mis-service, if you want to see something that is totally execrable, you gotta sit and waste a couple of hours of your life watching 'sickle', that is soo mind numbingly awful, its actually good,(several large alcoholic beverages are deriguer though. any road up, i enjoyed this film and its gotta be worth a look if you have not seen it yet, just don't expect anything along the lines of 'jurassic park,the lost world' or 'apocalypto'.

tyrannosaurus azteca is set during the sixteenth century where famous spanish explorer hernando cortes (ian ziering) has landed in mexico with six of his best men including lieutenant rios (marco sanchez), they intend to claim the land in the name of the spanish & maybe steal some gold too if the opportunity arises. within minutes they have their first sight of local aztec savages, within minutes after that cortes & his men are captured & held prisoner. if that wasn't bad enough it turns out that a couple of tyrannosaurus rex live there & like to eat the locals, in an effort to win their lives the spanish offer to help the locals get rid of their monster problem but with various hidden agendas & ulterior motives it's not just the dinosaurs they have to watch out for...directed by brian trenchard-smith (who, coincidently, made one of my all time favourite exploitations films turkey shoot (1982) which i throughly recommend to one & all) & also more commonly known under the spoof sounding title of aztec rex (the title was changed by the sci-fi channel when they aired it maybe as the original title tyrannosaurus azteca sounds like it might be a foreign film) this is yet another idiotic & cheap looking sci-fi channel 'creature feature' & that's all you need to know really. based on & around the real spanish conquistador cortes during his expedition to mexico the film definitely doesn't strive for historic accuracy although i will admit that the story tries to do something slightly different here but ultimately tyrannosaurus azteca is still just a 'creature feature' with a bunch of people running from some poor cgi computer graphic of a monster despite it's period setting. not too sure what else i can say, despite being set centuries ago the usual clichés are here, the character's are the usual cardboard cutouts, make stupid decisions & the selfish one, the heroic one, the backstabbing one, the faceless victim who exists just to get eaten & the pretty woman are all here & easy to spot. the film is predictable, silly, dull & doesn't really entertain on any level although it does move along at a decent pace & there's one or two half decent moments of gore if that sort of thing interests you. the story isn't that good & has plenty of holes too, this is also the sort of film that you will have completely forgotten about within a few days.now i have seen & commented on plenty of sci-fi channel 'creature features' & usually the cgi computer effects are terrible & while tyrannosaurus azteca doesn't exactly buck the trend i will admit there are a few effects shots which look alright but then they are usually ruined by an absolutely awful effects shot straight afterwards. there's a few decent gore effects here too, there's a cut out heart, a guy's leg is bitten off, there's some blood splatter, a cool shot of a guy left holding his own intestines after he has been attacked by the dinosaur, there's a few dead bodies seen & someone is stabbed with a spear. the t-rex gets to eat a couple of people too. the production values are really cheap, the aztec set looks like one of those theme park attractions made from styrofoam & those spanish men must have been imprisoned in the worst enclosure in cinematic history with the fence supposedly keeping them in lower than a mans waist, they could have simply stepped out of it & run away it was so low.with a supposed budget of about $900,000 i can't see where the money went, shot in o'ahu in hawaii in apparently fifteen days. the acting isn't great from no-one i have ever heard of.tyrannosaurus azteca really isn't any better than any other cheap sci-fi channel 'creature feature' despite an almost interesting & unusual premise, that basic statement should basically be enough for you to decide whether you will enjoy this or not (at a guess probably not).

i don't know if this is one of the syfy channel original movies, but that's exactly what it feels like. a cheap, low budget action movie that was probably made very quickly, it contains laughable effects, lame dialog, and one vaguely faded star to give some name brand recognition to it (funny how many of the kids from 90210 are doing cheap tv movies now).ian ziering plays cortes, who we know from history as the explorer who wiped out entire populations of native people while conquering parts of north america. here, he is not played as a hero or even sympathetic, but as a slimy opportunist; his character would probably be killed off if this weren't loosely based on a historical figure. in this story, cortes is on a brief surveying mission, trying to find something of value to prove he deserves financing to further explore america. he and his men find a small tribe of aztecs plagued by dinosaurs.the actual hero of the story turns out to be lt. rios, who proves to be honorable, resourceful, and wise. he knows the right thing to do in every situation, which puts him at opposition with cortes, as well as with the young, ambitious aztec shaman. of course, the native girl who is supposed to marry the headstrong, scheming shaman falls for rios, furthering his anger towards the spanish outsiders. so it's all pretty cliché. the dinosaurs are dispatched with relative ease. despite taking place in an area that seems wide open, the story pretty much takes place in either the woods, or the aztec village for 95% of the time, so it isn't visually exciting either.i didn't even recognize ian ziering. they gave him a ridiculous wig and an unconvincing accent, and somehow he disappeared into it. he doesn't look or sound spanish for a second, however, making the casting choice wrong in every way. if this movie had been released theatrically, he would have been singled out for a razzie, no question.overall, forgettable.

take a scifi original movie and mix in a little alternative/revisionist history, and you get "aztec rex." apparently hernand cortes, before conquering the aztec empire, had to first conquer a tyrannosaurus rex and her mate. that's the thrust of this movie. given the plot it could have really sucked; the fact that it only kind of sucked is a tip of the cap to the writers. there are a few problems. for starters, cortes is played by ian ziering. even with a black wig, ziering as cortes is about as convincing as axl rose playing gandhi. and though cortes conquers the indigenous peoples of mexico, the aztecs here seem to be played by an all-hawaiian ensemble. casting aside, the t-rex(es) look reasonably good, though every time one of them gets shot it just oozed cgi. and they die too easily; i suppose if a t-rex were around in real life they probably could be felled or at least wounded by some rather rudimentary, 16th-century weaponry. but it takes something away from the movie. there are also some graphic t-rex-swallowing-human scenes, which is surprising, but in this context i thought they worked ok. there's plenty of action, and the whole colonization angle is prevalent throughout but doesn't overwhelm the dinosaur angle, unlike the other recent scifi original dinosaur movie "warbirds." overall, a mediocre (but decent by scifi original standards) movie that rates a modest 4.

with nothing better to do i decided to check out "aztec rex" (as it was being billed) for the hell of it.the silly story might have played better if the dinosaur effects were convincing. they actually looked like animatics (those rough designs that artists later use to finish the cgi effects, adding more details, smoother movements, etc.) absolutely awful-looking dinosaurs, which is the only reason you'd probably want to sit through this anyway.the one redeeming factor was the lovely dichen lachman as ayacoatl. she kept my interest; if only the budget had been ramped up and some convincing dinosaurs could have been used.disappointing. at least the cast and crew got a free trip to hawaii, where the movie was filmed.

i'll bet none of you knew that the famous conquistador hernando cortes made a preliminary scouting expedition to mexico before taking on the aztecs. good thing he did because he would never have known about those t rexs that inhabited one particular valley where the locals revered them as gods.that was understandable. what wasn't was the casting of blue eyed ian ziering as cortes. even with the blond hair made famous in beverly hills 90210 dyed black, ian looked positively ridiculous. at least he made no attempt at a spanish accent.the real hero of tyrannosaurus azteca is marco sanchez also late of a television series with a semi-recurring role in walker texas ranger as detective sandoval of the dallas pd. he finds true love with an aztec princess and life would be just perfect if it wasn't for those pesky prehistoric beasts the natives worship.tyrannosaurus azteca looks like they used some outtakes from the famous sid&marty krofft series the land of the lost. all that was needed was some sleestak to appear.if you're interested in finding out about this reconnoitering expedition that didn't quite make the history books by all means check out tyrannosaurus azteca. then try and sit through it with a straight face.

i saw the 7.5 imdb rating on this movie and on the basis of that decided to watch this movie which my roommate had rented. she said she had seen it before. "it's funny and sad! i cried the first time i saw it," she gushed. maybe compared to other bollywood movies this deserves a 7.5 out of 10, but in comparison to all the other movies i have seen in my lifetime, this deserves no more than a 3. any movie where i can perpetually guess what is going to happen next is no good for me. the characters are unbelievable, how the act is not realistic at all and their motives are contrived. it is over dramatic and the songs aren't all that great. my biggest problem with bollywood movies is the lack of subtlety. all the emotions are way too overdone and thus not at all realistic. any emotion or bond between characters that is the least bit subtle must be magnified with an unnecessary song. i think i understood that the relationship between the father and son was more like one between friends than one between a parent and child without having to have it conveyed via a five minute long song. the stupid comic relief complete with laugh track was not funny or necessary (we get it, laxman isn't the sharpest tool in the shed). if a movie tries to elicit tears through the most hackneyed means possible it just isn't meaningful, just a bit embarrassing.*****spoiler*****generally if someone has terminal stage lung cancer their son who lives with them would know something was wrong without having to be told. too many plot holes to count. at first the movie was amusing and cute in the way bollywood movies are to people who don't watch them that avidly but it just got tedious. it takes a lot of skill to make a movie that is amusing and heartwrenching and the best way to do it is usually not having all the amusing parts in the first half of the movie and all the heartwrenching parts at the end.*****spoiler over***** perhaps it had a very little more depth than other bollywood movies that i have seen, but not much at all. i spent more time laughing at the stupidity of the movie than the parts that were supposed to be funny. i didn't shed a single tear nor did i feel like it, rather i was overwhelmed with a feeling of disgust at the attempt at a dramatic ending. i don't recommend this movie if you want to watch something good, i recommend it if you want to watch a bollywood movie that is kind of sad.

i cannot believe that the indian film industry still puts out such third-rate dross as waqt. for starters, the storyline is totally implausible – spoilt son gets thrown out of family home so as to teach him some self-sufficiency. so what does he do? he promptly goes on to win some national talent contest by doing some star jumps in front of a panel of judges (i honestly am not joking here). in the meantime, his dad is dying of lung cancer, but keeps it a secret from the son, but he survives long enough to see his son become famous, to see his new grandson and also make a new toy giraffe with his own hands.the acting is cringe worthy in its hamminess – no effort was made to try and act in any convincing manner by any of the main players in this film. as usual for indian films, the family lived in a huge mansion and seemed relatively untouched by the concerns of the real world.to be honest, the main losers when such dire films are made are the intelligent viewers who made the mistake of seeing such a film. the actors, such as amitabh bachchan and akshay kumar, will still be revered as gods by those people who have nothing but blind faith in bollywood.

after the superb aankhen(2002) which was a remake of a gujarati play he comes with waqt which too looks like a stage playin stage plays, we have characters shouting, overacting here too the samethe first half shows amitabh almost kidding the 40+ akshay kumar who acts too funny like a small nerdthe film has a good message how not to spoil your son but sadly the way amitabh wants to make akki responsible is absolutely fakeeven his reason for hiding his sickness, his runnign from the hospital and the melodramatic speech by akki is a put offsome emotions do touch you but most are too over the toprajpal's comedy is hilarious but too stretched in second half direction by vipul shah is too overdone though some scenes are good music is okayamongst actors amitabh overdoes it in the first half but is superb in emotional scenes akshay kumar too does his part well but looks umcomfortable in some too weepy scenes his chemistry with bachchan is matchless rajpal is a highlight, he makes you laugh without overacting and just his presence and his dumb behaviour and deadpan humour he is a riot boman is good in some comic parts but too loud at places priyanka is the heroine so nothing to do, this is her last film with akki so far shefali is awesome though she looks too young for bachchan

i've been going through the afi's list of the top 100 comedies, and i must say that this is truly one of the worst. not just of the 90 movies on the list i've seen, but of any movie i've ever seen. drunks are funny sometimes, dudley isn't. liza almost made it worthwhile, but alas... just go watch arrested development if you want to see her in something good. seriously, dudley laughing and drinking is supposed to be funny? i would highly recommend almost any other movie on the afi's top 100 comedies for more laughs than this. if you want to see a funnier "drunk", try the thin man. funnier movie in general, any marx brothers movie will kill (especially if you're as drunk as arthur).

i sat through almost one episode of this series and just couldn't take anymore. it felt as though i'd watched dozens of episodes already, and then it hit me.....there's nothing new here! i've heard that joke on seinfeld, i saw someone fall like that on friends, an episode of happy days had almost the same storyline, ect. none of the actors are interesting here either! some were good on other shows (not here), and others are new to a profession they should have never entered. avoid this stinker!

after eagerly waiting to the end, i have to say i wish i wouldn't have joined the whole series at the first place. the final episode was everything against the previous seven years. it has ruined everything. the journey was 23 years, but captain janeway has the power to reduce it... let say, seven years only. why seven? why not just one? or nothing? why not avoid the whole adventure? crewmemebers were dying all along the journey. why she wants to save seven of nine only? the others don't count or what? the most ridiculous part when the crew states that getting home is not really the most important thing to them. as the say, "journey is more important than the destination". unbelievable. and at the finale scene the are surrounded by other federation ships and the earth is in sight. nothing about landing, returning to the normal life.worst ending ever.

this film is awful. the screenplay is bad, the is script mediocre, and even the sex scenes are worthless. the thrill and intrigue of the original film are completely lacking. this movie was shot in a dark, shadowy and monochromatic style (a la "war of the worlds"), which is so disappointing after the beauty of the original film. greg morrisey's brooding character displays one facial expression throughout the film. the twists and turns of the original plot are woefully lacking here; the few that do exist are simply anticlimactic. the only highlight is sharon stone's performance as catherine tramell, faithfully continued in this sequel, but it isn't enough to make up for the other shortcomings. the only circumstance under which a "basic instinct 3" should be made would be if michael douglas agrees to join the cast.

though the title includes the word "zombies", this film is not what you'd expect from a movie made today, though for 1936 the concept is played out about as well as would probably be expected. dean jagger portrays armand louque, an officer in the french army of world war i, who has stumbled upon an ancient tale of soldiers turned into automatons, or "zombies", who are impervious in battle and may hold the key to victory in the war, though on whose side is not certain. at first he has trouble convincing his superiors of this phenomenon, but eventually french general duval (george cleveland) orders a non military expedition into the ancient cambodian city of angkor to find the secret of the zombies and destroy it.the story is played out against the backdrop of a love triangle involving louque, duval's daughter claire (dorothy stone), and clifford grayson (robert noland), all a part of the expedition. when louque laments over his lack of forcefulness and resolve, grayson offers him advice to go after what he wants in life with all his power. that advice begins to transform louque, particularly after he's successful in obtaining a stone tablet resembling a photo from the ancient city. having followed a temple priest into a swamp, louque now appears to hold the secret he had been seeking, though it's not made clear how he has instantaneously been able to command the power of "zombiefication". all it takes is placing his right fist to the forehead simulating a third eye, and casting his thoughts out to those he wishes to control. this comes in handy for winning back his girl, and taking grayson's early advice as he comments to his servant, "buna, we're learning to be ruthless".fans of early "b" horror flicks will recognize the use of bela lugosi's signature eye stare, plucked from the 1932 film "white zombie", also from director victor halperin. of the two movies, "white zombie" is preferably superior, both in story content and in it's depiction of the undead, where the zombies have a more sinister appearance and are more threatening. in "revolt", the zombies are enemy soldiers with a glazed over look that merely react to their mentor's commands. in fact, the actual revolt of the title occurs only when louque releases the soldiers from his mental command in deference to his love for claire; they overrun his compound and kill him in the process.not to be too harsh on the film, it plays out decently within the parameters of it's story outline, but if you're thinking "zombies!!!" within the traditional context, you'll probably be disappointed. if you want to sample an early treatment of the subject, the aforementioned "white zombie" with bela lugosi is the way to go.

"this might mean the end of the white race!" gasps a general as a dozen native zombies wander around the battlefields of europe during the "great war". an expedition sets out tor the long-lost, back-projected city of kennif-angor to stop this sort of thing and keep the battlefields clear for decent honest white people to slaughter each other by the tens of thousands.it is a bit hard to tell when people are zombies or not in this film as the acting is so wooden. even by 1936 standards the acting in this film is bad. from a previous decade. it looks like it came out of a correspondence school text book on 'how to act' ------------- chapter three: emotions -------------"how to express fear and loathing (female) clench both fists. place fist of one hand on heart. open mouth as it to scream. place other fist, palm out, against mouth. hold pose for 10 seconds longer than is comfortable then quickly turn head 90 degrees away from direction of loathed object and sob"."how to have difficult, heavily emotionally charged scene with ex-fiancé explaining your love for someone else. do not make eye contact. do not move. do not show any emotion. do not move your eyes too much as you read your lines off the studio wall." to give us a respite from the leaden acting the director cunningly cuts in long pauses where nothing much happens except that film keeps running through the projectors. thus 35 minute's worth of story is padded out to 60ish minutes.the revolt of the zombies when it comes is so slow! released from mental bondage the armies of ex-zombiefied minions turn on their former master by ambling slowly up hill and then sort of stabbing a door a bit and smashing a window. "yea... let's... oh, i dunnno yeah. let's get him grrr. frankenstein must be destroyed - manana." (though i have just found a bit of hidden symbolism. jagger is shot by a native as some sort of ironic counterpoint to all the natives being shot by the germans at the start of the flick. see, even downtrodden natives don't want the end of the white race!) the chase (it you can call it that) through the back-projected swamp is hilarious and worth the admission price alone. roy d'arcy has a hell of a time camping it up, but is totally wasted, as col. mazovia.there is one interesting moment in this film. a nice little montage of the zombied natives and white cast members falling under the evil eyes spell. face after face, cross-fade into one another. it works, though there is a strange little blip in the middle of each close up like a frame has been cut. i guess these must be neg cutters' frames between the fades.best watched with friends and in a silly mood.

the film is pretty confusing and ludicrous. the plot is awful...but on the plus side the acting is pretty good, with a few good shouts and rants. sharon stone is ok this time...not even half as good as the original mind you. the murders aren't as gory as the first one either, which is a shame. its not the unpredictable mess everyone say it is though. the sex is pretty graphic at times while others it is clear it is fake (they are fully clothed). the script is weak most of the time, but the scenes with banter and arguments between dr.glass and washburn are highlights. the plot twists a few times, but the ending is awful. the tension is always constant with a huge dollop of 'oh my god!'. the chase sequences are brilliantly directed, and shots and camera angles are impressive and bring a bit of class to an otherwise, rush-felt film. sharon stone is a bit old for this too. the bits where we see her breasts were, in the first one, delights. this time around, they are too horrid to describe. the films its self is rather average, but it is worth a go. mainly because the film does deserve some good buzz...with the opening sequence being a highlight. not to be critical, but if you liked the first one - leave this one. don't ruin the run. you'll be glad you left this stone unturned.

you do realize that you've been watching the exact same show for eight years, right? i could understand the initial curiosity of seeing strangers co-exist on an island, but you'd think that after watching unkempt, stink-ladened heroes run roughshod through the bush with an egg on a spoon for half a decade would be enough to get you to commit to something a little more original (and interesting).and i'm not even speaking of the shows validity which for the record i find questionable. it's just hard to suspend disbelief for "bushy bill" eating a rat when the entire crew of producers and camera people are housed in an air conditioned make-shift bio-dome sipping frosty mochcinno's with moxy.what's the appeal here? i don't care about these people or their meandering lives. i just don't get it. but if you do find yourself being captivated by hairy, unwashed people, i suggest you turn off your tv and just take a trip to your local bus station where you can see people like this in their true habitat. they call them homeless people, and free of charge, you can sit back and marvel in their uncanny ability to retrieve various cigarette debris from a plethora of garbage canisters, eventually striking "pay-dirt" and fashioning a homemade dr. frankenstein-styled cancer-stick, all the while begging people for change for food when the stink of "aqua velva" on their breath is enough to suggest otherwise. and the best part? much like survivor, every week one member of the tribe "leaves" the "island" when they are unceremoniously sent packing to the local institution when the frightening unmedicated state of full-blown schizophrenia kicks into gear! now that's entertainment!

in my book "basic instinct" was a perfect film. it had outstanding acting on the parts of stone, douglas and all the supporting actors to the tiniest role. it had marvelous photography, music and the noirest noir script ever. all of it adding up to a film that is as good as it will ever get!this sequel is the exact opposite, it cannot possibly get worse, bad acting and a lame script, combined with totally inept direction, this is really bad, boring, annoying. the only thing that somewhat keeps you concentrated is the relatively short wait for the next scene that is an exact re-enacted copy of the original. these copies are so bad they make you laugh and i laughed a lot in spite of myself, because it was like watching the demolishing of a shining monument. the only thing that is good in this horrible mess are the excerpts of the jerry goldsmith score of bi1. michael caton-jones and the half-wit responsible for the script even included the "there is no smoking in this room" dialog in the interrogation scene and yes she sends her attorney (who is now a solicitor) away! i am sorry i have seen this awful film that should have never been made! it does damage to the original, so bad is it. the only redeeming value is the realization that cosmetic surgery (and i am sure ms stone afforded the best surgeon money can buy) can do a good job but can obviously not restore the perfection of the original. and what concerns the human body applies to film-making, too. there should be a law: don't ever make a sequel to a perfect film!

it's hard to believe, after waiting 14 years, we wind up with this piece of cinematic garbage. the original was a high impact, dark thriller that achieved "cult" status demonstrating the fine art of cinema as directed by paul verhoeven. this film adds nothing, delivers nothing, and ultimately winds up in the big box of failed sequels.the opening sequence could have triggered an intriguing set of plot developments using a considerably talented and able cast. unfortunately we are treated to a 90 minute dissertation in the self-indulgent life of catherine tramell... or is it sharon stone. possibly a copulation of both.if the desire is too see a continuation of the sensually provocative stying of sex as in "b.s.1", forget it. you wind up with soft-porn boredom which ultimately upholds the old adage that a woman can be more alluring in clothes than out of them. it's interesting to note that the wonderful charlotte rampling was romping around in her skivvies, via the 1966 georgy girl, when ms. stone was only 8 years old. a very talented actress and quite adept at holding her own even here.if you're a true cinema fan then you must see this film and judge it using your own rating system. if not, you might as well wait for the dvd release in the "rated" version, "unrated" version, "collectors" edition, or "ultimate" version, and perhaps in another 14 years we will be saturated with news of "basic instinct 3" at which point ms. stone will be 62 years old and nobody will really care.

let's value it.entertainment: a trashy script which has been typed by unintelligent people in front of typewriters a thousand times.. pathetic acting that is thwarted by the story...ok production value, including good set/location and gorgeous girl.. -rating 4/10 social message: the movie has no social message. it's thought free... .but if i pretend i were 10, and my iq were 70. i feel the message is:don't be afraid to love? -rating 0/10objectionable things: nothing special, just the mild jewish hedonic and arrogant attitude that is presented by the writer/director. generally speaking, good , nothing degenerate -8/10overall rating is 4/10

nothing new in this hackneyed romance with characters put into unbelievable situations, speaking dialogue that borders on the ridiculous. this is an example of another movie put into production before serious script problems were solved. don't waste your time.

yet another colourful excuse for men in rubber suits to wrestle with each other. this time around, time travellers from the future arrive in 1992 and recruit a few people to go back with them to 1944 and prevent the creation of godzilla, thus saving a future japan from destruction. but having accomplished this task, the time travellers are revealed to be a bunch of double crossers whose own creature goes on the rampage, and with no godzilla to stop it… eek! it all sounds very silly, and it probably is, but the plot is surprisingly decent and the final battle looks pretty good too. unfortunately the rest of the visual effects are just rubbish rather than enjoyably rubbish, and the movie turns out to be just as dull as its predecessors. look out for the shaky spielberg in-joke.

i cant understand at all why so many godzilla fans think this is excellent, one of the best godzilla films ever in fact. this film is horrible and one of the very few gojira films i cant stand to watch again (the other being g. vs megalon).the plot is too campy to be in the heisei series, a series that attempted to turn the aging godzilla franchise into bonafide action films, revolving around ideas that seemed more in place in 1974 than 1991. it just sounded ridiculous, especially with some of the subject matter, take for example the ww2 scene, with the japanese soldiers praising a dying godzillasaurus, a mournful and serious tone, take the exuberant former commander turn capitalist and his death, serious seens in a film its fans somehow denote as played for laughs, as a goofy romp with guilty illogical fun, if so than this is easily one of the most tasteless films i've seen, however i think its more likely it was only talent the filmmakers lacked and this was a case of a straight faced action movie gone bad. it was made ever worse by the fact that the special effects are terrible beyond compare, from the jet packs to the android, to the hokey sound effects emitted from everything, its impossible to take anything seriously, and yet the film expects you to, there's no nudges to the camera.like nearly all godzilla films there's a pointless romance, and this is no exception, though something can be said about the fact that this one is especially pointless since and inexplicable. there is literally no reason at all presented for the romance, it just happens and there lives make 360 degree commitments for it. aside from this the other terrible aspect of this film is dialogue, both the japanese and english is horrible, clunky and possibly the inspiration for battlefield earth.the tristar dvd compounds the problems, making everything look grainy, blurred, dim and just plain ugly, the same was for the sound. i first saw the japanese region 2 version and the differences are night and day, with the original vibrant colors and texture, the noteworthy score, the fight scenes especially, are actually watchable.in my opinion, the heisei series is a disappointment, with the exception of godzilla 1984 (japanese version) there is little to praise here, and godzilla vs. king ghidorah is case in point of this failure. it doesn't even come close to deserving the reputation and fans it gets.2 out of 10

"godzilla vs king ghidorah" is a perfect example how a great idea can be ruined by pathetic topics like pseudo-patriotism. here, travellers from the future try to ruin japan, replacing the local hero godzilla with their puppy monster, the three-headed golden dragon king ghidorah. they fail, however and in the end godzilla fights ghidorah. the battles between the two behemoths are very cool, but the plot of the movie is full with holes and the all thing about "japan is great" is really stupid. the creators of this movie didn't even threat with respect the enemies of japan, making them stupid big blond guys, who are easily outsmarted by the clever japanese. the good thing is that in the end godzilla and king ghidorah nearly destroyed the both japan and it's ridiculous enemies in one (actually two) spectacular combats. but till this battle royale, the film was really dull and pathetic.

this is one of those movies in which people keep saying "that's a great idea!" about the worst ideas you've ever heard. then they act on them. i like it. this picture's funnier than any 3 dozen seth rogen projects. well, so is shoah. gojira movies have been cannibalizing their own origin-stories since the 60s, but this one goes further. what can you say about a culture willing to rape its own sacred cultural icons for a quick buck? this travesty presents a ww2 suicide brigade on "the last of the marshall islands" presenting arms to a dinosaur who chased the us marines away. then the japanese inexplicably decide not to fight to the last man, and instead abandon the territory annexed on their behalf by this giant lizard. they retreat to the mainland, where one of them becomes a business tycoon.then it gets complicated.blonde men from the future, irritable over not yet curing male pattern baldness, come back in time in a sort of flying saucer to ask a failed writer and a celebrity psychic for their help in eliminating godzilla before he destroys japan. the "help" is questionable, as all these 1992 citizens do is go back to 1944 to watch some closed-circuit tv, but, hey, they shot the script. you would think that by the 90s the japanese would know better than to trust people in spaceships. fortunately for nippon, the white guys - you can tell they're american because they say "nucyaler" - erred by bringing back in time the one japanese girl left in the future. in a touching display of ancestor worship, she outs their duplicity after donning a flying suit made from ductwork taped to a sailor moon backpack. turns out these time-traveling, fashion-disabled caucasians are just jealous of japan's impending economic imperialist takeover of the known world (in the 22d century japan's going to buy africa, which sounds more like a liability than an asset). these blondes in padded chintz suits with nonfunctioning straps and redundant zippers want to replace godzilla with king ghidorah, who will destroy all of japan except tokyo. a strange choice, but toho's been known to go out of its way not to have to build that tokyo skyline set again.sure enough, we are given the alternate spectacle of fukuoka ("my garden city") and some other heretofore unscathed-by-rubber-monster metropolitan areas being laid waste by a flying gold metalflake 1/3 of a hydra. in a surprise revelation, we are informed that king ghidorah was created from some hand puppets left too long in the microwave. godzilla also does his share of demolition as the movie winds down. wait - didn't the spaceship blondes already destroy godzilla? yeah, they killed him in the third reel. but nobody expected that the japanese of 1992 had a secret submarine filled with nuclear missiles - "ha ha, don't worry. we don't keep it in japanese waters" - with which to jumpstart a new godzilla from the bones of an old dinosaur. only they don't have to, because a leaky old nuclear shipwreck has already made godzilla whole again. oh, and godzilla finally gets to tokyo, reuniting with his old army buddy in a heartwarming moment of tearful recognition. they look into each other's eyes, and godzilla nods as if to say, "gotta do it, man." the tycoon nods in understanding. then godzilla blows him up.i should also mention here that, in order to prevent godzilla's revamped angry self from fulfilling his destiny and destroying japan, the japanese girl from the future goes back to the future to ask for help from - yes - a balding white man. probably because he pities her as the sole asian character from the 23d century, he agrees to build a mecha-ghidora and send it back to the 1990s, so that together, these two giant monsters can, uh, fulfill godzilla's destiny and destroy japan. in a wonderful nod to those notoriously self-willed whipping heads, the girl piloting mecha-ghidora has trouble controlling the joystick.this godzilla suit design owes much to the sumo - his thighs are flabby enough to double for rush limbaugh's, and his belly and chest are thick and ponderous. but there's more exploding masonry in this picture than in most of his adventures, which makes up for a lot. also features a man with a passing resemblance to robert patrick playing a killer robot. yes, in the future even the robots will have bald spots. plus megumi odaka, reprising her role as micki, the only japanese girl ever born with ears larger than her disney namesake and an acting style even bigger than that. it's not her fault: many japanese directors seem to feel that a seventy-foot screen isn't quite large enough to display the emotion of a human face. i did some acting for japanese television, and i can tell you, they push you to go for it. they apparently urge their writers in the same way. thank god.

to this day when you speak of the japanese cinema, most folks won't talk about rashomon, or the seven ronin, or ran. to the masses the japanese cinema means all those monsters we've grown to love destroying those japanese cities over and over again, lots of times in battles with each other. the first and greatest of these is godzilla who's come back a dozen times or more and in a few films faced the three headed hydra like monster from outer space, ghidrah.oddly enough in keeping with the times, the special effects got slightly better. but part of the charm of those old films was seeing those paper mache city sets destroyed, they looked so phony, maybe three steps above ed wood.some visitors from the future have time traveled to japan to urge that godzilla be destroyed from when he was first discovered. and in fact he was first discovered as a surviving dinosaur during world war ii when he protected the japanese garrison on a pacific island from those american troops. but later on with atomic testing on bikini, godzilla the friendly dinosaur just like barney became the mean machine we've grown to know in the cinema.of course you eliminate godzilla than you give ghidrah a clear field to wreck japan so it does not become the economic colossus it was by 1991 when the film came out. more i won't say, but we all know japan is doing reasonably well as 2010.like all the other japanese monster films, just sit back and enjoy the mayhem.

somehow they summed up the 60's, ten years that radically changed our country, in four hours. and what a painful four hours it was. they trivilized the major events and happenings and they "claimed" it was about two families yet you barely saw the african-american family. if i were nbc i would be ashamed and embarrassed for airing such trash. what was amusing was this happy-go-lucky family you saw in the very beginning was tortured in so many ways, but managed to attend every major 60's event through the country. and the second family was such a non-factor. they devoted maybe five or six scenes total to this family. that poor son... please nbc, do not make any movies about any other eras....leave that to pbs and the history channel

even if you could get past the idea that these boring characters personally witnessed every significant moment of the 1960s (ok, so katie didn't join the manson family, and nobody died at altamont), this movie was still unbelievably awful. i got the impression that the "writers" just locked themselves in a room and watched "forrest gump," "the wonder years," and oliver stone's 60s films over and over again and called it research. a canadian television critic called the conclusion of the first episode "head spinning". he was right.

the '60s is an occasionally entertaining film, most of this entertainment is from laughing at the film. it is extremely uneven, and includes many annoying elements. take for instance the switch between black & white, and color. if done right, this could of been fairly effective, but because it was done poorly , it turned into a nuisance and only detracted from the already bad experience; much of the film had an odd feel to it. the acting wasn't extremely bad for a made for tv flick, but then again it was downright embarrassing at other times. many of the events were not coherent, and ending up being confusing. how did this family somehow end up being at many of the big events during the 1960's? the ending was much too sappy for my tastes; because it was hollywoodized, everything had to turn out right in the end. i would advise you to not waste your time on the '60s and do something else with your time. i'm glad i watched this in class, and not on my own time. i think i can safely say that the best part of the movie was the inclusion of bob dylan's music. those are just my rambling thoughts on the flick. i hope you take my advice, and stay away from this.

it's been about 14 years since sharon stone awarded viewers a leg-crossing that twisted many people's minds. and now, god knows why, she's in the game again. "basic instinct 2" is the sequel to the smash-hit erotica "basic instinct" featuring a sexy stone and a vulnerable michael douglas. however, fans of the original might not even get close to this one, since "instinct 2" is painful film-making, as the mediocre director michael caton-jones assassinates the legacy of the first film.the plot of the movie starts when a car explosion breaks in right at the beginning. catherine tramell (sharon stone, trying to look forcefully sexy) is a suspect and appears to be involved in the murder. a psychiatrist (a horrible david morrisey) is appointed to examine her, but eventually falls for an intimate game of seduction.and there it is, without no further explanations, the basic force that moves this "instinct". nothing much is explained and we have to sit through a sleazy, c-class erotic film. sharon stone stars in her first role where she is most of the time a turn-off. part of it because of the amateurish writing, the careless direction, and terrifyingly low chemistry. the movie is full of vulgar dialogues and even more sexuality (a menage a trois scene was cut off so that this wouldn't be rated nc-17) than the first entrance in the series. "instinct" is a compelling torture.to top it off, everything that made the original film a guilty pleasure is not found anywhere in the film. the acting here is really bad. sharon stone has some highlights, but here, she gets extremely obnoxious. david morrisey stars in the worst role of his life, and seems to never make more than two expressions in the movie- confused and aroused. "instinct 2" is a horrible way to continue an otherwise original series, that managed to put in thriller with erotica extremely well. paul verhoeven, how i miss you...."basic instinct 2" never sounded like a good movie, and, indeed, it isn't. some films should never get out of paper, and that is the feeling you get after watching this. now, it is much easier to understand why douglas and david cronenberg dropped out, and why sharon stone was expecting a huge paycheck for this......-----3/10

i like a lot of the actors/actresses involved in this project so being insulted by the movie felt even worse than if they used a unknowns .the main problem was this movie was clearly just a concept created to appeal to baby boomers .in 20 or 30 years nbc will probably do a movie just like this about the early 90's . i can see it now a black family where the kids are involved with the la riot's and the white family has the kids rebel and listen to grunge rock music .the soundtrack will feature bands like nirvana , n.w.a , public enemy , soundgarden etc .the movie like this will be just as cheesy as the 60's and i gurantee you nbc will do it .see the biggest problem with period pieces when done buy networks is that when you are living in a certain time period you aren't thinking i am living in the 60's or whatever decade is trendy retro at the time .next time someone does something like this they should put more weight into there project

the 60s (1999) d: mark piznarski. josh hamilton, julia stiles, jerry o'connell, jeremy sisto, jordana brewster, leonard roberts, bill smitrovich, annie corley, charles s. dutton. nbc mini-series (later released to video/dvd as full length feature film) about the treacherous 1960s, as seen through the eyes of both a white family and a black family. the film's first half is driven by the excellent performance of dutton as reverend willie taylor and evenly spreads the storyline between the families. however, dutton's character is killed halfway through and the black family is completely forgotten in a dull, incoherent, and downright awful 2nd half. rating: 4 out of 10. not rated (later rated pg-13 for video/dvd release).

the 1960's were a time of change and awakening for most people. social upheaval and unrest were commonplace as people spoke-out about their views. racial tensions, politics, the vietnam war, sexual promiscuity, and drug use were all part of the daily fabric, and the daily news. this film attempted to encapsulate these historical aspects into an entertaining movie, and largely succeeded.in this film, two families are followed: one white, one black. during the first half of the film, the story follows each family on a equal basis through social and family struggles. unfortunately, the second half of the movie is nearly dedicated to the white family. admittedly, there are more characters in this family, and the story lines are intermingled, but equal consideration is not given to the racial aspects of this century.on the whole, the acting is well done and historical footage is mixed with color and black and white original footage to give a documentary feel to the movie. the movie is a work of fiction, but clips of well-known historical figures are used to set the time-line.i enjoyed the movie but the situations were predictable and the storyline was one-sided.

is there any other time period that has been so exhaustively covered by television (or the media in general) as the 1960s? no. and do we really need yet another trip through that turbulent time? not really. but if we must have one, does it have to be as shallow as "the '60s"? i like to think that co-writers bill couturie and robert greenfield had more in mind for this two-part miniseries than what ultimately resulted, especially given couturie's involvement in the superb hbo movie "dear america: letters home from vietnam" which utilized little original music and no original footage, letting the sights and sounds of the time speak for themselves. this presentation intercuts file footage with the dramatic production, but it doesn't do anyone any favours by trying to do too much in too little time; like so many of its ilk, it's seen from the point of view of one family. but the children of the family seem to be involved tangentially with almost every major event of the '60s (it's amazing that one of them doesn't go to the rolling stones gig at altamont), making it seem less like a period drama and more like a cliff notes version of the decade.the makers rush through it so much that there's little or no time to give the characters any character, with the stick figures called our protagonists off screen for ages at a time - the children's father is especially clichéd - and then when they're back on blammo! it's something else. garry trudeau could teach the filmmakers a thing or two about doing this kind of thing properly. in fairness, jerry o'connell, jordana brewster, jeremy sisto, julia stiles and charles s. dutton give their material the old college try, but they're wasted (especially the latter two); it's undeniably good to see david alan grier in a rare straight role as activist fred hampton, and rosanna arquette (in an uncredited cameo in part 2) is always welcome.what isn't welcome is how "the '60s" drowns the soundtrack with so many period songs that it ultimately reduces its already minimal effect (and this may well be the only time an american tv presentation about post-60s america never mentions the british invasion - no beatles, no rolling stones... then again, there's only so much tunes you can shoehorn into a soundtrack album, right?). capping its surface-skimming approach to both the time and the plot with an almost out-of-place happy ending, "american dreams" and "the wonder years" did it all much, much better. nothing to see here you can't see elsewhere, people... except for julia stiles doing the twist, that is.

do we really need any more narcissistic garbage on the baby boomer generation? technically, i am a boomer, though at the time when all the "idealistic youths" of the '60s were reading marx, burning their draft cards, and generally prolonging a war which destroyed tens of thousands of lives; i was still in grade school. but i remember them well, and 9 out of 10 were just moronic fools, who would believe anything as long as it was destructive.this is just another excercise in self-importance from the kids who never really grew up.

the problem is the role of the characters in the film. man to man shows a british anthropologist kidnapping two pygmies and taking them to scotland and then realising that they are not animals or subhumans but actually equal to himself. the problem is the role of the pygmies in the film - two people who are kidnapped, treated like animals, and yet given such a shallow, stereotypical role within the film... the kidnapper (british anthropologist) ends up being the hero of the film because he 'manages' to relate to the pygmies... no notion of how the two hostages feel, of their point of view, of their ordeal... i find it is a shallow film, with a one sided fundamentally racist view... it never manages to move away from the 'white mans' view

man to man tries hard to be a good movie: it has its heart at the right place, it aspires to be epic and it has a message that no doubt everybody will appreciate. but there lies also some of the problems of this picture. it strives so hard to be good and to get its message across that sometimes the viewer must feel unchallenged. so it is only adequate that the images which are used by this picture are simplistic - man to man doesn't let the viewer decide what he thinks is right but is hammering its message in his head. joseph fiennes exemplifies this in his role: he does his best to look concerned, genuinely moved and all the other emotions you can express with the single one facial expression his repertoire has to offer. add that the movie is overlong and loses its speed towards the end you would be easily led to the conclusion that man to man is not worth watching. but there are enough points to defend it: it is entertaining, has some humorous scenes and the show-stealing kristin scott thomas. of course you should not compare it to humanistic masterpieces like the elephant man (david lynch) but you'll be leaving the theatre satisfied. it tries to grab your heart (even if your brain thinks that it is too obvious) and succeeds most of the time.

in addition to his "tarzan" series, the prolific edgar rice burroughs did write many other books, although, aside from the popular "at the earth's core", few of these have been filmed. one exception is the novel entitled "the lad and the lion", brought to the screen as "the lion man" (1936), an over-talkative, static, old-hat, slow-moving and rather dull movie, despite being filmed on real desert locations. actually "movie" is the wrong word. the narrative doesn't move but proceeds at a snail's pace in an abrupt series of jerks. for instance, at least five characters are given elaborate opening scenes and then just disappear. even more frustrating for the keen movie fan, are the characters who make an impression of sorts (like the lass who plies hall with drugged wine) but are enacted by players who are not credited! the credited thespians generally come off worse than the unknowns. one exception is australian actress finis barton who gives a good account of the kidnapped harem girl who rescues young master fairy. admittedly, most of the cast are saddled with atrocious king james dialogue which has to be heard to be believed! but the way to play this rubbish is tongue-in-cheek, a stratagem which does not seem to have occurred to a single one of the film's roster of no-talent players. maybe director j.p. mccarthy scotched that idea. anyway, it's sad to see the lovely kathleen burke forced to trade lines with the likes of richard carlyle (her dad) and jon hall (her suitor). admittedly, mr hall delivers his lines with marginally more conviction than mr carlyle, but that is no recommendation.

this is an attempt, by both author edgar rice burroughs and filmmakers, at an arabian "tarzan of the apes". but, this desert-set film shows none of the majesty present in burroughs' more successful jungle adventure. the focus is on the love between handsome english noble jon hall (as "el 'lion" chatham) and exotic arab beauty kathleen burke (as "princess" eulilah), with revenge happening to coincide with their urge to merge. the opening states that, although guilty of conduct unbecoming, the lad's mother is living - but, she never re-enters the picture. unfortunately, "the lion man" has deteriorated, and is looks like it's missing footage.*** the lion man (1936) john p. mccarthy ~ jon hall, kathleen burke, ted adams

i was skimming over the list of films of richard burton when i came to this title that i recall vividly from when i first saw it on cable in 1982. i remember dialogue from tatum o'neal that was just amazingly bad. i remember richard burton's character looking so hopelessly lost, and then remembering how his motivations didn't translate to me. in short, i remember "circle of two" because it was so phenomenally awful.this movie came out at a time when america was going through a rather disturbing period of fascination with unhealthy or skewed angles on teenage sexuality. recall "the blue lagoon" (and other brooke shields annoyances), "lipstick", "little darlings", "beau pere" and other films that just seemed to dwell on teens having sex, particularly with adults. as a teenager during this time, i found the obsession, combined with the sexual excesses of the 70's and 80's, made for a subconsciously unsettling environment in which to figure it all out, so to speak."circle of two" is not execrably acted or needlessly prurient, like "blue lagoon". in fact, it tackles the question of love between the young and the old in a brave, if totally failed, way. but honestly, it is one of those films you will *never* see if you didn't see it on its first run because it was so truly awful. no one would want to have this garbage ever surface to be publicly distributed again.

i saw this film at the london premiere, and i have to say - i didn't expect much, but i did expect something that was at least mildly entertaining.the original "basic instinct" was no great film and is still something of a "smut classic" but it was entertaining. i can recall countless times flipping through channels on tv on a late friday or saturday night having come across the movie and finding myself beginning to actually pay attention to it.however, this lame-brain, waaay-belated sequel has nothing. is sharon stone still gorgeous? well, let's put it this way -- for a 47-year-old, she's pretty hot. is she as beautiful as she was in the original? no. she also has clearly had plastic surgery on her face, and her haircut in this movie is somewhat unappealing. she doesn't look as soft or genuine or innocent as she did in the original -- which is sort of the whole point of being an evil seductress, and whatnot.the rest of the performances range from bad to terrible -- and michael caton-jones (a typically safe director -- one who doesn't always do great work but manages to make worthwhile movies) has officially delivered his first true turkey; a movie so bad people were laughing at certain moments that were intended to be serious.i hear the film went through multiple editing sessions, and it's very clear from the start. nothing makes much sense. the whole plot is a cosmic mess and the ending -- oh my! talk about stupid and unbelievable. (still predictable, though.) i saw "gigli," i saw "son of the mask" -- and although i'm not looking to "smear" this film, i can say with my own authority (which you don't have to agree with at all, mind you) that i prefer both those films over this catastrophic failure.by the way, stone left five minutes before the movie began and people in the theater began throwing things at the screen during a particularly outrageous and insulting scene inside an orgy-type nightclub."basic instinct 2" -- basically, it stinks, too.

horrible film. about an old crusty painter who hangs around with a young girl. boring. tatum o neil goes through the motions in her part, and has some of the corniest lines in film history. richard burton looks close to death in this film, and we're supposed to believe he looks "good for sixty". the acting is bad, as is the plot. the characters are awful, as is the story. it's really hard to feel for anyone in this film, except larry ewashen who plays a guy in a porno theater who hits on tatum, he's kind of funny. this movie is really a waste of time. if you are a tatum fan, like me - which is why i rented it in the first place - please don't see this movie. she is really bad in it, and you'll wonder if maybe paper moon was a fluke. it wasn't, because of bad news bears and little darlings it's known she can act well, but still, don't rent this movie. and if you're a fan of burton, rent something when he was good looking, and not a fossil.

the premise for circle of two is an intriguing one. a forbidden love between a sixty year old painter ashleigh (richard burton) and a fifteen year old girl sarah norton (tatum o'neill); and the question of whether such a relationship is acceptable given society's standards. the problem with circle of two, however, is that it fails to live up to its promise. director jules dassin and hedley should have put more thought into the screenplay. when i watched this film, i expected to learn something new about love and sexuality. instead, i got boring dialogue, a pointless lecture on art, outings where sarah seemed to have more fun away from ashleigh, and a closing scene so artificial that its emotional impact was lost. this script makes good actors look bad. so one can imagine how the film's problems were compounded even further with the largely amateurish cast that jules dassin assembled. tatum o'neill was not in her element. i did not believe for a second that her character sarah was in love with ashleigh. her performance seemed superficial, like a contestant at a beauty pageant. it was as though she forced herself to be happy, when the script required her to be happy, and to be sad, when the script asked her to be sad. the only scene i liked with her in was at the very end when she said nothing at all. that was probably the closest tatum's sarah norton ever came to being real. but tatum was not the only one at fault. richard burton's ashleigh lacked the charm, the charisma and the complexity to attract even women of his own age, let alone a fifteen year old. the rest of the cast was also dismal. even their arguing was unconvincing, because they waited to take turns. who does that? michael wincott as the jealous ex-boyfriend paul was probably the best thing in this film, but his role was small. to be fair to the actors, dassin's direction let everyone down; but it is also true that a great movie goes beyond the script. kubrick's lolita did that with james mason and sue lyon; konchalovsky's runaway train went beyond the script with jon voight and eric roberts playing convicts. the directors of these films also knew how to use music to dramatize their films and reveal something about the characters in them. in spite of its own score (a combination of antonio vivaldi, carl off and bernard hoffer), circle of two never succeeds in doing that.in conclusion, the idea of a forbidden love story between an elder painter and a teenage girl is a good one, but its execution in circle of two is terrible. in many ways, it is a shame that a controversial, lolita-type story – which most film directors for understandable reasons would prefer to avoid – did not have receive more intelligent treatment; that a script which actors would have gladly rehearsed was not written; that actors, who were committed to their part or had the talent to make their characters real, could not be found; and that the director jules dassin (who did so much better with films like rififi and topkapi) did not have to will to put his foot down and say, "before we do any filming, we must rethink the love story and revamp the script." the only silver lining is that one day an intelligent film about an elder painter and a teenager girl falling in love may one day be made. if such a film ever appears, this it will be surely spark controversy, debate and questions for many years to come.

it is hard to describe this film and one wants to tried hard not to dismiss it too quickly because you have a feeling that this might just be the perfect film for some 12 years old girl...this film has a nice concept-the modern version of sleeping beauty with a twist. it has some rather dreamy shots and some nice sketches of the young boy relationship with his single working mother and his schoolmate... a nice start you might say, but then it got a bit greedy, very greedy, it tries to be a science fiction, a drama, a thriller, a possible romantic love story, fairy tale, a comedy and everything under the sun. the result just left the audience feeling rather inadequate. for example, the scene when the girl(played by risa goto) finally woken by his(yuki kohara) kiss, instead of being romantic, it try's to be scary in order to make us laugh afterwards... it is a cheap trick, because it ruin all the anticipation and emotion which it was trying to build for the better half of the film.i have not read the original story the film is base on (it is the well-known work by the comic-book artist osamu tezuka is famous with his intriguing and intricate stories) i wonder if all the problems exsist in the original story or did it occur in the adaption? it is rather illogical even for someone who is used to the "fussy logic" of those japanese comic-book. for instance, how did yuki kohara's character manage to get to the hospital in an instant(when its suppose to be a long bus-ride away)to run away risa goto's character in front of the tv cameras right after he saw her live interview on the television?there are also some scenes that is directly copied(very uncreative!) from other films and they all seem rather pointlessly annoying ie. the famous "the lion mouth has caugh my hand" scene from "the "roman holiday"the film tries to be everything but ends up being nothing... it fails to be a fairy tale and it did not have enough jokes to be a comedy... and strangely there are some scenes that even seem like an unintentional "ghost" movie. nevertheless, one should give it credit that it has managed to caputured some of the sentiment of the japanese teenager.it is by watching this film i have a feeling that there might be some films that should have come with a warning label that said "this film might only be suitable for person under the 18 of age", it would have definitly been on the poster of this film.

i love dracula but this movie was a complete disappointment! i remember lee from other dracula films from when i was younger, and i thought he was great, but this movie was really bad. i don't know if it was my youth that fooled me into believing lee was the ultimate dracula, with style, looks, attraction and the evil underneath that. or maybe it was just this film that disappointed me. but can you imagine dracula with an snobbish english accent and the body language to go along with it? do you like when a plot contains unrealistic choices by the characters and is boring and lacks any kind of tension..? then this is a movie for you! otherwise - don't see it! i only gave it a 2 because somehow i managed to stay awake during the whole movie.sorry but if you liked this movie then you must have been sleep deprived and home alone in a dark room with lots of unwatched space behind you. maybe alone in your parents house or in a strangers home. cause not even the characters in this flick seemed afraid, and i think that sums up the whole thing!or maybe you like this film because of it's place in dracula cinema history, perhaps being fascinated by how the dracula story has evolved from nosferatu to what it is today. cause as movie it isn't that appealing, it doesn't pull you in to the suggestive mystery that for me make the vampyre myth so fascinating. and furthermore it has so much of that tacky 70ies feel about it. the scenery looks like cheap theatre. and i don't say that rejecting everything made in the 70ies. cause i can love old film as well as new.

that's the question you have to ask yourself when you watch this movie "what was the point?" this movie was nothing but an hour and a half of confusion with completely unlikable people (not going to use the word actors) and a script that you could tell didn't exist.one of the things that made me laugh the most about this movie was how it said "victorian story written by" which means that there was actually a script to that part of the story. the entire victorian section had no dialogue, and was just comprised of shots of a guy staring at a girl and vice versa. making that part of the movie as scripted as a camera left on at a train station.ok, time for the story. it starts out with a guy sitting in a chair never once getting out of it. oh blocking, who needs you? these newspeople come to his house and practically beg him to tell this story about these dead girls. so he starts off the story in victorian times. and here's how the scene goes (guy and girl are in a field. pretty music starts to play) (guy stares at girl) (girl stares at guy) (guy stares at girl) cut back to movie. that's pretty much all that happens for about half the movie.the rest of the film is incredibly awkward dialogue about a bunch of models wanting to buy an apartment. so this real estate agent shows them one and when i say the dialogue is awkward i mean, if it were a dancer it would trip during the macarena. none of the characters in this movie are likable. the models are incredibly irritating, the victorian people don't talk, and the guy telling the story has the personality of a sack of onions. so eventually all the girls get killed off. and by killed off, i mean drug offscreen. ooh. you showed one death? and by death i mean holding her face till they put the blood makeup on? awesome.how this guy even knows this story baffles me. he says it's because he saw it. but how? there was no guy in that apartment! the door was locked shut with no way out, the windows were attached to a fire escape that was too rotten to work, how the hell did he see all that? oh plot holes. we do love you. so the movie finishes up with the newswoman saying "i think you made it up. you're wasting our time" despite the fact that she begged him for the interview in the first place. whatever. this movie was stupid, pointless, and made no sense with a lot of plot holes. i could go on and on about this movie, but i don't see the need. i'd much rather spend my time doing something uselful. like widdle something. "hell's threshold" more belongs in purgatory with 2 dumb models. out of 10.

it's not like i have overwhelmingly fond memories of verhoeven's original pants-down shocker - it always struck me as a glossy, well-made airport-novel-of-a-movie. thrilling, sexy trash, but trash nonetheless. it was also a film that tapped into a certain sexual zeitgeist. after a decade of anti-sex aids-induced hysteria, a film about a wildly-sexual hotbod who thrill-kills to heighten her sexual pleasure was pretty enticing stuff. basic instinct 2 was always going to struggle to provide the same social relevance and immediacy, so the fact that it's desperate attempts at raunchiness are so lame can sort-of be overlooked. all it really had to provide was that thin veneer of titillation and a mildly engaging story and all would have been watchable. that it resoundingly fails on so many levels, and in such a way to be a career nadir for everyone involved, is really quite extraordinary to watch. let's state the obvious for starters - sharon stone is too old for the part of sexual magnet catherine trammell. what was so photogenic thru verhoeven's lens looks like mutton dressed as lamb in the hands of gun-for-hire michael caton-jones, who's flat, drab colours and static camera render her undeniable beauty totally moot. i like sharon stone a lot, but if the first film launched her career, bi2 could kill it. she has no chemistry with stuffed-shirt david morrissey - their only sex scene is embarrassing too watch. his dough-faced mamma's boy of a character made me yearn for the swaggering, orange-skin machismo of michael douglas. supporting turns by david thewlis and charlotte rampling waste these fine actors on talky exposition scenes and cliché-heavy posturing. and what of the much-touted sexual shenanigans? poorly-lit, fleetingly-glimpsed, as utterly mainstream as an episode of desperate housewives - the european sensibilities that verhoeven brought to the sexual content of the first film are sorely missed. don't watch this film for carnal thrills - there are none and what there is is tragic. the film is, as a whole, convoluted to the point of utter confusion, boring and laughable. the last 40 minutes in particular, where you come to the realisation that the film is, in fact, not going to go anywhere of interest at all, are particularly gruelling and hilarious in equal measure. as a failed sequel, basic instinct 2 will come to occupy similar cinematic ground as exorcist 2 the heretic, beyond the poseidon adventure and xxx2. as a vanity project, it rivals battlefield earth in its misconception. as a multi-million dollar piece of hollywood film-making, it's a travesty that will be hard to top as the years worst.

well, i saw this movie yesterday and it's - unfortunately - worse than you could think. first of all the plot is idiotic, it has no sense at all. the screenplay is full of intentionally funny dialogues. the audience was laughing many times. and the suspense is very low. actors play so-so, with an exception of sharon stone, who has some good moments but also some awfully bad acting moments. the saddest parts are when she tries to be aggressively sexy and says things like "i want to *beep* you " and it looks like, let's say it gently, a very very mature woman acting rude and not sexy at all. that erotic tension from bi1 is totally gone. from the technical point of basic instinct 2 is a mediocre movie - better than typical straight to dvd, but on a far lower lever than the original movie. for instance the scene of crazy joyride is done poorly. the director of basic instinct 2 is no paul verhoeven and it shows. the new composer is no jerry goldsmith and its shows. the script is done by people who are no match for joe eszterhas. there's no substitute for michael douglas in it. the film looks cheap and badly edited at times. i'm sorry but my first thought after i left the theater was: "why heaven't they made this movie earlier and with original talents behind the success of the first movie?" all to all the original movie is like citizen kane compared to this. the first basic instinct is a classic and was a kind of break-thru in the popular cinema. it was provoking, sexy and controversial. it had the best sharon stone's performance in her career. it had this specific paul verhoeven's style. unfortunately basic instinct 2 is a unintentionally funny movie, badly directed and a sure razzie award winner in many categories. it's a pity that they made this film.

i like musicals but as a dickens fan i hate this one. **mild spoilers** starving boys who have enough energy to sing and dance in the workhouse? the poor of london coming out to sing? fagin and dodger walking off into the sunset? not exactly faithful to the novel. as i recall, dodger was publicly hanged and fagin went crazy in prison. **end of spoilers**oliver reed is very weak as sykes, doing little more than growling to indicate his evil. worst however, is mark lester as oliver, who often comes across so awkward and passive you wonder if he's really the main character. his portrayal is in no way helped by the fact that the best they could do when he sings is dub in the voice of a girl. guess they didn't realize that boy trebles can be found in almost every church in england.self-respecting dickens fans: stick to david lean's amazing 1948 film or the bbc 6-hour adaptation from the mid-80's. avoid this bloated whitewash of a musical.

must every good story be "improved" with added corny broadway music? apparently those who can't come up with their own plots think that classic literature is just there for the plundering. i confess that oliver twist and similar stories are not my favorites, as it is certainly true that dickens often wrote things that leave you considerably bummed out, and this was a great example of just that... so of course, take this serious tale and add nauseating music and camp it up with every character from prancing orphan boys to mincing bobbies and suddenly it's uplifting? argh. fetch me a basin.the four stars in my rating come from casting, which i could liken to that of my fair lady. each of these films had a cast that a play version could be proud of, but then they must go and have them sing (see complaint above). unlike my fair lady, those singing here could actually do so and they mercifully spared us the singing voice of oliver reed (pardon if i'm mistaken, it's been a while).my biggest complaint i've stated. why embarrass everyone except the truly shameless by putting silly songs into a perfectly good story? seldom has this been done to good effect. generally it ruins the story. it did with this one. jury's still out on whether this story is worth saving, but with all that gadding about, it's impossible to tell.

the producers made a big mistake casting mark lester, who couldn't act or sing, in the title role. aside from his very bad "acting", all of lester's singing had to be dubbed by a girl. i don't know why they cast him at all, since there would have been so many boys who could have played the part infinitely better and done their own singing as well. shani wallis was far too old to play nancy, who was only supposed to be 16. the current west end version is so much better than the movie in every way. ross mccormack is the best artful dodger of all time and he is certainly far better looking than jack wild ever was. it was clearly political to award this old-fashioned musical so many oscars after the tumultuous events of 1968.

this title seems more like a filming exercise than a film that should have been released to be seen by the public. for dafoe and his wife it must have been fun working together in a film for the first time, without taking into consideration that people might actually watch it. i felt like it was 90mins wasted as i waited anxiously for a plot to develop, or even begin.try to fit this film into a genre and you won't, because it lacks a beginning, middle or ending. i've seen 'arty' movies before and this doesn't even come close to being arty, abstract or original, it just seems to me to be completely pointless.i think it speaks for itself when the only persons that rated this film a 10 were the under 18 age group. no doubt for the constant pointless erotic scenes that the film was insistent on throwing at us. that is if you can call it erotic. it certainly didn't have taste.

i own 2 home entertainment stores and i've seen a lot of bad movies in my time but this one was so bad it compelled me to register here and comment on it. how bad was it? let's just say that sofia coppola deserved an oscar for her performance in godfather iii when compared to giada colagrande's in this movie.it was robotic and uninspired. her lover has just died one month prior to her arrival at the 'rubber house' he had given her. once there, she discovers he has cheated on her throughout her relationship but none of it seems to register with her. within a day, she starts a relationship with leslie, (dafoe) the caretaker of the house. even though she is married to dafoe off screen, her scenes with him were cold and unemotional.if there was a plot, i missed it. not even willem dafoe could save this movie from the amateur, cinematic train wreck that it is.

whatever happened to british tv drama? from john major through tony blair, the focus of the genre appears to have shifted from social realism to smugly normative women-focused tales about the piddling domestic problems of nice middle class professionals.(or perhaps tvnz doesn't buy the good stuff? please let that be what it is...)the writer's long career in soaps probably explains why the dialogue is made up mostly of stale clichés. niamh cusack's performance is strong on meaningful looks, each held by the director for at least half a dozen beats longer than they deserve. baleful looks, however, are a poor substitute for depth of character, if the writer has failed to provide such material for actors to work with. of course this is theoretically a thriller, about a murder investigation; but that's not as important as the central character's failing marriage and its attendant problems. is cusack's character's husband a complete bastard? will her son be utterly traumatized by the marriage break up? making these the central issues isn't a sign of insight -- it indicates a profoundly narcissistic identification by the writer and director with a character who should be getting on with her job.lynda la plante knows how to write this stuff so that it feels as if it matters and involves viewers other than housebound neurotics ; evidently paula milne isn't up to the task.

the same difficulty i have with the musical version of "les miserables" applies equally to "oliver." instead of the composers' writing in the stylistic period of the play settings, they merely wrote broadway-type melodies, which were historically unidiomatic and stylistically skewed.too, the blatant brutality and unsavory activities of the dramaturgy do not mix well with some of the sunny ditties which permeate the score. it's a uncomfortable mixture that leaves a decidedly sour undertaste.the casting of the boy oliver doesn't help matters: tentative of timbre and vexingly precious, there's something less than solid here. fagin performs his traditional routine adequately, though the tunes he's obliged to sing have little basis in period manner."as long as he needs me" is given a strident rendition, throaty and strained. the two big production numbers, "who will buy" and "consider yourself" seem over-produced, with everything but the kitchen sink thrown in. it's one thing to go all out, yet another to cross over the line into excess. the gloom, despair and depravity of much of the novel does not seem to lend itself to such ditties and choreography. while the novel is considered a classic, i must confess i have trouble with mr. dickens' consciousness, in that his works tend to emit a negative vibration. this may be due to the extension of his joyless personal life, which was full of disappointment and regret. not all the combined talent of this production, either on- or behind camera, can overcome the unconstructive nature of the basic material. all this results in an uncomfortably downer experience for me.

this movie was very very mediocre and very very gory. everyone left their acting lessons at home and totally forgot how to act i mean it was so bad and had no real plot and kindergarteners could have written a better story plot wait what story plot. not at all scary!

this movie is one of the most awful movies ever made.how can jon bon jovi play in a movie? he is a singer not an actor, what?is he killing vampires with his guitar? and what about the dreadful plot? o my god this movie really sucks. in the end is the queen of vampires played by the eternal vampire arly jover (blade) surrounded by an army of vampires, but when the "fantastic" slayers arrive only 4 vampires are left!! what happened with the other 10-15 vampires? they run out in the sun??? and what about the "grand finally" when bon jovi blows her head with a shotgun??? that's really a "not" . in "buffy the vampire slayer" in 100 episodes not a single vampire is killed with a shotgun??? this really is a lack of originality!

this "debuted" today on the scifi channel and all i can say is "i am speechless" i taped it today so i could watch it tonight after work. i had high hopes, now i am tearing apart the closets looking for a length of rope so i can hang myself. possibly the worst movie i have ever seen. i wish i could say something nice like "it was fun to make fun of this movie" but this movie is giving me nothing to work with. i know you are not supposed to post spoilers here with out prior warning but i am going to anyway "this movie sucks" there i said it! they should show this flick to film students to show them what not to do! my nine year old niece could make a better film. the only decent thing about this film is the sound and/or sound track. oh! i just found a rusty c-clamp in my old tool box. i am going to put it on the thumb of my left hand and tighten it until the pain erases the memory of what my eyes have seen. i could just tape over this vhs but i think i will burn it in the fire pit instead. i could wash with soap but i fear i will never be clean again. christmas is coming. buy this movie and give it to people you hate. -mike

spoiler below, but read on or you'll never know the horrible fate that awaits all planing to rent "rodentz".on a moonlit night, in a remote research laboratory, a major medical breakthrough is about to have deadly results. a chemical compound that was created to "hunt and destroy" deadly cancer cells has leaked from the hazardous waste disposal system into the building's basement. now, the rodents involved in the laboratory experiment upstairs are not the only rats in the facility that will become the altered species. professor schultz, a leading bio-researcher, has just determined that the addition of a new enzyme now enables his "hunt and destroy" formulation to regenerate for the length of time necessary to neutralize deadly cancer tumors. when three varying degrees of the new mixture are administered to three different rats and the rest poured down the faulty "waste hazard" sink, shocking side-effects result in a night of terror.....right.....seriously, this is probably the worst film i've seen this year. everything about it screams "low-budget!", from the horrendous acting to the special effects which are some of the worst i've ever seen. the characters are clichéd morons and act in stupid, predictable ways: walking down dark hallways alone, looking for a cat, tripping and falling so the "rats" can catch up with them, boarding themselves up in a small room, etc. while some films are cheaply made, this film really takes the cake. every possible corner is cut, everything from reusing earlier shots, filming the "lab" hallways from different angles to make it look bigger (that reminds me--why were only two guys working in this freakin' massive building?!?!?!?), to music and special effects that could be done on a children's workshop pc.that brings me to the worst aspect of this steaming pile of dung--the special effects. just horrendous. the computer generated rats look so fake and stand out in every scene so even the dumbest of film buffs could see they are computer generated. and that giant rat suit--oh my god!!!!!!!! seriously, are we supposed to believe that freaking beany baby is a monster? just pitiful........on the better side, some of the gore looks pretty cool, especially considering the budget. the actors all suck. no one involved with the production cared or knew what they were doing. i've wasted enough time with review, just take my advice, it's garbage. 1/10.about the dvd: the transfer sucks, the audio is passable and there's a commentary track on the disk by the director and two of his friends, who say they had absolutely nothing to do with making the film but were there to ask questions and make comments. all three of these sub-human primordial slime are so incredibly stupid that they should be institutionalized before they can harm themselves or others. i don't want to waste any more of you kind reader's time or mine, for i am starting to remember more than i want to about this film..... dvd rating: 1/10.

i don't know what they were thinking.by they,i mean anybody even remotely connected to this disaster.i've seen so bad movies,i've seen so really bad movies,and then there's this.but i will say one thing.whoever wrote the script has manged to put what could possibly the most inane dialogue over written,onto the screen.there is nothing good about this movie,either from a technical standpoint or any other standpoint.whoever allowed it to be made and then released should have been fired immediately.there are a few fairly well known names in this movie.actually i hesitate to use the word movie.it's more like a collection of random scenes that have no relation to another and make less than 0 sense.anyway,i fail to see why anyone with any dignity would appear in this.i got it really cheap,and i still got ripped of.even if i had gotten this movie for free,i would still have been ripped off.this is an absoluter 0/10

one of the worst films i have seen to date. pathetic action scene and really bad acting also do not help. the only good point is gary busey's parts but this does not lift the film very much. it lives up to its b film ranking and passes the test with flying colours. a waste of my money although i found entertaining to begin with its gets annoying after a few watches. i do not recommend this film unless you watch it for free or its a gift. ( a gift you can ask for the receipt and send back for a complete refund).really bad.1/10.

this film deals with two ex-football players who are fred williamson, (mack derringer) and gary busey, (lenny) who work as private eyes and meet all kinds of ladies and men with some bad backgrounds. mack derringer is approached by his ex-wife vanity (jennifer derringer) who works at having sex talk over the telephone. jennifer is being threatened by one caller who wants to do horrible things to her and she asks for his help along with several other ladies. mack & lenny have more time on their hands and often go to miami, fl. golf courses or hang out in a sports bar where all kinds of city things go on. there is lots of punches, killings and plenty of double meaning words that bring this film completely down to a big zero. don't waste your time, this film cost me only 50 cents and that was too much.

i had to compare two versions of hamlet for my shakespeare class and unfortunately i picked this version. everything from the acting (the actors deliver most of their lines directly to the camera) to the camera shots (all medium or close up shots...no scenery shots and very little back ground in the shots) were absolutely terrible. i watched this over my spring break and it is very safe to say that i feel that i was gypped out of 114 minutes of my vacation. not recommended by any stretch of the imagination.

williamson's accent is tough to wade through. he speaks incredibly quickly, like he is in a rush to get through the lines. during the soliloquies he acts as if he is talking to someone, when he is supposed to be talking to himself. all that and his bald spot just annoyed me. he was just too old for this role. in reading other accounts of williamson, maybe he got this role because he was mad and the director decided to do a bit of life-imitates-art or forced method acting. when the actors declare hamlet mad you believe it! marianne faithful is a stunning beauty and could botch the role of ophelia and still get a pass. the set is dark and foreboding but it does look as if shot in a real castle especially the scenes in the tunnels/corridors where the dead king shines as a great light in the sky.

as the front cover says "the hamlet of our time, for our time".i had to study this filmed version of hamlet directly after watching keneth branagh's version and it was truly a disappointing experience.this version takes a different approach to several aspects of the play including sexuality; one very very homosexual osric and an interesting interaction between hamlet and ophelia. i think for the time (60's) this was a very well done version of hamlet but cannot compare to branagh's complete version.just a note... i found the video at my local video store (in australia) and i'm actually looking for a keneth branagh dvd to buy if such a thing even exists. if anyone knows of one please tell me.

i wonder how the actors acted in this movie. annette bening was really herself, half in and half out, was she faking or being natural? it didn't make any difference considering that even if she had been walking on the ceiling it would not have changed the pattern of the film. brian cox acted really well. i almost thought that he had always acted this way, tricky, dishonest, in a dirty surrounding where nobody really cared about hygiene. as for gwyneth paltrow, the question is what she was doing in this film.this film is quite sickening and disgusting. who would pay to see such a crap?

the film starts to slowly when we got to the cinema we thought it looked quite good but after about 5 mins we were all bored out of our minds and wondering what kind of film we had come to see, i don't like this film and wouldn't recommend it to anyone, the best part of the night was when the alarm and lights came back on because the project broke down because we thought we could all go home. this has to be one of the worst films i have ever seen we were all bored out of or minds and most of the people in the cinema actually ran out of the doors at the end because it was so rubbish. i am surprised that no one walked out earlier than that. if you go and see it make sure you something to keep you busy, better still don't go and see it at all.

absolutely the most boring movie i have ever spent my money on.this was a wrong choice for all these great stars to waste their reputations on. boring! boring! boring! each character was portrayed in a less than inspirational way. no acting talent shown -just reading a part. alec can play realistic characters normally, gwynyth made herself look ugly for an unrewarding part, annette needs advise on how to pick the movies she chooses to play in as do all these big stars who have left me disappointed at the way they have all allowed their talents to be smothered in a feature that leaves much to be desired in entertainment. "running with scissors" leads the public to anticipate great acting in a film that suggests experiencing tension and deep emotion. there was not one moment when the cast was able to portray any interpretation of this onto the screen. maybe it was the director's fault----whatever.

i am a big movie fan. i like movies of all types. this is arguably the worst movie i've ever seen.i get that it follows the book closely, which raises the point that not everything should be made into a movie. especially since the authenticity of the experiences in the book have been called into question more than once.these characters are not quirky, they are mentally ill. the things that happen are not funny, they are disturbing; especially considering they are supposed to be true.this movie had the feel of the royal tenenbaums, another movie i hated, only running with scissors was even more dysfunctional and less funny.i will never get those hours back. i wanted to wash my brain after watching.

to make up a movie-going audience - i'm certainly stunned by the number of positive comments this wretched film has garnered here. i can't credit it, can't help but be suspicious, for that matter, of back alley payoffs to critics who are touting annette bening for an oscar; the hole in the kitchen ceiling might be more appropriately attributed to her scenery chewing. she's a wonderful actress but this is an unfortunately unbalanced performance, lacking that essential quality film actors must master of catching the cadence of the screenplay and maintaining it for the duration of the disjointed madness that is a film shoot.i don't really want to blame miss bening or most of the other performers (well, gwyneth paltrow has no excuse for her muzzy work), however, because this is a horrendous adaptation, a classic case of mistranslation (i am prepared to assume. i haven't read the book and don't think i will after this). the script launches us into the middle/muddle of unaccountable behaviour and extreme emotional angst spewing from mystifying characters who have developed relationships neither with us nor each other. it quickly becomes a grotesquely excessive tsunami-like assault that sullies characters and audience alike and left me like a survivor shaking my head at the detritus left at the end of each repetitive episode. shock and awe would describe my reaction to frantic, bi-polar mood swings between ranting and oh-so-quiet sensitivity, the latter telegraphed by one of the most irritating, manipulative, droning soundtracks i've heard - that is, when all this isn't being set to ludicrously incongruous toons - period stuff, ya know, but chosen with an astounding disregard for the tone of the scenes.how this fine cast got mixed up in this i don't know - i can't believe they saw the screenplay before signing. they certainly apply their skills with commitment - i felt so sorry for the wonderful jill clayburgh saddled with a cartoon bag lady costume and wig trying vainly to wrench something of significance from sketchy and clichéd dialogue. in contrast, somehow, alec baldwin rises above the material to deliver a consistent, nuanced, real performance. can somebody give this man a lead role of substance, please? and how about rachel evan wood - or joseph fiennes? you'd think the industry could make better use of him, and without appearing as hirsute as elliot gould in m.a.s.h. my vote? a standup turd, all right, but no link with heaven.

i would have left the movie halfway through if i hadn't been with people who liked it. the movie is based on real incidents, but it's so over the top it didn't feel real at all. i have some psychological background, hang out with a lot of psychotherapists, and have known seriously crazy people, so it's not that i think people like this don't exist. but in the film, the only characters who seemed consistently human were augusten's father (alec baldwin) and the young augusten (jack kaedin). (although evan rachel wood was an intriguing diversion - very sexy with a wicked sense of fun). there were a few amusing moments, but the overall tone of the movie was grim, bizarre, and nasty. what a waste of an outstanding cast! as i watched them go through their turns, i just felt like i was watching an acting class. this was brought home during the credits, when a couple of people were shown just sitting there, not acting, not talking. those few moments were more entertaining than the previous 2 hours.

jane russell proved to be a delightful musical-comedy performer in the similarly titled "gentlemen prefer blondes"… but, sadly, this film squanders those skills. there is a budget, and nice paris photography, but the film just doesn't work. ms. russell seems to be playing marilyn monroe. that leaves nobody to adequately play jane russell. some of the other players are way out of their element.there are several embarrassing scenes; most of all, be warned: there is a musical number where boneheaded african cannibals "cook" the brunettes in a pot, after alan young sings in a gorilla suit.this is an interesting, at times embarrassing, waste of resources. *** gentlemen marry brunettes (10/29/55) richard sale ~ jane russell, jeanne crain, alan young, scott brady

i saw this recently on a faded old vhs tape, and remembered it dimly. looking at it now, it seems charming.when it was first released, it was recognized by pretty much everyone as a spoof of coming out as a gay teenager. to hammer the point home, the mother is seen reading a paperback copy of "1 teenager in 10", the most popular coming out book of the time. david warner hams it up as the persecuting vampire hunter [= gay-hating evangelist], who is of course a self-loathing closet case. the list of sight gags and in-jokes that were included to make sure nobody missed the point would be too long to go into. the producers were having some good-natured fun, and hoping, no doubt, to lighten-up as well as to enlighten.but i have no clue how a teenage audience would look at this film, nowadays. in some places, where there is education and culture, the terrifying ordeals that gay teens had to go through are a thing of the past. but i'm sure there are plenty of dark, nasty corners of our continent where it's just as bad as it always was.

first of all, i firmly believe that norwegian movies are continually getting better. from the tedious emotional films of the 70's and 80's, movies from this place actually started to contain a bit of humour. imagine.. actual comedies were made! movies were actually starting to get entertaining and funny, as opposed to long, dark, depressing and boring.during the 90's and 00's several really great movies were made by a 'new generation' of filmmakers. movie after movie were praised by critics and played loads of money. it became the norm!then came united...*minor spoilers* it's just simply not funny. not once. not ever. but the thing is... we think its funny. because we're used to norwegian movies to be funny. especially with a cast like this with a few really funny comedians. but.. they neither say nor do anything funny! where's the humor? show me the humor! is it the awkward clerk played by harald eia? is it the overacting totally ridiculously unrealistic football coach? is it the commentaries by arne scheie? the movie is just not funny!but thats not my main rant about united. that namely is the predictability. (and it is here i fear that norwegian comedies have come to a standstill since i have seen this in many other movies as well.) all the time you just know its going to end well. all characters are exactly as they are presented in the start of the movie, and everybody gets exactly what they deserve in the end. there's absolutely no room for surprises at all!all in all i can say that i sat with a bad feeling after seeing this movie. it was the one movie that made me realize that we probably need some new blood in norwegian movie making... again!rating: 1/6

acclaimed japanese director takashi miike can't seem to get the wheels moving with this torpid thriller, an adaptation of yasushi akimoto's book concerning an evil old woman (and child abuser!) who is part of a new urban legend: if your cell-phone rings with a strange tone--and you see the message 'one missed call'--you will replay the message only to hear your own final words before your death. most successful part of the film is the trenchant satire of reality tv cameras intruding on the future victims, but the not-so-elaborate deaths (which include a hidden piece of red candy!) are disappointing and dispiriting. the frequent shots of ravaged dead bodies are actually displayed rather discreetly, and this overall politeness may be the reason why the film is ultimately so staid. hollywood predictably jumped on the far-fetched plot in 2008, yet the u.s. version fared no better. no stars from ****

basically, take the concept of every asian horror ghost movie and smash it into one and you get this movie. the story goes like this: a bunch of college kids get voice mails from their own phones that are foretelling their deaths. there's some s*** going on with ghosts, which if you've seen any asian ghost movie, isn't scary by now. this movie was quite upsetting because it's very clichéd. it's the same bullcrap, different movie.the acting was pretty good. unfortunately the actors are put into a very ring-esquire situation, so it's nothing we haven't seen in the past. the two lead acts did a solid job though.as far as gore, there's not much going on. we get a cool sequence that includes an arm twisting a head off (i don't know how else to explain that), but it was cut away so you don't see anything except the final result. you see some blood at times, including decapitated arms and a zombie (that looked really cool i might add), but this movie isn't too bloody.the scares in the movie are few and spread out, and it's really not that scary. you'll get some creepy images at times, but it's not enough for me to consider scary. it's nothing different from ringu, ju-on, or dark water, and none of those scared me either. that's really the downfall of this (and most asian horror movies) is that if it doesn't deliver the scares then it's just not that good.as far as directing, takashi miike still did a pretty good job. he seemed a little tamed in this movie compared to his past movies, but he still portrays a lot of his messed up style he's become famous for. a lot of images were a lot like miike (including a scene with a bunch of jars of dead fetuses), and the last 15 - 20 minutes seemed far more miike then the rest of the movie. still, the movie is flawed by its unoriginality.i would recommend this only to people who are huge on asian horror movies (even if you are, i can recommend much better) or big miike fans. warning to those who want to get into miike, this is not his best work.i'm giving it a 4 because it's just mediocre. perhaps if this was released 4 or 5 years ago it might be worth a higher rating.also, i'd like to b**** about asian horror movies real quick. how come if it's an asian horror movie it's automatically suppose to be good over here (us)? a lot of these movies are the equivalent in japan to what scream, urban legends, and i know what you did last summer were over here in the 90's. if you've seen one you've seen them all. and a lot of these movies rely way too much on scares and imagery that if it doesn't deliver the scares they set out to do then they're just not that good, and nothing would change that. more asian horror films need to be more like audition and a tale of two sisters, two movies that if they don't frighten or scare you, at least they have great stories, acting, direction, cinematography, and much more to back them up. two movies that aren't just great horror movies, but great movies in general. more asian horror movies need to be like these instead of the cliché, "a ghost just wanted to be found so it went around killing people through their phone/video tape/house/electric appliance/water pipes/google search engine/vibrator/groceries/etc."

by all the fawning people have been doing over miike and his work. i sat through this flick tonight. i figured, if it's half as good as ringu, as i assumed from these comments it might be, than it will be worth my time.no such luck.i'm all for finding the next great director (or writer), but i don't think miike is the one. i don't have an nyu masters of fine arts, but i do know this much: a horror movie has to have pacing. it also has to give the viewer more credulity than this movie does.this film's pacing had me shaking my head. some of the scenes near the end dragged so badly, i went to the fridge and lingered there while kou shibasaki stared at the camera for seemingly minutes on end, eyes wide and mouth agape. a famous director once made the claim, and i'm paraphrasing, a movie could be made by turning the camera on a beautiful woman and letting it roll. kou is not a good enough actress to make that work. she stares paralyzed at the undead girl for more scenes than i care to remember. and she isn't the only one doing an impersonation of a deer in headlights; other cast members apparently feel the need to imitate this non-performance. the script gives them little room to do much else for far too much of the time.i like asian cinema. hong kong action flicks from the last 30 years, korean horror like "phone" and "koma", ang lee's work, some of the trashy but fun filipino movies with gratuitous sex and fighting, as well as others. chakushin ari i could have done without.

young and attractive japanese people are getting on the wrong side of some curse again, this time it involves mobile phones. various people die until the disgruntled spirit behind it all is unearthed, so essentially if you've seen more than 2 recent japanese horror films you can plot this film in the dark with your hands tied.the main attraction here is the fact that takashi miike is behind the camera. so far i've been more impressed with his low key works like city of lost souls, however as one missed call plodded along i was yearning for his more renowned envelope pushing of dead or alive or the overly pseudo-cronenberg style of audition. despite a lot of his films being essentially empty, at least they do have merits such as these, or at least something to keep your attention like tadanobu asano prancing about in shiny suits impersonating johnny depp. there's none of that in one missed call; there's just very little of credit: the acting is bland and average, there is very little (nothing, in all honesty) in the way of scares or suspense, and in places it's just downright boring.however, there are moments where miike's glacier-like sense of humour seeps through the bland commercialism; most notably with the instance of the tv show intent on filming the demise of one of the cursed subjects, and the tv programmer more concerned about his ratings than the girls' life. but aside from this there is nothing to suggest it is miike behind the camera; most notably his usual visual flair has vanished without a trace (and that includes his famous gore), although it's more likely he just didn't have any enthusiasm for the project, and i can understand why. one missed call isn't offensively bad. it's just frustratingly average.miike obviously loves directing. with his huge yearly output it's obvious he isn't going to be 100% concerned about all his projects. but even with this in mind, one missed call felt like he was just paying the bills.

something to sing about was produced at grand national studios where james cagney was working while under a contract dispute with the brothers warner. he did two films for this b studio, neither of which rank high in the cagney credits.one of the great losses to cinema is the fact that jimmy cagney did so few films that utilized his terrific dancing abilities. the two that come to mind immediately are yankee doodle dandy and footlight parade. two lesser films are the west point story and never steal anything small. cagney himself said he never used to watch anything but his musicals in retirement. so why did he make so few of them?well this one was all wrong. the plot of something to sing about concerns a hoofer who fronts for a band who's discovered and given a movie contract. there are the usual complications of a conniving studio boss and a conniving press agent played respectively and well by gene lockhart and william frawley. his contract calls for a no- marriage clause, so cagney and band girl singer lady evelyn daw marry in secret. then we get the complication of a publicity driven studio romance with screen leading lady mona barrie. i think you can figure where this is going.the most disappointing thing about something to sing about is the lack of dance numbers for cagney. he dances briefly at the beginning and the end of the film and nothing in the middle. evelyn daw had a nice singing voice and the charisma of a ham sandwich. she got the musical numbers such as they were. i'm sure the movie-going public was paying their tickets to see cagney dance. also in addition to giving him some dance numbers a female dance partner would have been nice. he danced well with ruby keeler in footlight parade and with virginia mayo and doris day in the west point story. weren't ginger rogers, eleanor powell or ruby keeler available?no memorable songs came out of this. and daw's voice is waisted as well. she has a jeanette macdonald soprano voice which was so out of place with a swing band.no wonder cagney went running back to warner brothers. but they should have given him some decent musicals.

i went in expecting the movie to be completely dumb. with such a low expectation, any form of entertainment would be a pleasant surprise. the soundtrack was the best part of the movie, but poking fun at the nonsense that goes on in singles wards was also amusing.this said, there were many things about the singles ward that were completely annoying. the entire film was poorly dubbed and made watching mouths while listening to their voices very irritating. this lack of professionalism was surpassed only by the cameos of mormon celebrities who have no business acting.this film will do well among mormondom, especially in college communities where singles ward exist. however the conclusion will offer no hope for the poor losers who find themselves unmarried. (only the pretty girls in the singles ward get married, the fat, ugly ones don't, but all the ugly men do) ultimately we realize that the whole film was an advertisement for ldssingles.com

i live in salt lake city and i'm not a mormon, so why did i rent this movie? well because i live in utah and thought it'd be nice to see locations i know in a film. i really knew going into it that i wasn't going to get the inside jokes so i wasn't surprised when i sat with the deer in the headlights stare. what i was surprised at was the ant-non mormon actions that were placed in this film.i know it's a mormon film, catered to the members of the lds church, but i found it offensive because of the typical stereotype of people that isn't of their faith. every non mormon, which wasn't many, drank, smoked and had an amazing selfishness attitude, why?that really ticked me off about this film, they made the mormons so pure, yet the rest of the state of utah i guess is filled with punk psychos just because they don't follow the scriptures of the lds church.i can understand having the plots revolve around all lds members, but you'd think salt lake city was 100% mormon, which isn't even close to being the truth. and as i said, the non mormons in the movie were portrayed as drunken jerks, please!i guess i just don't get it because i don't belong to their faith and i guess i never will.

with the runaway success of "god's army", every mormon with a camera seems to be trying to make a movie now. in the case of the recent "the other side of heaven", this wasn't at all a bad thing. that film, while not great, was quite good. "the singles ward", however, is not.telling the story of a young, divorced mormon guy thrust back into single life, the writing and shooting style of "the singles ward" is, in many ways, very similar to the 80s comedy "ferris bueller's day off". however, the similarities end there. while "ferris bueller" was funny, original, and well-acted (as far as stupid comedies like this ever are), "the singles ward" is completely the opposite. it tries very hard to be funny. however, 90% of the gags either fall flat or are cliches and jokes you've probably heard a million times before. the other 10% seem to be thrown in to fill out the time. and the acting, while not awful, is amaturish at best.in addition, if you're not either a mormon yourself, or very, very familiar with mormon culture, you won't get hardly anything at all. whereas "god's army" and "the other side of heaven" were appealing to a broad range of viewers, both inside and outside of the mormon church, this film is most definitely one big inside joke, and even if you get it, it's just not that funny.

in the small american town of meadowvale dr. anthony blake (david gale, the imdb listing for this character is wrong it's definitely dr. blake not dr. blakely) is the director and founder of the famed 'psychological research institute' and also host's a local t.v. programme called 'independent thinkers'. he uses this t.v. show to hypnotise the viewers and make them commit acts of violence. dr. blake has the help of a large brain with an evil face that uses it's spinal cord as a tail thingy. usually the brain is just sitting in a tank, eats mice and the odd bad actor, each time it eats someone it gets much bigger. meanwhile at the local high-school gifted but troublesome teenager jim majelewski (tom bresnahan) has been caught putting sodium down the toilets. jim is sent to dr. blake at the pri for help with his attitude and behavioural problems. while there dr. blake hooks jim up to, well something i'm not actually sure what. this whatever it is, is attached to the brain. at first jim is able to resist the brain's mind control. the brain feels that jim is a threat to itself and it's plans. once out of the pri jim starts having bizarre hallucinations and crashes his car. jim makes it to his waitress girlfriend janet (cynthia preston as cyndy preston) but is handed back to dr. blake's assistant verna (george buza) soon after by officer marks (harry booker). the brain wants to kill jim because he is the only one capable of withstanding it's mind control techniques, and with 'independent thinkers' going national the brain doesn't want anything or anyone to stop it's evil plan for world domination! jim quickly realises that the brain is controlling the entire town and he alone must stop the brain, before it takes over the world!directed by ed hunt who calls himself edward hunt here, the brain wasn't as bad as i thought it was going to be. don't get me wrong as it certainly isn't great either. the script by barry pearson tries a stab at satire with the brain washing and mind control by t.v. storyline. it moves along at a fair pace and isn't too boring. no explanation is given for the existence of the brain at all, it's just there and that's it we have to accept it. the story is a little choppy and never fully explores one single element, there's the t.v. mind control, the brain itself, jim being hunted by the police & his misbehaviour and various other little bits and pieces here and there including a bizarre revelation regarding dr. blake that isn't explained at all. production wise this film looks cheap, and probably was cheap. the acting isn't great but i've seen worse, and what is david gale doing in this? in fact this role is similar to gale's role in re-animator (1985) even down to his character's deaths in both films. the brain itself at first sits in a tank and starts to grow whenever it eats someone and by the end it is pretty big. each stage is just made of rubber. it doesn't look particularly good and isn't scary or creepy, just cheap. there's no blood or gore in it apart from a blink and you'll miss it decapitation. the nudity is provided by dr. blake's assistant vivian (christine kossak as christine kossack) before she gets eaten. the brain had a certain entertainment value for me but i would think most people would dislike it. maybe worth a watch if you can see it on t.v. for free.

a spoiler.what three words can guarantee you a terrible film? cheap canadian production. the brain fits those words perfectly. terrible script, idiotic acting and hilarious special effects make this a must for every bad movie fan. the horror is hilarious. the post production team looks like it gave up. what makes the brain admirable is in the second half, it actually tries to be good! can a bit of ingenuity and consistency save what is already a joke?it's around christmas time. a mother and daughter are murdered by one of the funniest looking villains ever. the day later, a rebel teen gets into enough trouble that he is sent for a psychiatric analysis.if a cop 's head is chopped off and a stranger with blood on him and a bloody axe told you some kids did it, who would you believe? what begins as funny turns dull and tiring toward the end when the brain tries to be serious. a child cannot be frightened by the scary moments. the brain is too funny a concept to try and be gritty. the psychological research institute is larger than major manufacturing plants! our ugly villain and its cohorts get credit for pulling some of the worst acting i have seen. viewer discretion advised heavily.

my friends and i rented this for "bad movie night" with high hopes, but the brain was something of a letdown. the brain itself is gloriously goofy-looking, but it mostly just sits on its little platform. who thought that it would be cool that the brain only gets to munch on three people throughout 94 drawn-out minutes? this movie has a number of things going for it at first, including an estevez-knockoff lead playing a rebellious genius (we're told that his enormous intellect is misdirected into his elaborate pranks and school stunts, which include putting krazy glue on someone's chair). it also has some great lines, a hilariously out-of-shape and out-of-breath henchman who just barely manages to be everywhere, and, yeah, some chick gets naked. however, the director desperately needs some schooling in the art of pacing. during the last half things just start to drag on and on, with at least 3 or 4 pointless, boring chase scenes making up the middle third of the plot. the scenes inside the pri complex are especially bad. at least 15 minutes of this movie are people running up and down the same stairwell. i could've fixed the screenplay to this thing in half an hour- more cheese, more gore, more nudity, more brain action. if you're going to make a bad horror movie, at least give me something cool to look at while my superego shuts down. maybe the director was trying to really bring the audience into his movie- i started feeling like one of the zombified townsfolk by the end of this crapfest.

it was all over with the slashers around 88 so it was time for the cheesy rip offs of those older movies. the brain is well done, the script reminded me of videodrome but then in a more cheesy way as said before. the acting can go through with it. but it's the effects that makes you laugh, the so called brain is really a turkey and the blood is never shown. the opening sequence is what makes this movie worth watching, the hallucinations are really nicely done and reminded me of nightmare on elm street, remember the telephone coming alive.... some how you keep watching this flick, waiting what is happening next. it's viewable for all freaks out there cause there isn't any gore in it and as said the blood isn't there neither but there is nudity for the perverts. i have seen worser movies than this one, only wished they had made it bloodier...

i really didn't like this film. the plot was very predictable. typical american plot, i'm sorry. guy gets the girl kind of thing at the end. and london has a monorail? bank of london??? bank of england is what it really is!! - i did however like the look of tracy island and the thunderbirds themselves. and the brits were baddies? (apart from parker and lady penelope) what was up with that? oh and they kept on saying stuff like "here come 'the thunderbirds'" - but it was never known as 'the thunderbirds' in the series, why do that?? i'd like to see this re-made in 20 years with more british cast. i preferred the original series. sorry!

the original thunderbirds earned a place in tv history. it was, and still is, much beloved - indeed, the entire first 10 minutes of the wallace and gromit movie (the wererabbit) is a direct lift of thunderbirds, down to a direct replay of the original thunderbird 2 launching sequence (if you don't believe me, get the movie, and then get a copy of the original episode where thunderbird 2 is launched).this movie was a crass attempt at making a kids' movie - when the original was loved and enjoyed by kids and adults alike! in the original, the thunderbirds spent all of their time rescuing people who were often trapped when mother nature or technology went horrible wrong (yes, there was also the occasional criminal act). the thunderbirds put their own lives and resources at risk for no reward - the very essence of heroism and selflessness. there was little physical violence. the thunderbirds challenged the imagination to a degree - how many of us would dream of someday building a thunderbird 2? and don't underestimate the power of entertainment to do this - many japanese attribute their fascination with humanoid robots to the old astroboy cartoon.but this movie was a poor re-image of the original. this movie came across as a meld between thunderbirds and loony tunes - i mean, we have anthony edwards as brain imitating porky pig's stuttering????? much of the action consists of kung fu/power rangers type fighting. indeed, there were funny sound effects when someone got nailed on the head with a frying pan. the tech that fired our imagination was absent - instead we have these kids running around, using a plot device that was never in the original series (having the entire team take off at once, leaving the base occupied by the kids and brain). then there was a dose of "use the force luke" mysticism thrown in when tintin would levitate something or another, coupled with the the hood using aerodynamics that looked like they were lifted from "crouching tiger, hidden dragon". about the only thing missing was for the hood to go "tintin, i am your uncle" with a breath mask voice. the heart that made thunderbirds unique was gone.the only bright point was ron cook's portrayal of parker - he caught it perfectly. but the actress playing lady penelope came across as a child - huh???? and this is why we hate this movie. when someone puts out something that was popular to a fan base, and expects the fans to shell out money to watch, and then delivers something than wasn't even close to what the fans expect - well, i am sorry, that is just plain wrong! ok, so if they were making a kids' movie - fine - next time distribute it straight to video, where many of these belong. but don't package something up in a familiar wrapper and change the innards.

wow i payed £3.50 to go see this movie at the cinema. cant believe i wasted my time. the acting is cringe worthy at best and the special effects are crude. probarly the worst script in history some extremely embarrassing quotes i have ever heard in my life. i swear to god 'swept away' is better than this. madonna should of won and oscar compared to these guys. an hour and a half of my life i want back. honestly people don't see this, even toddler would find this movie an insult to their intelligence. i found this movie very strange in the fact that it was hard to tell who is more wooden, theses guys here of the actual puppets. pleas guys don't waste your time on this movie you will live to regret it.

i still haven't gotten to see all of this; it's running on cable right now, and i seem to keep coming in on the middle of it. my main reason for being interested in it is that i'm a bill paxton fan; he's a pretty good actor, and has turned in consistently good work over the course of his career.the other thing is that, while never really a fan of the old series, i kinda liked thunderbirds for the ships and effect work. derek meddings was quite possibly the best in the business during the sixties and seventies, and his designs for the international rescue craft are wonderful. the current team has done a fine job of translating his work to the big screen.but...this is one lame story. the kids are asked to drive it, and while they do an okay job, it's hard to suspend your disbelief, especially when you have brains' eight-year-old son flying t2, an enormous multi-ton transport with all the aerodynamics of a buick. everywhere you look, you see a ford logo. product placement is way over the top here, and it's annoying. ben kingsley does an good job as the hood, but he can only do so much with a one-dimensional role. if you can accept the film on its very slim merits, thunderbirds is a fun, enjoyable ride. just don't look too closely at the machinery that drives it.addendum: i finally got to see all of this, and it's worse than i thought. the acting is fairly uniformly poor, and while the effects are fairly good, the story on multiple viewings has gotten cheesier. the overdone product placement for ford is annoying, and the kids as central characters grate on my remaining nerves. as with the avengers, if you ignore the source material, it's bearable. but not very. watch the original show, and you'll see what i mean.and a word of advice to jon frakes. take a refresher course at the director's guild. you can do better than this, old friend.another footnote...i saw this again. last night. on telemundo. dubbed in spanish, with cheesy comedy sound effects. and yes, i came in roughly in the middle, with ben, ron and sophia in their fight scene on tracy island. i didn't think it was possible for an already lame movie to be worse, but it was. it was embarrassingly bad. if this had been done straight, no kids-to-the-rescue, no tongue-in-cheek jokes, it might have worked. as it is, it's just another beloved childhood joy that's been ruined.

ba ba ba boring...... this is next to battlefield earth in science fiction slumberness. genie francis (aka general hospital's laura) has a small role as a reporter and that in itself should tell you that this movie must be bad.... there is ben kingsley (an academy award winning actor) in this stinker and a few others decent actors. you have to wonder what possessed them to decide to do this awful movie. the music dramatically goes up and down like it's a major dramatic story. even if you pay attention the plot is impossible to follow. the effects are mediocre as well and seem really dated. all of the actors speak in a monotone voice and have no realism to their dialogue. i could go on and on on how this is a bad movie. at least with battlefield earth it's so bad it's funny but this is just b o r i n g. avoid unless you want to be lulled to sleep.

from the beginning of the movie, it gives the feeling the director is trying to portray something, what i mean to say that instead of the story dictating the style in which the movie should be made, he has gone in the opposite way, he had a type of move that he wanted to make, and wrote a story to suite it. and he has failed in it very badly. i guess he was trying to make a stylish movie. any way i think this movie is a total waste of time and effort. in the credit of the director, he knows the media that he is working with, what i am trying to say is i have seen worst movies than this. here at least the director knows to maintain the continuity in the movie. and the actors also have given a decent performance.

tony scott directs a thriller sports flick that should attract even the non-sports fan. and some say baseball is a dead sport...boring...too damn slow. well perk up! on the outside he appears to be a disgruntled salesman(robert de niro) while on the inside he is a psychotic san francisco giants fan. along comes a new slugger(wesley snipes)and designated savior from the doldrums. our salesman harbors a murderous obsession when the hard hitting all star falls into the worst slump in his career and the giants are feared to crumble along with him. de niro is terror personified. snipes seems very natural as the ballplayer. other notables in the cast are: the still attractive ellen barkin, john leguizamo, benicio del toro and patti d'arbanville. you are a free agent...so enjoy. violence and very strong language is to be expected and you get your moneys worth.

to put it simply, the fan was a disappointment. it felt like as if i was watching taxi driver, except taxi driver was much better than this. it seemed like the filmmakers wanted us to root for robert deniro's character 100 percent. this approach didn't work.

deniro is a master...one of my favourites. and i love good sports movies {not into baseball so much, but hey, its sports movies, right?. i was expecting much more for this movie. it seems to start out well: deniro is what i expected, snipes {whom i don't really like} is very good as the spoiled star. barkin's role, to me, was ok. she's a good actress, but seemed out of place in this role. to me, they always seemed to rush the scenes, and then it drags a bit in places. it just seemed tio me to be so uneven! considering the cast and the plot, it could have been so much better. i rated it a '4', and i was being generous ~ i'm a tough one with numbers!

*many many spoilers in this review* this movie was horrible. i am a huge baseball fan so i thought i'd watch it, and i was very disappointed. it started out okay.. when i saw the bad influence deniro had on his young son, i was hoping that he would become a better father throughout the movie or something. anyways, at the beginning it seemed as if deniro was supposed to be the protagonist. he was the only one that believed in bobby, and he had his adorable son that he was losing custody of, which gave me a reason to feel bad for him. he wanted to help bobby by talking to primo, when out of absolutely nowhere he brutally stabs primo to death... not to mention that sketchy reoccurring song "i want to **** you!!!!" at random unfitting moments.later, when deniro saves bobby's son from drowning, i was hoping that the movie could redeem itself.. he could forgive himself for killing primo if he saved bobby's son. but of course this is far beyond the depth of the movie, because all he cares about is getting credit for the murder, and does so by stealing bobby's son, car, and dog and holding them hostage- bobby just has to hit a home run and announce that deniro is a "true fan" while displaying a picture of him biting a knife.now we get to the completely unrealistic scene at the end... it is pouring like hell and we are expected to believe that the game hasn't been called. then deniro somehow magically appears on the field in an umpire suit and calls bobby out at home, proceeding to pull out his knife and start stabbing everyone that runs onto the field. there are seemingly no officers on the field (but the police are on their way), so deniro steps on the mound and prepares to pitch a knife to bobby when he gets shot to death. but don't worry, this cheerful and pleasant movie has a happy ending, because bobby find his son.this is not a sports movie. it is not about a fan. as far as i know, fans are not rabid psychopaths that threaten, rob, and throw knives at their admirees. this is likely to be the sickest movie i will ever see in my life. the plot was shallow, the soundtrack sucked, the movie had no purpose whatsoever. i warn you not to waste your time on this disgusting excuse for a film.

what a bad movie. i'm really surprised that deniro and even snipes would be associated with something like this. if you're going to make a movie that involves baseball, and shows scenes of baseball, at least make the action look somewhat realistic. why was the crowd always standing up for no particular reason during games? ***possible spoiler*** and the last scene in the movie....what was that? we are somehow led to believe that deniro has found his way onto the field in an umpire's uniform, and that the game is even being played in a torrential downpour....one of the worst ever scenes in a sports movie. 3 stars out of 10.

one of the worst movies i've ever seen with robert de niro, the fan is a pointless cliché of an exercise in slasher flicks. it tries to spin or twist the genre with preposterous plot lines of a a crazed fan turned psychotic - the movie meanders into nothing. (spoiler) we're to believe that a knife-wielding idiot has access to and murders a baseball player in a lavish hotel with no witness, security, or cameras? the movie is nonsense trying to tug at our heart-strings through the hoopla of baseball ending up mockingly unsophisticated and gimmicky. not sure what all the actors were thinking when they got onboard this razzie. this is as big a dud as they come. stay far away if you prefer thought in your movies

in the fan robert de niro plays gil renard . or is it travis bickle ? or rupert pupkin ? or max cady ? you see the problem with this type of role is that de niro has played very very similar characters in taxi driver , the king of comedy and cape fear and unfortunately the characters were better developed and had better scripts . i found it slightly difficult to believe that renard would have started out as a frustrated obsessive sports fan into being an out and out psychothe character arc isn't the only problem with this script - it also lacks a character focus ( a problem i had with the untouchables where de niro should have been superb but ended up slightly flat ) , for several stretches of the movie i kept thinking that bobby rayburn was the main character then the story switches back to renard . it also seems to have disappointed a lot of sports fans who seem to think this should have concentrated a bit more on baseball . i'm not sure if this was meant to appeal to baseball fans originally but again there are elements which hint it might have if the producers had made up their minds has to who and what the story should focus upon i will admit i was entertained by the fan ( especially by the soundtrack ) but it is a very flawed film and it should be remembered that by the mid 1990s characters being stalked by nutters as in single white female , unlawful entry etc had run out of steam a long time ago

would anyone really watch this rubbish if it didn't contain little children running around nude? from a cinematic point of view it is probably one of the worst films i have encountered absolutely dire. some perv woke up one day and thought i will make a film with little girls in and call it art, stick them in countryside and there isn't any need for a story or explanation of how they got there or why they don't appear to live anywhere or have parents because p*rn films don't need anything like that. i would comment on the rest of the film but i haven't ticked spoilers so i will just say avoid, avoid avoid and find yourself a proper film to watch

i rarely comment on films but i've read the other comments and i cannot believe that there are people applauding this celluloid rubbish. i know there are certain people who have their own agenda but lets take it on merit; poorly acted, badly shot and the story felt as the director was making it up as he was going along. i am not going to focus on the sexual aspect of the film involving little kids as the makers of the film obviously knew what they wanted and what their audience would want. all i can say is it is a terrible film, the content is poor and offensive, the production is amateurish and i am glad they could not make a film like this legally today

the tortuous emotional impact is degrading, whether adult or adolescent the personal values shown in this movie belong in a bad psychodrama if anywhere at all. this movie has a plot, but it is all evil from start to end. this is no way for people to act and degrades both sexes all the way through the movie. teen killing - bad preteen sex - bad emotional battering - bad animal cruelty - bad psychological torture - bad parental neglect - bad the only merit if any is the excellent color shots of contrasting red, blond and green leaves a bad feeling for anyone that respects life and peace, what a bad mistake to make, or to watch... it is ugly

'maladolescenza' has the air of a dark fairy tale, with its child protagonists, forest setting, and the discovery of a castle's ruins. yet at its core, the film is essentially an unusual psychosexual study of adolescents. opening with a dream sequence employing the not-so-subtle metaphor of fabrizio wrestling with his menacing hound, the film details his psychological persecution of laura, the girl who has pledged her love to him, and his eventual romance with the equally malicious sylvia. the film's psychological complexities do give the film merit, yet there's no doubting how unnecessarily exploitive the film is in its depiction of nudity and sex. the film's look relies more on its gorgeous locations rather than particular cinematographic skill, and there's no doubting the film's greatest asset is the creepy, children's choir-augmented soundtrack. with its odd dreamlike quality, the film is at best interesting, yet pales beside louis malle's surreal and brilliant 'black moon' from the same era. certainly deserving of the art versus pornography debate, for unlike many banned films, pasolini's 'salo' or larry clark's 'ken park' for instance, the film is rather unremarkable from an artistic perspective. cinema seems to be gradually losing its ability to shock, so perhaps 'maladolescenza' should be admired for retaining that power thirty years after its release. however shock value is the one reason alone the film is memorable. the film does have its defenders. yet so does nazism.

a typical 70s italian coming of age film, original and good music, but with some quirks, interesting but not fantastic photography, poor and at times confused storyline (e.g. the role of the wolf-dog, and where does the boy come from?) with poor dialogue, nice ambiance.the reason it is still (relatively) well-known and sought after is probably the nude scenes (including typical 70s pseudo-coitus) involving an 11 and 13 year old girl with an older teenage boy (eva ionesco and laura wendel) - it is interesting from a socio-political point of view to see how these representations of very young adolescents was considered acceptable and normal in the whole of europe (and us) 30 years ago, whereas now it is more than taboo.the story revolves round bullying of one girl (laura) by the other two characters, and her discovery of sex, a quite accurate representation of an aspect teenage life. the character of eva (silvia) does not evolve to the very end of the film and already appears very versed in the erotic arts - there is no "coming of age" for her: she is a very vain young girl who is already aware of her sexual charms, but ultimately is just used and ends the film crying like the little girl she really still is. the boy is an utterly despicable bully, while laura comes across as a very naive and weak victim.

although there are a lot of familiar "television" names associated with "a man called sledge", there is nothing extraordinary about the film itself or about any of the performances. in fact, the only thing that distinguishes it from a 1960's-70's television series like "the rat patrol" is a bigger cast and a lot more violence. james garner is the biggest star and apparently thought he should try to break away from all the light comedy stuff he had been doing ("maverick", "support your local sheriff"-"gunfighter" etc.). unfortunately his earthy likability works against him, as sledge is a humorless character written to cash in on the popularity of clint eastwood's spaghetti western character. but eastwood's stuff was not this flat and uninteresting.i suppose that "a man called sledge" could be classified as a spaghetti western although the pacing is too slow to really fit that sub-genre. fans of the slow-paced "combat" television series will feel an instant connection as vic morrow directed the film and co-wrote the script with frank kowalski. throw in some then trendy slow-mo shots and cross-dissolves, which call attention to themselves rather than serve a story-telling purpose. the plot is the standard "big heist" thing (insert "the war wagon" here) with sledge plotting how to heist a $300,000 gold shipment. his gang includes claude akins and dennis weaver. the problem is that while on the move the shipment is guarded by 40 outriders and while stopped it is locked in a vault inside the territorial prison. i think there was an episode of "alias smith and jones" with the same plot.the story would make a decent hour of television but gets old very fast as a very padded feature length film. garner does not allow any of his charm to leak into his characterization and the film does not generate enough suspense to hold a viewer's interest.the thing finally crashes and burns shortly after the heist when the gang engages in a contrived and totally illogical card game. then again, what do i know? i'm only a child.

"fungicide" is quite possibly the most incompetent, embarrassing, pitiful "film" i have ever seen. the acting is criminal, the direction practically non-existent, and the special effects presumably put together by unleashing a monkey with learning difficulties on a defenceless laptop computer.far be it from me to stifle creativity, but i actually believe things like this shouldn't be made. i am sure the "film"-makers will say that, yes, the "film" was hampered by a low (as in nothing) budget - but in that case they just really shouldn't have bothered. as it is, they have offered the world something so dire, so execrable, that only imbeciles could get the merest shade of enjoyment from it.starting the "movie" it wasn't as though i was expecting "citizen kane" or anything. i was expecting a low budget little horror with perhaps a modicum of inventiveness, a hint of fun, and even some energy. what i got was the cinematic equivalent of a used handkerchief.the plot? well, our leering antihero scientist, who works in his parents' basement, is seen manically stirring some goo in a cup. apparently, such high-level science is the end-result of years of research. his parents then send him off to a strange hotel-type place in the countryside to relax. there are some other people there, who are simply too awful to write about. anyway, the scientist drops his test-tube onto some mushrooms - and soon the mushrooms grow and kill some people. (wow, i'm getting suicidal just writing the plot summary). our heroes save the day by detonating a barrel of balsamic vinegar (by attaching a "fuse" - really a piece of string - to it). the barrel unaccountably explodes with the power of a small nuclear weapon, destroying all the mushrooms. the end. (thank goodness).that summary is as good as the "film" gets (and actually makes it sound a lot more interesting than it actually is). it really should never have got past this stage of development (by which i mean a plot outline scribbled on the back of an envelope with crayons). somebody should have really stepped in and given someone a vigorous shake and said "no." and those "special" effects. well, they're "special" all right. this is cgi gone crazy. and done by a person who i can only assume believes the bicycle pump to be the pinnacle of modern technology. and when the mushroom monsters are not in the style of a 1984 home computer graphics package, they are represented by actors shuffling along covered in a sheet (i kid you not).one of the most inexcusable things about the movie is its laziness. this can be summed up by the scene in which the hero spins his guns (a la clint eastwood) and then fails miserably to get them in his pockets. i mean come on, a couple of retakes and he could have pulled it off, but just to leave it as it is - really weak.i cannot believe money was spent on this camcorder-shot rubbish. the "film"-makers should hang their heads in shame and be banned from going within fifty metres of any movie-making equipment.i also think it's wrong that friends and family of the makers come onto imdb and post mendacious reviews and give stupidly high user ratings which give a totally inaccurate picture of the "movie." "fungicide" is an absolute travesty of film-making. mr wascavage is either very, very stupid or very, very cynical.

if you are the sort of person who can get a kick out of a very bad movie, then i highly recommend this one. if you aren't, stay away. this is an astonishingly cheap-looking movie, and at times you may find yourself wondering if it isn't just a prank someone is pulling on you. the most positive comment i can make about it is that the people responsible seemed to realize that it was super-low-budget nonsense, so there is at least a sense of fun here.but this is as amateurish as it gets. their idea of giant killer mushrooms are simply guys covered with beige colored sheets with what looks like trash can covers on their heads. it's obviously not meant to be taken seriously (to say the least), but even with that disclaimer you'll find yourself shaking your head at the awesome cheesiness of it all. or laughing out loud frequently, as i did.

this was just horrible the plot was just ok, but the rest of the was was bad . i mean come on puppet and then they even tried to make the movie digital and that made it even worse! normally i would like low-budget movie but this was just a waste of time and almost made me want to return the set that it came on. i have about ten low-budget movie set with like 6-8 movies on them and i would have to say this is the worse movie out of all of them. also the wording is off and they use a fake plastic machetes that doesn't even look like a real one, they could of used one that looked even a little close to a real one so save your time and money and don't watch this horrorible movie.

the only way we survived this stinker was by continually making fun of its stupidity. funny thing is none of the audience around us seemed to mind--we all joined in.this movie is soooo bad, its only potential is to become a midnight cult movie that people can invent lines and throw popcorn at.

tarzan the ape man is a remake of the 1932 film of the same time, and like that earlier film, it has little resemblance to burroughs' literary character. but while the 1932 tarzan was reduced to "tarzan - jane" speech, this tarzan, played by miles o'keeffe, doesn't speak or even grunt. he does do the the tarzan yell a couple of times, which sounds like it was sampled from the earlier film.no, tarzan plays second banana to bo derek as jane. or rather, as third banana to bo derek's left breast and her right breast. this movie has no point but to show derek naked.the two action scenes in the film are presented in slow motion, and are really bad. more evidence that no one cared.bizarrely enough, tarzan has an orangutan side kick in this film. maybe he car pooled in from sumatra with the indian elephants that are also on display.

i wanted to vote zero or lower. i loved the commentary. it is the worst movie ever made and 'unendurable' is the perfect word for it, unless there is something worse that roget never thought of. i am also at a loss to think of anything negative enough to accurately describe bo derek. the best that could be said of her is, she's consistent.

bo is jane parker, whose long-lost anthropologist father (richard harris, in the worst role of a very inconsistent career) is in africa studying something or another. she tracks him down (how?) and he tells her of the natives' stories of a giant monster whose nightly howling can be heard throughout the jungle. turns out to be the ape man himself (miles o'keeffe, who has the film's best dialogue), who rescues her from bad guys and falls in love with her, leaving them just enough time in this agonizing two hours to romp naked while a horny monkey looks on and cheers. normally i'm very open-minded to varying opinions about any film, but this is the sole exception. this is the worst film ever made. if you don't agree, you haven't seen it. (notes: newsday called it "unendurable," which is the best one-word summary i can think of. the maltin movie guide comments that they almost had to think of a rating lower than bomb.)

bo derek will not go down in history as a great actress. on the other hand, starting in the 1980s, actual acting talent seemed to be less and less of a required ability in hollywood, so bo could very well have gone onto bigger and better things after the big box office take of blake edwards' "10." that is if she hadn't allowed her husband, john derek, to take over her career. numerous playboy spreads and bad movies like this one (this one in particular) directed by john destroyed what momentum she had and made her the butt of many a joke. in the 1980s it was assumed that you could put a certain personality in a certain movie and it would be box office gold. john figured that putting bo in a movie wherein she was nude for much of the running time would make people flock to the theaters after the 10 hype. maybe if the movie had been any good perhaps. this version of tarzan has got to be the all time worst of the many iterpretations of burrough's lord of the jungle, a slap in the face to character's book and film legacy. tarzan is in fact an after thought as the film is primarily a vehicle for bo's breasts and richard harris' wonderful over acting (remember, the pair had worked together in orca). his scenery chewing helps you to stay awake during the boredom of it all and yes, the film is quite boring. nothing really exciting happens and the few action scenes seem to have been shot by someone in a trance. bo's body can only get you so far. miles o'keeffe who played tarzan at least would go onto a long and enjoyable b movie career and richard harris can put this behind him after his recent acting triumphs, but bo and john derek never recovered from this fiasco and future collaborations between the two only served to show why his directing career and her acting career died in the first place.and how did the orangutan get to africa?

i was thirteen years old, when i saw this movie. i expected a lot of action. since escape from new york was 16-rated in germany i entered the movie as fallback. it was so boring. afterwards i realized that this was just crap where a husband exhibits his wife. i mean today you do this via internet and you pay for instant access. it is more then 20 years ago, but i am still angry that i waste my time with this film. this is a soft-porno for schoolboys. undressing bo derek and painting her with color - nice. but then they should named the film undressing bo and painting her.

i screamed my head off because seeing this movie was my first movie going experience ever at some 13 months old. i remember it being incredibly bloody and it made me angry. i watched it again on tv a few years ago. big mistake -- the acting is wooden, the plot non-existent and the movie lacks merit unless 23 year-old t & a is what gets you going... 0/****

because that's all she does through out this whole movie,is get naked for no good reason.when tarzan is bitten by a snake,she suddenly removes her clothes.since when is a boa constrictor poisonous?how did tarzan get poisoned by the way ? this whole movie is screwed up.they couldn't get the species of animals for this movie right.whats an orangutang doing hanging around those chimpanzees?he must have wandered off the set of a much better film.the group of cannibal tribe's men look caucasin.why?and why was bo and her dad painted,if they were going to be eaten later?it was probably just a lame excuse to show her breasts and curves again.her dad while hunting, approaches and acts stupidly around a bull elephant while standing too close to it.any real african bull elephant that wasn't from the circus,would've stomped this moron's butt.any smart hunter would've started shooting the minute he saw it.and i can't help but wonder if the camera was on lsd,because it kept showing various scenes that went in slow motion, for no good reason.it didn't make good sense at all.the boa constrictor that tarzan wrestled with in the water,looks like one of those 12 ft rubber snakes you can buy at a local spencer gifts.tarzan was strangly speechless in this film,maybe from bo flashing herself so much.i'm sorry,but this is a rip off of a classic black and white tarzan movie,with a similar but better story.not to mention plotting .there's one scene in that i saw that everyone forgot to mention.*(spoilers alert)*the scene where he is trying to rescue jane and her dad,has him standing too close to a running water spout.it made it seem like he's urinating on someone below him.eww!also, him and jane are fooling around on a beach,with perverted monkeys jumping and clapping.she sure did take her dad's death real well.*(end of spoilers)*there should be a surgeon general's warning on this film.that seeing bo naked too much in this movie,will make you go blind.

frank tashlin's 'the home front' is one of the more lifeless private snafu shorts, a series of cartoons made as instructional films for the military. rather than have snafu take some inadvisable actions leading to disaster, 'the home front' instead focuses on his loved ones back home and how much they have to offer to the war effort too. snafu realises he was wrong when he thought they had it easy. it's a concept with few possibilities for good gags and instead tashlin plays the risqué card more heavily, extended jokes involving strippers and scantily clad dancing girls in place of much effective comic relief. the result is a well-meaning short which has little relevance or entertainment value today other than as an historical artefact.

this movie is the second worst film that i have ever seen (the first being ghost rider). there is absolutely no plot, climax, conflict, or any other major detail required in portraying a story. this 'film' is basically just another excuse for toby keith to show off his manly side and, the 'tough guy he really is'. i completely wasted my time watching this film. the best part would have to be the ending credits. if i were ebert or roper, i would have cut my thumbs off and thrown them at the producers. whoever in their right mind gave toby keith the chance to act in a feature film, is obviously on the same mental level as him. in conclusion, do not waste your time watching this movie, it could quite possibly be the only thing you regret.

i attended one of the premieres last night and have the following observations: 1. just because you've directed a ton of music videos does not make you qualified to make movies. the movie had an overabundance of lingering shots that made no sense, horrible angles, and terrible lighting. the editing didn't help this mess at all. when "dixie" shows up late for the memorial service her mother remarks about her hand but it's never clear what the heck she's talking about.2. the plot had promise, but the script was thin and full of ford truck sized holes. we never get to understand what drives the characters, what's really behind the conflicts they all have with each other or exactly how they resolve them. sixteen years of distance is wiped out in 4 days seemingly by magic. the deep conversations were marred by stupid clichés. (in fact, the whole town was one big cliché of southern life.) half the audience groaned when toby drawled "ya got my blood runnin through your veins gurl"...and we were treated to that insipid line not once, but twice! the revelations were yawn inducing, and the dramatic confessions boiled down to "i was stupid and stubborn".3. the acting was okay considering the wreck of a script they had to work with. toby was dark and brooding most of the film, but when he smiled and lightened up he was charming. it's a shame he didn't have more screen time like that. kelly preston's acting chops are pretty rusty and it shows. lindsay haun is talented and it's certainly not her fault the writers made her character so unlikeable in the beginning that you don't blame her father for not coming to look for her. burt reynolds and tess harper were able to make more of this movie but still looked more or less lost. (and indeed, their characters get lost in this film!) 4. if you're a toby fan you'll love the songs. but often the movie felt like a scene was forced in just so they could feature one of his songs--or the artists on his record label. for instance, the movie's official love song is "crash here tonight". you'd think that would play around a tender love scene, but nope...we hear about 45 seconds of it as he's heading to a memorial service. it was as if they said "well, we gotta use this song somewhere". the song "broken" is haunting and the best thing to come out of this movie.in summary...a promising plot never fully develops and the movie is horribly uneven as it forceably tries to be a vehicle for toby keith's music and product placement for ford trucks. it goes from being about people rebuilding broken bridges to trying to be about the power of music but the story is told so poorly that both points get lost in this overgrown music video. i like toby and really wanted to like "broken bridges" but the people he counted on to make this movie let him down and deserve one of his famous boots you know where.

if you're a fan of mystery science theater 3k, attack of the giant leeches, or pinata survival island, this movie might be for you.i live in nashville and i didn't even know of this movie's existence until the day prior to its release, when the advertising company panicked and blanketed music row with dozens of fliers and billboards. it barely lasted two weeks in theaters anyway.bad acting, bad writing, and poor production only begin to describe this embarrassment of a film. for starters, the names are a bit much: bo price, angel, and dixie? eesh.toby's awkwardly slow delivery of lines makes one wonder what production assistant got stuck holding the cue cards off camera. angel's character rapidly transitions from her city-slicker ways to a cowgirl, slipping into southern slang after two days on the ranch. her wardrobe goes from chic to a female version of toby's--in fact, in the final scene, their outfits are identical, making one wonder if the wardrobe assistant called in sick.the audio is inconsistent - perhaps the most noticeable example is when toby decides to go for a swim and his voice suddenly sounds like he's shouting in a gymnasium.there's never quite enough explanation or character development to suffice what happens on-screen. overacting, exasperation, grimaces, and moodiness best describes the actors' interpretation and direction of the terrible script.this movie is best enjoyed after consuming a couple of alcoholic beverages and in the company of your wittiest friends. but that's not saying much.

this movie makes peter an elf in robin hood costume instead of a human boy in probably-not-robin-hood-costume and ignores all the persona features in him that really matter. this movie makes wendy a babbling idiot. and poor captain hook a total clown. and of course as every disney cartoon must have a character which has had too many hits in the head, they made one of the lost boys that one. the only character that has not been disgraced in this film is tink. the only star is for her.the story itself then? the darling parents don't even get the time to notice their kids are gone!!! probably one of the most significant point in the original story and they ruined it! also the famous nursery scene between peter pan and wendy is a stunning piece of- there are no thimbles and no acorns - one of the little things that makes the original story such a unique one. it's a wonder he even had lost his shadow and she helped him stick it. (even though to his shoes and it makes no sense to me.)ruining a great story like this just to amuse children should be illegal. so know now if you haven't known it before - this disney version does not have anything significant in common with the original story - which is not really a children's story but just a great, great story.this just annoys me to no end.

in 2005,george w. bush started with his second period as a president of the united states; north korea announced its possession of nuclear weapons; pope john paul ii died after a long illness; and a movie called into the blue appeared.the existence of this movie is not as bad as the other things that happened on that year,but the film itself was pathetic and maybe,the worst one from that year.now,in 2009,the united states have another president,there is another pope,new korean nuclear weapons...and the film into the blue 2 : the reef,which is better than the original one...but that's the same as saying : "getting your fingers cut is better than getting your head cut".this sequel is a really bad film which kept me tremendously bored and uninterested.the cast of into the blue 2 : the reef is composed by tv-series actors who completely lack of any credibility and dramatic weight,but who are perfect for showing their bodies.chris carmack (the o.c.),david anders (heroes and alias),laura vandervoort (smallville),marsha tomason (lost) and audrina patridge (the hills) bring hollow and boring performances.i have liked some previous movies from director stephen herek (critters and bill and ted's excellent adventure specially) but on this movie,he cannot generate even the minimum level of tension,emotion or entertainment.the characters from this movie are not only badly performed,but they are also repulsive.honestly,i wanted all of them to die.the cinematography from this movie is also lame and it seems to have been made by a technical team who makes promotional videos for hawaiian hotels.into the blue 2 : the reef is a horrible movie which is better than the original film,but that's the same as nothing,as i previously said.avoid this crappy film at all costs.

brainless film about a good looking but brainless couple who decide to live their dream and take people on diving tours. the pair almost instantly make the wrong choice of customers and get mixed up with some people seeking to recover the items that we see falling to the ocean floor during the opening credits sequence. great looking direct to video movie could have been so much better if it wasn't so interested in primarily looking good. performances are serviceable and the plot is actually not bad, or would have been had the director and producers not redirected the plot into making sure we see lots of shapely people in bathing suits (or in what i'm guessing the reason for the "unrated" moniker a few fleeting bare breasts). the film never generates any tension nor rises above the level of a forgettable tv movie. if you get roped in to seeing this you won't pluck your eyes out since the eye candy is pleasant but we really need to stop producers from making films that are excuses to have a paid vacation.

my first review of 2010 is "into the blue 2: the reef". the story is about two divers played by chris carmack and laura vandervoort who love to explore hidden treasures at a bottom of a local reef. one day after a day of exploring they are approached by a couple played by david anders and marsha thomason. they tell the young divers that they want to hire them to explore the reef and find a rare artifact about columbus' hidden treasure that is reported at the bottom of the reef.next day the four dive to the bottom of the reef and of coarse after a whole day of diving they find nothing. a few more days past and the two hired divers found out that they a part of a major deadly plot in which they can't escape otherwise they will be killed. they were hired to find two big containers. one contains a nuclear reactor and the other contains a core.the movie also has a back story about another person (brother of the lead character) trying to patch things up with his girlfriend, i reckon this part of the story was a waste of time, this also includes a very steamy sex scene between the couple which to me is a complete waste and wasn't needed to be shown.however apart from that, this movie does have some good underwater photography and the colors blend in well which is why it receives 4 stars. into the blue 2 is a sequel only by name. none of the original actors or characters return, it has a dumb plot, stupid characters and a boring climax.

miscasting happens. susannah yorke is a luminous young jane eyre, and her performance is impeccable. however, edward rochester is supposed to be 35. white-haired george c. scott looks and behaves like an arthritic 80. jane's deceased uncle is in better shape! he creaks and snarls, obnoxious and grim. he looks like an ax-murderer who has sent his ax out to be sharpened; we're not surprised he keeps a wife caged in the attic! the great love story looks like a sado-masochistic nightmare. there is enough darkness in the novel, but bronte's rochester is relatively young, athletic, powerful, and charming when he chooses to be. he has a fine speaking and singing voice, a good mind, and a conscience that he unsuccessfully attempts to stifle.

this was in short a terrible disappointment. by far the worst adaptation of one of my favourite novels. the dialogue was horribly clumsy; i could sense no feeling behind the words expressed by the characters. the lines were delivered too hastily and felt rather out of place. they could just as well have been cited by statues. the chemistry between george c. scott and susannah york was non-existent and watching an american rochester felt strange. he could have at least tried to do a british accent. i like george c. scott as an actor, but this simply did not work. i felt like i was watching highlights from jane eyre, where the main pieces of the story had been randomly put together with no regard to the flow of the story. the scenery and music were all very nice, but i could feel none of the passion and love that is supposed to be between jane and rochester and the movie left me totally unmoved.if you want to see a good version of jane eyre i suggest you watch the 1983 bbc version with timothy dalton and zelah clarke or the 1997 version with ciarán hinds and samantha morton. now these two are brilliant adaptations.

this is by far the worst adaptation of jane eyre i have seen. it is uncertain whether or not the writer of the screenplay ever read the book by bronte. george c scott is ridiculous and bumbling as rochester -- when not just plain old acting angry. susannah york has the most dated 1970's hairstyle i have ever seen in a victorian movie. the characters hardly speak to each other, so the rich banter enjoyed in the book that is the basis for their deep intellectual and abiding love, is gone. the ending is ludicrous.please, rent the timothy dalton version instead. it is so true to the book, it's like having the novel read aloud to you. dalton is superb as rochester. g. c. scott is laughable.

i'm not sure what dragged me into the cinema to watch this movie, but few minutes after it started, i wanted to leave the theater. for a while i hoped at least the story will surprise me, but then realized it's a waste of time, there was just nothing there. i stayed only because i had another show after it.design: some designs where quite beautiful, mostly of the environment, but the characters were terrible both in terms of animation and design. they look great while still - on posters and screenshots, but not when they have to come to life! they just didn't work, mostly because the very same mistake most 3d companies make: technically it is very hard to create really natural materials in 3d, that would make you feel that the character is alive. you need a lot of effort and knowledge (hence money) to create something that really feels like hair, skin, fabric, etc. those characters in the movie were made out of "cloth", and that just didn't work! so they had this ugly cold feeling of the computer artificiality, where the cloth stretches or squeezes like a piece of plastic. it just didn't have the feel of a material, that dolls are made of (that's what those characters meant to be). i think it was a big mistake choosing this style for the characters. it just had a feeling of a 3d shoot'n'run computer game. i don't want to go to cinema to have a computer game on my screen, don't know about you...animation was also a disgrace. i am a professional animator and was terribly disappointed at the low level of animation in "9". it was stiff, boring, almost lacked any imagination or mood. it was just a little bit above most average 3d animations i saw, and that doesn't add to it any good...and all that - the bad character design and bad animation could be solved with a good story, right?! that was not the case here. actually the story was the worst thing in that movie. it was below any level. it starts straight forward, it goes straight forward and it ends the same. there is no twist, no surprise, no good dialogs, even no development. we've heard and saw stories of machines overtaking the humankind thousands of times and "9" is just one of them, and we know how it ends at the very first minute of that movie. the characters don't even have time to get into the story - they are just there, showing themselves almost immediately, and immediately some of them take action without even getting to know what's going on. it just didn't work. there are also many repetitive action sequences, that looked as if they were made to fill in the time for the lack of a story...acting, sound and script - oh my gosh, what can i tell, it was pathetic. bad story has a bad script, and except dialogs like "no, don't do it!" "i will do it!" "but... you cannot do it alone!" "we can do it together!" "but there are rules!" "but we have to save him!" etc etc and so on, and repeating itself all the time, so besides those terribly pathetic dialogs, there were those non stop "ahh" and "ohhh" and"ehh", and "oooh", and "whatchout", and "run!" and "ohohh!" that were following almost every jump, run, or fall of the characters and it even sounded as if they were out of sync or even unrehearsed.conclusion: bad acting, bad animation, bad sound, bad story, bad script, bad characters, everything expected, no surprises, no twist, nothing. only some good designs are not worth the time. big no!

it used to be my thinking that movies required plots, or some other means of making you care at all about the story line or anything that is going on. this movie has showed me that you don't actually have to have anything like that.i could sum it up simply as that. but, imdb wants me to have more lines. it was kind of pretty. not compelling in the slightest. the way the characters talk in the movie makes you think it should have taken place over a matter of days, but there is no passage of time and i'm pretty sure it all happens in an hour.if you are looking to entertain yourself, then buy a gallon of milk and see how fast you can drink it before throwing up. it would be a far better use of your time. time that you will never get back. jurassic park 3 was pulled off better than this movie.

this movie made it into one of my top 10 most awful movies. horrible. there wasn't a continuous minute where there wasn't a fight with one monster or another. there was no chance for any character development, they were too busy running from one sword fight to another. i had no emotional attachment (except to the big bad machine that wanted to destroy them) scenes were blatantly stolen from other movies, lotr, star wars and matrix. examples>the ghost scene at the end was stolen from the final scene of the old star wars with yoda, obee one and vader. >the spider machine in the beginning was exactly like frodo being attacked by the spider in return of the kings. (elijah wood is the victim in both films) and wait......it hypnotizes (stings) its victim and wraps them up.....uh hello????>and the whole machine vs. humans theme was the matrix..or terminator.....there are more examples but why waste the time? and will someone tell me what was with the nazi's?!?! nazi's???? there was a juvenile story line rushed to a juvenile conclusion. the movie could not decide if it was a children's movie or an adult movie and wasn't much of either. just awful. a real disappointment to say the least. save your money.

what?!?? why are people saying this is "mind blowing?" just face it the ending is on of the worst endings in the history of cinematography! 4 left and the whole world has ended! not to mention the character 9 was a idiot the whole time he got everyone killed. 1 was right the whole time, if he sacrificed 9 then non of this would have happened. people giving there lives for a stupid cause and for what?... to make it rain? i admit the movie had it's parts, and the whole concept was fascinating. but a lot of it was clichés one after another. and did anybody else get this feeling that this is a lot like "lord of the rings?" characters died for stupid reasons, there was almost no character development, and honestly ask yourself is it good to have only four guys left in the world; its pointless and stupid. it was one of the shortest movies i've ever seen, and thank god! how is robots turning against humans creative in any way! it's been done like a hundred times! this movie is really stupid, go see a movie that's worth watching like star trek, the hangover, or inglorious basterds, those were good movies!

this really was a waste of time...the movie has a weak plot, the story is fragmented and ends very abruptly with many loopholes....though the animation is top notch. once the movie started, i tried to give it the benefit of the doubt by telling myself that it might get interesting in the later stage, but it was never unique. this same plot has been played over and over again, but what made it worse was that the major plot hole was the whole story on how to kill the baddies...the writer could have done so much more with the entire concept, but seemed that he or she did not have their heart in it and wanted to close the movie as soon as it started.overall, too much hype but not able to deliver.

9, the film i've been looking forward to for months.... was little more then a disappointment.i was deeply surprised by 9's lack of story and strange character development. all the awesome action sequences in the world don't make up for a single unsympathetic character. the strange, almost thrown in occult sequences were not only out of place, they were infuriating. the story is about robots and scientists... why does it suddenly turn into a necronomicon horror wannabe with mystical symbols and green magic ghost lines instead of giving answers to what could have been excellently scary story devices??how, what, when, why.... questions that bode asking only if you care and it becomes less and less likely that you will as you get away from the theater. a film like this is frustrating because of its lack of depth.... i would watch this film drawn in crayon if the story was good. but the filmmakers have relied on cgi wizardry and tim burtons name to draw in the crowd. which... is what drew me in but failed to gain my respect.9 could have been awesome... with a few more rewrites and a little more respect from its own creators.

i seriously can't believe tim burton and timur bekmambetov, two people i love, signed on to produce this crap. tim burton is a brilliant director, but to be honest i've been losing interest in him for a while since his last few movies were either remakes or adaptations. he did produce the brilliant "nightmare before christmas", which is one i've watched multiple times, and directed movies like "beetlejuice" and "sleepy hollow", which are awesome films. bekmambetov directed 3 films that i love: night watch, day watch, and wanted. i've only seen those three of his, but they prove he's an awesome director.those two people producing one of the many reasons i was excited to see 9. so today i went to go see it at the theatre. i was so excited to finally have seen it. i had waited 7 months for the movie to come out.this movie is the first time i've walked out of a tim burton-related movie and said "i enjoyed almost none of that". i felt heartbroken to even have felt that way. i mean, with him and bekmambetov at the production helm you'd have expected this movie to be a good watch. right now i still can't get over how let down i was by this movie. i hadn't even heard of the original short film before seeing it but now, i can successfully say that this movie should have remained a short movie. hell, neil blomkamp made an awesome full length remake of alive in joburg entitled district 9, what was so hard to get right about 9??? i really wanted to think this movie was awesome. i really did. but no, it failed on so many levels.the plot was extremely confusing and disjointed. i had no idea what was going on, let alone what it was about. basically it's about a bunch of rag doll robots trying to save the earth. well, ok, that's what i got from it. but the writing here is extremely poor. the whole film jumps around like a 6 year old with a.d.d. telling a story. there's this big, giant clanky monster robot that 9 awakens, causing destruction and stuff. that's the main villain. however, what else is wrong with this movie is that everything comes out of nowhere. there were too many monster robots, most of which have no logical explanation behind them. they have 0 development whatsoever. i mean, that flying pterodactyl like monster just rips out of nowhere, we have no idea where it comes out of and acker just expects us to know what it is. what was even more retarded was that snake-like creature with the strobing eyes that hypnotize. i dare you to give that description to someone else out loud and expect them not to laugh. all of the 3 people i told about it burst out laughing. oh and it wraps victims up and sews them inside it. i'm. not. kidding.the twist in act iii is the most retarded aspect of the whole movie. so basically 9 goes back to the room he woke up in, finds this box with a hologram from the scientist in it for 9, and he tells him that the big scary machine robot was designed to bring robot life to earth, but then evil humans use it for war, and it was supposed to help protect the earth, but then the scientist gave his life to 9 so that it could help protect the world with it. and he only mentions giving his life to 9. but what about the other robots? who gave their lives to them???????? this is the perfect example of poor, rushed writing. there's only one of the life taking device thingy that exists so how did the other 8 get life given to them??????? the characters are not likable at all either. they risk their lives for no reason at all. the only good character is 7. 6 annoyed me with his "go back to the source!!!!!!" ramblings, 1 is an overpowering idiot, 2 we don't know anything about, 5 kept annoying me with his "are you sure..." or "can i stay here instead...?" questions. and that ending? ugh. i'm glad i'm not the only one who thinks that the ending was a huge wtf moment.there's nothing redeeming about this turd except for its beautiful animation. everything looks realistic and beautiful, i love the gloomy and depressing look of everything. however, beauty can't save a good movie.while it's true that this movie is very pretty looking, pretty is as pretty does, and 9 does squat. i'm sure burton fans will be flocking to the theatre to see this movie without a doubt, in fact with his and bekmambetov's names being thrown around the promos, people will be flocking to the theatre to see this movie. i know i may be making a big deal out of nothing, but watching this movie made me realize how much i hate movies with unlikeable characters, nonexistent plot and just pure style over content. and this movie is one of those movies.

my thoughts on the movie, 9it was not good, not good at all. visually, it was great. i was pleased with the pacing, the camera angles, etc. however, the characters? eh, kinda bland. plot? it sucked.this movie seemed more new age crap than anything else. organized religion is presented as cowardly and fearful. science isn't portrayed any better. it creates a monster weapon that kills everything... but "souls" have the power to destroy monsters and bring life? really?that's something that bites my ass a bit too. here we have a cgi movie... created with science... and they're using it to give us the message that science will destroy the world while promoting the idea that spirituality will save us? at least they had the decency to have one of the characters ask,"okay, so now what?" (or something similar). i couldn't hear it too well because of the crowd immediately getting up and making a break for the exit. it was a "okay... it was just barely entertaining enough to sit here for the entire movie but now let's get out of here as fast as possible!" type of exit.this is one of those movies where you can't think if you want to enjoy it. just look at the visuals and nod your head prettily. any thought as to, "what's the point of that?" will suck you out of disbelief and make you eye the exit sign with longing.okay... spoilers follow.so, basically, a scientist creates "the machine" that is capable of creating other, intelligent, robotic life. evil humans use it as a weapon. however, the scientist realizes that he is also at fault. he gave the machine his intellect, but didn't give it his heart. the machine goes skynet on humanity's collective ass and wipes out all life on earth, finally slowly powering down. however, the scientist manages to survive and create walking sock-puppets. each one, containing a piece of the scientist's soul.the last one, #9 wakes up not knowing anything about the world. he sees a strange device nearby and picks it up. he meets up with another like himself, #2. well, #2 gets captured by a last surviving robot of the machine. #9 finds more like himself ands sets off to rescue #2. they succeed.#9 notices that there is a matching hole that fits the device perfectly. he inserts it and the machine comes back to life... pulling out #2's soul in the process.the movie then continues with action scenes with #9 trying to rescue his soul-yanked compatriots. they eventually succeed and destroy the machine. they release the souls of their fallen friends, who go up into the clouds. it then rains and we see life returning back to the planet.hunh?!?that makes no sense. none at all. why the heck did the scientist want to split his soul into 9 homunculi? what did it accomplish? were they created to stop the machine? everything is dead! the machine was dead! why bother?!?why did he expect nine little critters to succeed when nothing else had? why not create a second intellectual machine, but with a "soul" to fight the first.. at least that would have seemed like it would have had a reasonable chance at success.why did they have to have their souls sucked into the device by the machine and then destroy the machine and then release the souls in order to bring life back to earth? why not just wait for the machine to power down and bring life back without all the rest of the insane steps?

when the magic of lassie opened at radio city music hall, i was foolish enough to believe it would be as heart-warming as some of the first lassie films were. not.the story was abysmal, the songs by the sherman brothers were way below their usual level, the characters were uninspired and james stewart and mickey rooney had both seen much better days.then too, i was interested in seeing what alice faye's contribution would be like, since she'd been absent from the screen for so many years and was always so fetching in her earlier roles at fox. alice too, was letdown by the foolish script and the unflattering photography. another disappointment.nothing original here, nothing even remotely interesting for an adult to enjoy--and clearly, no magic present for anyone. you can skip this one without missing a thing.

this movie was a real disappointment to me. i have been a fan of gram parsons for a long time, and when i found out they were making a film about him i was very exited, i got the movie on vhs when it came out, and was sickened by what i saw, this film wasn't about his life, it was about the aftermath of his death. i thought it would be a descent film about grams life and music, but they had to make a film about his death. i am tired of hearing about his deaths in books and movies, i wanted a film about his life, not his infamous death. i was very disappointed. i wish people would look at his life, more then his death. the only thing good about this film was its soundtrack. this film is a disappointment to any gram parsons fan.

first of all, this movie isn't a complete disaster. if you had never heard of the real story of gram parsons then it might seem a reasonably entertaining diversion. johnny knoxville can't really be criticised for his performance as phil kaufman - he's pretty good at looking laid-back and down to earth and you can sort of root for his long-suffering everyman. michael shannon is due credit for pretty much the same reasons, except he's a hippy stoner. there are some good individual comedic scenes - the hippy-hearse crashing into the airport hanger door stands out. but that's where the good things end, and we begin to see the aspects that make this movie so truly disappointing. the character of robert forster as gram's actual father is an invention so disgraceful as to cast a taint over the entire film. we all know his real father committed suicide when he was young - something that could surely be compared to gram's life on the edge by a better film-maker. having forster as his supposed real father, and not his step-father would be bad enough, if not for the well known difficulties gram had with the man who actually flew to collect his body. it has been suggested that his step father had admitted to providing gram's mother with alcohol as she lay dying and that this enraged gram when he later found out about it. also the controversy over where gram's body was buried would surely be reason enough not to invent a benevolent made-up father who actually catches up to the duo and their hearse, but then allows them to go ahead with the burning. whatever the truth about the man who gram got the name parsons from, he certainly bore no resemblance to forster's character here, and it is hard to see why this role was written. then there's the addition of christina applegate as a greedy chick (yet very pretty of course) who wants gram's body back so that she can begin to cash in on his estate. her character, and her acting are non-existent and one wonders why the director didn't just go the whole hog and include a lesbo scene between her and the chick who plays kaufman's girlfriend(it wouldn't have lowered the tone a whole lot more). when you think of the ingredients that could have been used in a good movie about parsons, the shortcomings of this film are easily apparent. country music being changed by a young, polite, southern gentleman - who was also long haired, drug loving, popular with the ladies and ultimately self destructive. real events like the hanger door crash and the painted hearse and friends like keith richards. instead of these things we have to concentrate wholly on kaufman's input into gram's life. kaufman is obviously still lapping up the cult status he received for what he did (he certainly is a little cult). from interviews it is obvious that he's delighted with the attention. remember this is the man who made a remark about the genitalia of the naked corpse of gram parsons as he was preparing to set it alight. what he did was not an act of great loyalty, but a doped up alcoholic escapade. looking at knoxville and the director in interviews, a few things become clear also. it's obvious that they have no real grasp of the story of gram's life, nor do they wish to have. they want a hit movie about an event that is infamous and crazy. it was an amazing life with a strange end. that the end is the only thing covered by this movie shows how limited an understanding of gram parsons the makers had.

i'm not sure if users ought to be allowed to review films after only sitting through half, but i'm afraid i just couldn't stand another minute.if this abject excuse for a film doesn't have the late, great gp spinning like a wheel in his grave, then i doubt anything will.the excellent review above 'not a film for parsons fans' sums up most of my feelings. how dare a (second rate) director and writer attempt something to which they're so clearly incapable of delivering. what were they thinking? where to start?the script: i thought i'd be getting a slice of bittersweet americana. what i got was poorly executed slapstick with no cliché left unturned. stupid hippy? check. stupid fat cop? check. awful plot contrivances? check. embarrassingly written female characters? double check. total disregard for the story which you're trying to portray? check.after a while, you realize that what you're watching is a soap and not a very well written one at that. scene with knoxville. scene with ex girlfriend. scene with knoxville which hasn't moved on much. scene with ex girlfriend which was a bit like the last one. and so on...the direction: my friends and i decided, after some consideration, that watching this was like watching a bad episode of quincy, or maybe a particularly poor dukes of hazzard. that's how bad the direction was. terrible jump cuts, awful camera work, clunky ins and outs to scenes. god, it was cringeworthy. and then i discovered the director was an irishman who's most noteworthy recent work is a really lousy bbc sunday night drama called monarch of the glen (trust me, it's lowest common denominator tv). and then it all made sense...the acting: are we now so critical that when some random guy from the tv decides to give acting a go, if he's not so bad, he stinks, we applaud his efforts? knoxville just about manages to get through every scene. poor christina a. has no such luck. her performance is a car crash (though what you do with those lines, i don't know). the 'hippy' in the hearse: oh dear, oh dear, oh dear. have we not moved on since cheech and chong?i could go on, but i think you get my drift. what i would say is that, as other reviews have mentioned, no one on this film clearly gives a flying damn for the byrds, the flying burrito brothers or gram's solo work. they knew nothing about the american road movie and they certainly give a damn about trying to do anything with an admittedly decent story from rock mythology. this film was shallow, failed to explore anything and was jaw droppingly unfunny from beginning to...oh wait, i didn't quite make the end. and i suggest you stay away too.

if you're a fan of the late gram parsons then this movie is definitely going to divide you! part comedy, part road movie, but mostly a bad fictionalization of one of rock history's oddest tales.spoilers-- basically the story concerns a well-known roadie named phil kaufman (played by johnny knoxville) who "supposedly" made a pact with cult rock/country/folk music hero gram parsons that stated when one of them died first (it didn't matter which one it was) that the other living one was to take the deceased out to the desert, joshua tree national park in california to be exact, and set the body ablaze...so as to free the spirit and become one with the earth, and so on! sure to keep his word the barely sober kaufman, with the assistance of a self-hating, pot-headed buddy, jacks the body of the late parsons -whom had fatally overdosed from a drug and booze bender a day prior- from the airport. and shortly after that what ensues is a cringe-worthy combination of fiction and truth where the late parsons girlfriend, kaufman's girlfriend, parsons stone-faced father, and a gaggle of police officers and other pointless idiotic characters all try to beat the clock (so to speak) in trying to catch kaufman and his pal before they get the chance to torch parsons body! the film's incompetent direction, bad acting, and lame offbeat tone in general all sink this movie faster than the titanic. and not to mention the huge fact that this movie is not even halfway telling the truth of the actual events that took place. the accuracies that should have replaced the inaccuracies, as far as i've heard them, include: number 1., parsons was married at the time of his death and even had a child, so what the hell was that all about with the girlfriend's and the chasing and whatnot?, number 2., kaufman's drugged-out buddy was a known willing participant (unlike what the movie attempts to portray) in the disposing of parson's body, and finally number 3., gram parsons real-life father died when he was just a boy, and so it was parson's step-father (who could have honestly cared less about gram parsons when he was still alive) in real-life that took care of the body after it was torched! altogether though, what probably disturbs me the most about this movie is that the real phil kaufman was actually on set to help assist with the facts of the story. and yet still, the movie ended up becoming so untrue and so bad that it really boggles my mind, frankly! also as the mediocre aforementioned acting in the film is concerned it's lead character, played by the ultra-grating johnny knoxville (phil kaufman), is not only a bad actor but it actually seems as if he were asleep throughout most of the movie, and the rest of the pathetic cast are for the most part either hysterical, brain-dead, or seem utterly clueless as to what they're actually doing there in the first place! overall, if you like johnny knoxville and or really dig the so-bad-they're-not-even-good buddy flicks then i suppose you just might get a kick out of this movie! but, if you're like me and are a fan of the late gram parsons, enjoy films that attempt to tell the truth as much as they can especially if they're based on an actual real-life story, and or you just like good films, be-them road movies, or fictional slice-of-life stuff, you will truly loathe this film and advise others to do likewise. i obviously hated this movie and wished it had never been made in the first place, but since it was made i would have preferred it to have turned out differently than what it did, unfortunately! maybe some day the real facts of the story will come through and be made into a really great biopic on all of gram parsons life...not just what happened to his body after his spirit left it. but, until that time comes all we as an audience, and or fans of the late performer get is this sad waste of film and an all-around terrible memorial (of sorts) to the musical legacy that gram parsons was known to have left behind. it should also be noted that they did actually use parsons music, and a few others as well in the flick, but not surprisingly though, you never get to hear enough of it to really enjoy it even in the slightest bit. (turkey-zero stars)

from the q & a before and after, this is what i could gather: some irish guy wants to make a movie. nothing in particular, just any movie. so, one night at a party, he hears some ex-roadie tell him a classic bit of rock n' roll lore; the one about how gram parsons' corpse was stolen from lax by his loyal roadie so he could honor parsons' wishes that he be cremated out in joshuatree. wow!what a great idea for a movie! rock n' roll (well, country), grave robbing, escapes, friendship, the 70's! i guess we could get johnny knoxville from "jackass", cause it's kind of a prank, right, and knoxville wants to do "a movie" too. why he must have thought he had the next "snatch" on his hand!but this story's not really that exciting...we need something for knoxville to struggle against.like a psychotic girlfirend after his money! but parsons' was married at the time. that's o.k., no one knows that. besides we could get christina applegate. but what if the audience doesn't like the idea of stealing a corpse.well, we'll get his dad to join the chase, but give permission in the end. but parsons' dad killed himself when he was 10, in fact his orphan status, and tragic childhood, are key parts of the parsons mythology. mythology? we're making "a movie!" this is creative problem solving.it's an uncomfortable experience for anybody even vaguely knowledgeable on or interested in the subject. applegate's presence is doubling jarring. first her invented character is a beverly hills bitch before her time -she might as well have walked around the whole movie a cell phone in her hand, and secondly, what kind of man would parsons be if he ever associated himself with that kind of harpy? facts aren't just distorted or left out, but reversed. they could have easily found the villain they wanted in parsons stepfather, who was attempting to whisk the body back to his home state where law would favor him in dividing up the considerable inheritance.and the music, oh, the music i love. the music is hacked up (the bridge of a song here, the chorus there), forced to the background, and in the end, horribly covered by the hippest new indie band, starsailor. my girlfriend asked the unnecessary, but irresistable question after the movie --was anyone up there, the writer, the producers, the director, actually a gram parson's fan? well, no. he'd never actually heard of gram parsons, but of course, blah blah blah, i learned to love it, and here's some factoids i read in a bio online. another guy vouched for parsons' coolness by saying he and keith richards tripped on acid together and wrote "wild horses" together, a mixed up bunch of facts as off-base as the movie. another person asked, wasn't it morally questionable to rewrite history when most people would only know about it from this film? well, he had the real roadie's permission (he was even set) and the parsons estate gave permission, and all these other people who got paychecks said it was great.but what i really wondered was, and asked in the embarassingly trembling voice of a truly impassioned parsons geek, was, if the movie's so cheaply made (a million), had they not considered the original gram parsons fanbase as an audience? the director and writer seemed to think he was a nothing figure with no fanbase, though i doubt any mojo magazine reading, country-rock 70's music fan would agree. but a bunch of brits made it i guess, and they just didn't care about cosmic american music, or even knew it existed. this isn't just not a truthful parsons flick, it's not even in the right spirit -it doesn't even fit the legend. at the very least it should have had the sentimentality of one of his songs. and plenty of people would love to be told.i should mention the movie was received well from the bunch of stoned college kids, just off the slopes, and into johnny knoxville. but if you're a parsons fan ignore the title, it's just a movie for jackass fans.

i doubt this will ever even be a cult film. i loved gram parsons to be sure and i did not expect much out of this film and got even less. what could have been clever and moving was campy. it was devoid of the music that made gram and had more filler than cheap dog food. there was no background on gram or the colorful people of that era. the characters shown were not familiar to me even as a fan of gram's and all the versions of his "afterlife adventures" i have heard. rock and roll is full of tales, good ones too but they should taken with a grain of salt. they can be great stories even though exaggerated. however, this movie took a good story and turned into tripe. stealing any dead body and the ensuing implications should never be a dull tale but they made it dull, somehow. i am tempted to steal every copy of grand theft parsons, head out to the desert and burn them all.

i cringed all the way through this movie. first of all, the idiotic plot has little to do with parson's own story. hollywood has attempted to create a kind of comedy car chase movie. imagine "englebert sings hendrix".do not take anything about this movie to be accurate. the name parsons in the title and stealing of his body is just used as springboard for a low budget chase movie, a blatant attempt to grab a few bucks from the parsons legacy and his fan base. gram's father had long since been dead in 1973, the other global characters are fictional, none of this has anything to do with grams life or death.if you are a gram fan, i advise you to not see this movie. i wish i hadn't. it's saddening to see something special be treated as such disgracing fodder. i'd swear i could hear gram turning in his grave while the movie was playing. if you are not familiar with gram's life and legacy, do not take anything in this movie as being representative of gram.i cannot say enough bad things about this movie. if gram were alive and saw this movie, he would kill himself. then again, maybe he'd be afraid to if he knew this movie were to result.

good performances can't save this terrible script, larded with every cliche in the chick-flick book. both main characters are deeply unsympathetic, and the scene where laura linney's character reminisces about sex with her dead husband in front of her teenage son -- which i think is supposed to be poignant -- is just horrifying.

this movie is incomprehendably bad. it begins with several random explosions and then cuts to a sock puppet of a t-rex that talks (!) to the audience. it goes back and forth between sock puppetry and animation throughout, probably because the film makers couldn't afford live actors. i'll spare you the long, tiresome, relentless plot that drags this pitiful film on for a brutal 85 minutes.one of my friends found this very rare video at a hobby shop somewhere that sells out of print b-movies, and he bought it for the sole purpose of making fun of it, but, as it turns out, our intervention was not neecessary. this film makes fun of itself better than we could.i thought that ed wood's "plan 9 from outer space" was the cheesiest movie in existence, but leave it to japanamation/lego cars/sock puppets to outdo him. if you see this movie anywhere, buy it without hesitation. it is very rare and worth many, many good laughs.

first of all, let's get a few things straight here: a) i am an anime fan- always has been as a matter of fact (i used to watch speed racer all the time in preschool). b) i do like several b-movies because they're hilarious. c) i like the godzilla movies- a lot.moving on, when the movie first comes on, it seems like it's going to be your usual b-movie, down to the crappy fx, but all a sudden- boom! the anime comes on! this is when the movie goes wwwaaaaayyyyy downhill.the animation is very bad & cheap, even worse than what i remember from speed racer, for crissakes! in fact, it's so cheap, one of the few scenes from the movie i "vividly" remember is when a bunch of kids run out of a school... & it's the same kids over & over again! the fx are terrible, too; the dinosaurs look worse than godzilla. in addition, the transition to live action to animation is unorganized, the dialogue & voices(especially the english dub that i viewed) was horrid & i was begging my dad to take the tape out of the dvd/ vhs player; the only thing that kept me surviving was cracking out jokes & comments like the robots & joel/mike on mst3k (you pick the season). honestly, this is the only way to barely enjoy this movie & survive it at the same time.heck, i'm planning to show this to another fellow otaku pal of mine on halloween for a b-movie night. because it's stupid, pretty painful to watch & unintentionally hilarious at the same time, i'm giving this movie a 3/10, an improvement from the 0.5/10 i was originally going to give it.(according to my grading scale: 3/10 means pretty much both boring & bad. as fun as counting to three unless you find a way to make fun of it, then it will become as fun as counting to 15.)

i was kinda interested in this movie as a trashy cannibal flick. i was thoroughly disappointed. it was the same kind of disappointment i felt watching 'friday the 13th: jason takes manhattan'. so much potential wasted!the opening scene is a decent attention grabber. then it grinds to a halt. copious breasts and egregious 80s fashion cannot help this movie. the only things eating near this island of cannibal monks are the piranha! i'm not asking for 'cannibal holocaust' level of gore, but i was looking for cheap over-the-top exploitative gore. i got none of that.i found a couple parts of the fight scenes somewhat intriguing, hence the 2 stars. i don't think its really worth the time it takes to watch it, though. i could see showing it at a party where nobody cares about what is going on and you just want something on in the background. but i would not tell anyone, "oh, dude, you gotta see this movie." it is neither good enough nor bad enough to warrant much attention.

all the ingredients of low-brow b-movie cult cinema. topless (and bottomless) girls, kung-fu kicking chefs, slave traders, evil germans with mustaches, cameron mitchell and sword-wielding zombies.and, of course the breasts of camille keaton, who's best known display occurs in the feminist exploitation classic i spit on your grave. we also must mention the hooters of jewel shepard, who play a hooker in the recent film the cooler.lots of blood and action with knives and swords and martial arts among topless dancers in a bar, in a whorehouse, and on a boat load of martial artists heading to some zombie island where bad martial artists go to die or something like that.tops and bottoms come off easily and frequently as travelers are well lubricated thanks to the boat owner.then disaster strikes as their boat is destroyed and they land on the zombie island where mas monks sacrifice young girls to the dead martial artists to bring them back to life.just when you thought it had everything, there are piranhas in the water. yum yum a big fat german for dinner.just the thing for your next zombie fest.

"raw force" is like an ultra-sleazy and perverted version of love boat, with additional kung fu fights, demented cannibalistic monks, white slaves trade, energetic zombies and a whole lot of lousy acting performances. no wonder this movie was included in the recently released "grindhouse experience 20 movie box-set". it's got everything exploitation fanatics are looking for, blend in a totally incoherent and seemingly improvised script! the production values are extremely poor and the technical aspects are pathetic, but the amounts of gratuitous violence & sex can hardly be described. the film opens at a tropically sunny location called warriors island, where a troop of sneering monks raise the dead for no apparent reason other than to turn them into kung fu fighters. the monks also buy sexy slaves from a sleazy hitler look-alike businessman, supposedly because the women's flesh supplies them with the required powers to increase their zombie army. tourists on a passing cruise ship, among them three martial arts fighters, a female la cop and a whole bunch of ravishing but dim-witted ladies, are attacked by the hitler guy's goons because they were planning an excursion to warriors island. their lifeboat washes ashore the island anyway, and the monks challenge the survivors to a fighting test with their zombies. okay, how does that sound for a crazy midnight horror movie mess? it's not over yet, because "raw force" also has piranhas, wild boat orgies, cameron mitchell in yet another embarrassing lead role and 70's exploitation duchess camille keaton ("i spit on your grave") in an utterly insignificant cameo appearance. there's loads of badly realized gore, including axe massacres and decapitations, hammy jokes and bad taste romance. the trash-value of this movie will literally leave you speechless. the evil monks' background remains, naturally, unexplained and they don't even become punished for their questionable hobbies. maybe that's why the movie stops with "to be continued", instead of with "the end". the sequel never came, unless it's so obscure imdb doesn't even list it.

outrageously trashy karate/horror thriller with loads of graphically gory violence and gratuitous nudity, and a thoroughly preposterous and bizarre "plot". this is lowbrow and low-grade entertainment that will appeal only to viewers with particularly kinky tastes, but it's kind of cheerfully bad and i must admit that i wasn't actually bored while watching it.... (*1/2)

not even goebbels could have pulled off a propaganda stunt like what gore has done with this complete piece of fiction. this is a study in how numbers and statistics can be spun to say whatever you have predetermined them to say. the "scientists" gore says have signed onto the validity of global warming include social workers, psychologists and psychiatrists. would you say a meteorologist is an expert in neuro-surgery? the field research and data analysis geologists are involved in do not support gores alarmist claims of global warming. as one of those geologists working in the field for the last 40 years i have not seen any evidence to support global warming. my analysis of this movie and gores actions over the last couple years brings me to the conclusion that global warming is his way of staying important and relevant. no more, no less. ask any global warming alarmist or "journalist" one simple question- you say global warming is a major problem. tell me. what temperature is the earth supposed to be?

well done al gore! you have become the first person to have made 1 billion dollars of the global warming lie! just like all the other man made fable's in the world this one is up there with the best lies to have sucked in so many people. sure polution is not a good thing, and i would love for all the tree's to keep on growing, but global warming is a business! it employes thousands of people that are all very mislead.google it! there are just to many things that just don't add up, but well done al, you failed as a politician, but went on to make lots of money sucking in the world.whats next? santa is real?

this movie was the most out of line and liberally fed movie i have ever seen in my life. (besides farenheit 9/11). all of the information was only supported on the opinion of five scientists while 80% of the asssociated press highly criticize the science promoted be gore. global warming is a mass media hysteria and nothing more. most of the information in the movie was either misquoted or it was wrong all together. this movie has been investigated over and over again and has been shown evidence against that prove its lies were nothing but lies.liberal blindness! an to think that they show this in school proves that the media has brainwashed us into believing this garbage!

suffice to say that - despite the odd ludicrous panegyric to his soi disant "abilities" posted here - the director of this inept, odious tosh hasn't made a film since. well that is excellent news as far as i'm concerned.dead babies has all of the bile of its creator, but lacks the wit and technical proficiency that make martin amis the novelist readable.when will the british film industry wake up and realise that if it wants to regain the status it once had it should stop producing rubbish like this and make something real people will actually want to watch?avoid like the plague.

this film looked interesting; i'd read the book a number of years ago and it informed me that the feature followed the plot outline pretty tightly.started watching it and almost from the outset it failed to live up to expectations. in fact, i didn't bother watching the whole thing... utter drivel - bad performances, bad acting and instantly dislikeable characters - that was the point of the film, i guess.watching this film left a bad taste in the mouth and put me on a downer for the remainder of my weekend.do not bother with this feature.

i am a great fan of martin amis, on whose book this film is based. unfortunately the director has been unable to translate the book to the screen. the novel is thoroughly post modern and highly artificial in its wildly overblown characters and the disintegration of traditional plot line and character development. it is an hilarious examination of human greed, excess and emptiness by one of the most moral of contemporary british writers. the director of the film has completely missed the point of the novel. in his hands, the film screams along at breakneck speed, indulging in every known trick shot and 'odd' camera angle possible. it is like ken russel on acid, and suffers from that older director's self indulgence cranked up to a hundred. not even the (brief) glimpse of gorgeous actor christian solimeno's penis was enough to save this wretched film for me. abysmal!

first of all, if you'r a fan of the comic, well, you'll be very disappointed i'm sure ! low budget movie !!! largo is supposed to be serbian in the comic, now suddenly he becomes croatian, pfff! chicken producers, it gave some spice and guts to the comic ( by the way, in the film, his father speaks serbian and he speaks croatian... lol ). the striking n.y. winch building becomes a common average-small yacht in h.k. the good looking largo becomes some unshaved tzigan/turkish looking guy. freddy the cool 'scarface' pilot becomes some fat, out of shape, sad, average guy. simon, largo's good buddy, does not exist at all !? he gave some pepper ! largo doesn't throw knifes at all, but just some snake stares... the whole story is confused and looks like a pretentious tv-film. french directors and producers, if you don't have the money, the ability or the technology to adapt correctly the comic, please stick to some romance shooted in paris. very very bad film, good thing i just rented it, don't count on me to watch the sequel ( if there is any ! ).

i'm a big fan of the tv series largo winch. this movie was pain for me. i had to use fast forward not to fell to sleep. it was boring! how can somebody ruin this title so much? the story was the only good thing. actors were sh.t. they can't live the role. the main actor(tom ... ) is a null. watch the other roles of this actor. the fighting scenes were unbelievable boring and not to followable,somehow they were not to follow the situation. like other reviewer said low budget film with bad actors.maybe next time somebody else can do better thing out of this title. french can't do right thing with big films,like alien 4. that was bit brrr, after alien 1,2,3.

a hard to find film which coasts on the still pervasive mythology of senator joe mccarthy as a political demon king. boyle (as joe) gives a compelling but historically inaccurate portrayal of the wisconsin senator, the caricature mccarthy many take as the real one. meredith, as wily army lawyer joseph welch, who outsmarted mccarthy at the army hearings in 1954, is very good, as always.in fact, mccarthy and cohn were quite right in worrying about the appalling security situation in the army, and the 1954 army hearings became enmeshed in the smokescreen used by the army to deflect the investigation away from their security failings, which the committee were investigating, by counter-charging that mccarthy and cohn were trying to get favours for their staffer, david schine, whilst in the service.the film is self satisfied agenda driven polemic, based in the pervasive myths which have passed for the truth with many people for decades-that the "red scare" was essentially phony and mccarthy, huac etc were always blasting away at the wrong targets, being no more than lying, career ruining publicity hounds, who were trampling over the constitutional rights of startled innocent liberals, who were accused of being security risks/communists.people who know little about the matter still feel confident in repeating misinformation on mccarthy and the "red scare" to this day-clooney's murrow hagiography is an example. the misinformation is pervasive, no wonder people have swallowed it. a recent obit of budd schulberg in the serious left wing uk newspaper "the guardian" headlined that the hollywood writer "named names" "to mccarthy"- perpetuating the lie that mccarthy "investigated" hollywood as head of huac-the truth being that mccarthy was never even a member of huac and he had little interest in the politics of hollywood types-his investigations were confined almost exclusively to arms of the us government.the mythology about the "red scare" being baseless is now completely exploded by recently opened soviet and us government documents, if anything mccarthy and co underestimated the sheer scale of soviet and fellow traveller infiltration in the us, but decades of public misinformation about this period will be hard to correct.one day maybe some really brave hollywood soul will make a movie telling the truth about how many american men and women clandestinely aided the mass murderer stalin, and worked to impose his vicious system of government on the western world, giving an accurate account maybe of joe mccarthy's career-but i won't hold my breath. till then, we have this mythical, drunken lying scoundrel of popular imagination so familiar in the media...."tail gunner joe".

i'm always suprised on how different all people are and how for almost every movie you get both extremes. people who think it's the best movie and people who think it's the worst.stigmata wouldn't be the worst movie i've ever seen, but it's up there. first of all the sound. the producers spent more time on the soundtrack than the editing. it was so loud when the soundtrack was playing and no one was talking and then when patrica was talking in her monotone voice, she could hardly be heard.i usually like patrica and gaberial, but they were both flat in this movie. patrica had basically 3 emotions. quiet, in great pain, or really angry she has stigmata. the first was the predominate one, the second involved screaming pain, the third involving raising her voice. it was loudness that distiguished the three and not emotion.maybe i missed a lot of the deep meaning and subplots everyone was talking about, or maybe i was distracted by the terrible filming and mtv like style. when you watch a 3 minute video you need fast cuts and slow motion to convey a quick story, in a 2 hour feature film, it's nauseating. i fail to see the meaning of her seeing that women across the steet and dropping a child. and no pittsburg does not rain that often!!i think maybe a real story, with something to say could have been intended, but all the budget was spent on buying music and the equipment to do slow rain drop shots and renting that gorgous apartment that ms. arquett lived in that they ended up firing the guy with the story.

i find it hard to believe that anyone would put this movie in the same context as the exorcist. where the exorcist was subtle and creepy, stigmata was blunt, clumsy, and way too formulaic.this is one of the most visually beautiful films i've seen in a while, but the imagery does not make up for the downward spiral of patronizing exposition that makes it unbearable. my interest in this movie was peaked when it was compared to the exorcist, and my visit to the official web site increased that interest. the web site had many tales of "actual" stigmata throughout history. however, scene by scene, the movie is so obsessed by its quest for "genuineness" that it becomes comical at first, then outright hard to watch toward the end. i began getting suspicious when the priest charged with investigating potential miracles walks into the beauty parlor where our would-be heroine cuts hair and, evidently, flirts with priests.the plot: a woman without faith in god begins receiving the wounds of christ (the stigmata) and is baffled and upset about the ordeal. a priest is sent straight from the vatican to investigate the case. is frankie possessed by satan, or a vessel for jesus christ?the only miracle in this film is that it finally ends.

i am a kind person, so i gave this movie a 2 instead of a 1. it was without a doubt the worst movie that i've seen in a long time. there was very little plot and the deeper interesting areas that were touched upon i.e. what jesus may really have wanted us to know, were glossed over and instead we were given heavy visual doses of sadistic punishment inflicted upon our heroine (arquette). total crucifixion in the first 15 minutes would have been more humane to both her character and the audience. the acting was barely there and the direction was uninspired. and, if i saw one more drip of water or dove flying toward the camera, i may have started screaming louder than patricia.

we have all been asking ourselves "why don't they remake the slasher films that were only ok instead of remaking the ones that were great already, that way they can only make it better?" well with prom night they have remade the average but trashy fun 80s jamie lee curtis film and made it even worse. its a paint by numbers slasher film which is clearly trying to attract the young teens (hence no violence etc), the knife in this slasher flick is blunt.the director spends so much time focusing on trying to make the rather attractive killer look somewhat creepy that anything else goes out of the window.the cast who include britney snow (who was superb in hairspray) try their hardest but the material gives them nothing to do but pout and look scared.more annoying is how the death scenes are handled (we will hear the attack but wont see it). it also looks like the only place the knife in this film worked was in the editing suite since the film looks like it has been butchered (im guessing anything remotely scary ended up on the cutting room floor so as not to scare the kids) yet in pours the money from americans sending this film to number 1 at the box office!!! slasher movies are a lot of fun but in prom nights case it made me want to download the original.i've seen scarier oc and dawsons creek episodes

when i first saw the preview for this movie, i really couldn't wait to see it. the plot seemed good and the setting was great. i mean, a slasher movie that takes place on prom night, great idea!! and the plot: a high school teacher that becomes sexually obsessed with one of his students, goes crazy, gets arrested, and escapes three years later on prom night! prom night, a night that is supposed to be happy and memorable, turns into hell!! however, i saw it and was extremely disappointed. it was not only the worst "horror movie" i have ever seen, but it was one of the worst movie in general that i have ever seen!! first of all, it wasn't even scary. there was not one moment in that movie when i jumped out of my seat. also, the murder scenes were so cheesy and dull. all the slasher did was either stab his victims in the stomach multiple times or cut their throats. also there was absolutely no gore (its rated pg-13). the scene with the most blood was probably the one where the killer murders the black girl. he slits her throat and blood splatters on the sheets hanging around them (they don't actually show him cutting her throat).next, you see the killers face the first time he is introduced in the movie. he isn't mysterious, creepy, or scary. he's just this guy who kills people.also, everything in the movie was so cliché. an example is when, at the end, the killer is about to kill the main character and at the last moment, the detective shoots and kills him. also, every single thing in this movie was so predictable. the victim, after seeing the guy with a knife, runs for her life, hides, thinks she gets away, and then the killer just pops out and kills her.finally, the sequence of the movie was extremely bad. the guy goes into the hotel, kills a few people, the bodies are discovered, someone pulls the fire alarm, and everyone evacuates. the main character forgets something in her room, has an encounter with the killer, runs and escapes. thats it! she and her boyfriend go home, the slasher kills the guards patrolling the house, finds the girl, then gets killed by the detective. the movie sequence was so stupid and cliché.if your thinking of seeing this movie all because the preview looked good, trust me, don't waste your time or money. no wonder this movie was being shown in the smallest theater in the movie theater. my friend and i, along with these two girls sitting in the back, were the only ones in the theater. that should have told me something about the movie beforehand.

i saw this film by accident and this movie was an accident...well it must of been. blonde women being stalked,the villain appearing then disappearing getting from one place to another in minute's then disappearing and reappearing,hiding.he was'nt even a super hero so i don't know how he did it.he could'nt frighten a cat and that's not hard to do.the old "mirror in the bathroom"is just not scary anymore in fact it stopped being scary years ago. you had the cop on the trail of the villain,another cliché(played by idris elba with a very convincing american accent,he's from london) the director did'nt have a clue and has made a film full of cliché's and make's "scary move"which was a comedy look scary. pathetic!

the acting was horrendous as well as the screenplay. it was poorly put together and made you almost want to laugh at the several terribly acted out murder scenes. the ending was even worse. everyone kept dying, but somehow the ending made it look like everything was perfectly ok! they did not give enough history about the obsession the teacher had, etc. the movie needed more time to perhaps develop a better storyline. the only reason i give this 3/10 is that i kind of feel bad for the young actors. they needed better coaching. they could have really made this an ok film, but the screenplay and acting failed miserably.

the night of the prom: the most important night to any shallow girl composed almost entirely of plastic. and so the characters kept reminding us every ten minutes when some head-peckingly miniscule event occurred in their miniscule lives.there really is no excuse for prom night. there is less than nothing original about it and i truly would have given it zero or less stars were it possible on imdb. the only part of my viewing that i enjoyed was when a group of teenagers sitting in front of us decided to play a game of 'ghosts'. it was a lot more exciting than whatever was going on on the screen in front of them.the plot was basically some guy going on a rampage. and the thing was, it wasn't even a slightly exciting rampage. maybe if the guy had been remotely frightening rather than a tame robbie williams lookalike with a baseball cap, i might have sat there feeling slightly anxious. the fact that i cared less about the characters than i did about the colour of the cinema carpet didn't really add to the effect, either. and to make matters worse, the rest of the characters were equally one-dimensional and oblivious. the hotel staff didn't seem to notice or care that one of their maids had vanished and are further proof that a murderer is unrecognisable after he has had a shave. i was incredibly surprised that the bitchy, stereotypical girl in the blue dress was the only person to notice who he was. she realises this and then proceeds to fall down the stairs, entangle herself in a plastic sheet and then knock over a pile of paint buckets. nice one.the worst thing was, i hold the belief that that the director was trying his absolute hardest. he really pushed all boundaries by not showing any killing actually happening. shocking! and the music, don't even get me started. it was almost as appropriate as stripping at a funeral.i really wish that prom night was a joke. it was terrible and stupidly predictable. no one, in their right mind or otherwise, has any reason to see this film. mainstream cinema seems to be going downhill and films like this worsen the situation. if you get the urge to see this absolutely awful film, hear my plea. don't do it. there are better things to spend six pounds on. like a sheet to play ghosts with.

ok this movie was made for one reason and one reason only to make money!!the producers obviously didn't care about killing a classic horror movie. i knew this movie would suck as soon as it was going to be a pg-13 how many pg-13 slashers movies have turned out to be good? thats like asking how many women have been on the moon? the answer is none!! prom night 1980 was of cource no masterpiece but it certainly deserves to be recognised as a movie that stays true to its genre and deosnt try to be anything more than that.my problem with prom night 2008 is the way that it handles the killer and i have 3 major problems with him.....................1)the way he escapes, he was locked up in a mental institute and he escapes through a air conditioning vent!! what the hell? why would they have an air conditioning vent in the patients room? do they want him to be comfortable during his stay or something? 2)his intentions are somewhat uncertain the killer want all of the main victims family and friends dead so he can have her all to his self, he says he loves her but the next minute he trys to kill her, so does he want to kill her, love her or just plain rape her?? 3) the killer is too good, how did he develop all of his skills? he used to be a teacher, so in this one scene where he kills the main victims boyfriend while hes basically on top of her asleep and she doesn't notice, it all silly 2 stars out of 10 terrible,silly,stupid attempt at a horror movie

why hollywood feels the need to remake movies that were so brilliant their prime (the texas chainsaw massacre, the hills have eyes) but is it considerably worse why hollywood feels the need to remake those horror films that weren't brilliant to start with (prom night, the amityville horror) much like their originals these remakes fail in creating atmosphere, character or any genuine scares at all. prom night is so flat and uninteresting its hard to watch, but for all the wrong reasons.it's a poorly acted, massively uninteresting and ultimately dull excursion that fails at everything its designed to do. it's clear hollywood horror is dead. even the likes of the hills have eyes and the texas chainsaw massacre managed to ruin their franchises in style with buckets of blood and a decent plot. prom night is virtually bloodless and i'm not even going to mention how bad the plot is. its inability to seal the killers identify makes this the least suspenseful horror movie since erm... the original.one of the most notorious slasher films of the 1980s returns to terrorize filmgoers with this remake that proves just how horrifying high school dances can truly be. donna keppel (brittany snow) has survived a terrible tragedy, but now the time has come to leave the past behind and celebrate her senior prom in style.when the big night finally arrives, donna and her best friends prepare to enjoy their last big high-school blowout by living it up and partying till dawn. but while donna is willing to look past her nightmares and into a brighter future, the man she thought she had escaped forever has returned for one last dance. an obsessed killer is on the loose, and he'll slay anyone who attempts to prevent him from reaching his one and only donna.who will survive to see graduation day, and what will donna do when she's forced to confront her greatest fear? scott porter, jessica stroup, and dana davis co-star in the slasher remake that will have tuxedo-clad teens everywhere nervously looking over their shoulders as they file out onto the dance floor. a plot that will probably put you off going to see this. witch if you ask me is a good thing.without much to work with, mccormick gamely tries to milk tension out of the most banal of situations. at one point, a girl backs into a floor lamp (a lamp!) and mccormick tries to pump it up into a jump-scare moment. desperate times really do call for desperate measures. there haven't been this many shots of closets since the last ikea catalogue.in the era of the hills, my super sweet 16 and to catch a predator, there probably is a freaky, scary movie to be mined from the commoditisation of glamour and society's creepy obsession with youthful beauty. this is not that movie.my final verdict? avoid at all cost. nobody will like prom night, it's even a disappointment to thoses who usually enjoy hack-job remakes. considering its absolute lack of blood or frights. a night you'll be in a hurry to forget.

i saw this movie a few days ago and gamely jumped during the scary parts. i must admit, i found it pretty decent...until i started to think about what the characters were saying. logical problems:1. her boyfriend, who seems to be a pretty fit dude, makes no sound while being killed. don't you think that he might have at least tried to take the killer? 2. when the remark is made that the gym teacher is "soooo in love with lisa," i almost screamed at the screen. when your best friend's family has been killed by a teacher who was in love with her, you don't make comments like that if you have half of a heart.3. as soon as nash asks the uncle how many exits they have in the house and the uncle catches on that there may be danger ahead, wouldn't the smart thing to do be to get donna, boyfriend, aunt, and uncle into a car and drive far, far away, then bait the house with the hrt and police force so that the killer has no way to get out?i could go on. and on. and on. basically, the plot was decent, the characters weren't profiled enough for you to actually feel any empathy when they were slaughtered and there were way too many errors.however.this movie might be good for teenagers, or young couples just looking for a fun night out. if you don't consider all the goofs, it's a mediocre film.

i think it was an overrated pg-13 crap! at least brittany snow's performance was good and some others like idris elba were good too, but some others teens in the prom like the leads friends were not that convincing. the killer was so dumb and looked so stupid too. the deaths were stupid, boring and completely unoriginals. the movie was very boring too and very overrated. it wasn't suspenseful at all, i almost fall asleep. its another bad pg-13 remake, its really a dreadful movie imo. the ending was so stupid and the climax was very rushed and boring. the movie is pretty slow too. overall the only good thing about this crap fest is maybe brittany snow i think she gave a good performance and idris elba too, but besides that it was a completely dreadful movie and horrible remake. well thats just my opinion. i gave it a 2/10.

if i could give this film a real rating, it would likely be in the minus numbers. while i respect the fact that somebody has to keep making these terrible "horror" films, seriously, people, buying a ticket for this film is a waste of money you could be spending on something far more worth your time.despite it being a horror film, there is nothing scary about it, unless the idea of seeing how many horror cliché's you can fit in one movie scares you. if the rating had been higher, it probably would have made for a better film in the long run.whoever made this version of "prom night", you screwed up. the actors could probably have done a decent job if it weren't for the questionable scripting. this was a terrible waste of a cinema trip. i'd sooner go and see "one missed call" again, at least that had some plot.

"prom night" is a title-only remake of the 1980 slasher flick that starred jamie lee curtis and leslie nielsen. this movie takes place in an oregon town, where donna (brittany snow) is about to go to her senior prom and let herself have some fun after going through some extremely traumatic events in the past few years. she and her friends arrive at the prom, which is taking place in a grand hotel, and try and enjoy what is supposed to be the most fun night of their lives. little does anyone know, a man from donna's past, who has haunted her for years, is also at the prom... and is willing to kill anyone in way of his pursuit of her.i'm a fan of the original "prom night", so i tried to maintain a little hope in this movie, but i have to admit i was quite disappointed. "prom night" suffers from the worst affliction a horror movie could have, and that is predictability. there are absolutely no surprises here, and i felt i had seen everything in this movie done dozens of times, often better, before. what does this equate to for the audience? boredom. unless of course you have never seen any horror movies, or are part of the pre-teen crowd, but the majority of the audience will most likely be able to guess nearly everything that is going to happen. the plot is simplistic, but the entire script is void of any type of surprise, twist, atmosphere, or anything, and this really, really hurts the movie because it never really gives the audience anything to sink their teeth into. it all just seemed very bland.a lot of people seem to complain with the fact that this is a pg-13 slasher movie as well, and i understand what they are saying, but i don't think it's impossible to make a good slasher movie with minimal gore. take carpenter's "halloween" for example - little to no on screen violence, but still an extremely frightening and effective movie. you don't need gore to make a film scary, but even had "prom night" been gratuitously violent (which it is not, it is very tame), it still would have added little to the movie because there is not much in the script to build on to begin with. the tension and suspense here is mild at best, and i spent most of the movie predicting the outcome of situations, and was correct about 99% of the time. our characters aren't well written enough either for the audience to make any connection to them, and their by-the-numbers demises are routine and careless.i will point out a few things i did like about this movie, though, because it wasn't completely useless - the cinematography is really nice, and everything was very well-filmed and fairly stylish. among the "jump" scares (that are for the most part very predictable), there were a few that were kind of clever. the sets for the movie are nice too and the hotel is a neat place for the plot to unfold, however predictable the unfolding may be. as for the acting, it's mediocre at best. brittany snow plays the lead decently, but really the rest of the cast doesn't show off much talent. johnathan schaech plays the villain, and is probably the most experienced performer here, but even he isn't that impressive. however, i did like the character he played, which was a nice change from the typical 'masked-stalker' type killer we see a lot. as far as the ending goes, the last fifteen minutes of the film had me bored to my wit's end and it was very anti-climactic.overall, "prom night" was a disappointment. everything was very by-the-numbers, routine, and predictable, which is somewhat upsetting considering this had the potential to be a decent slasher movie. there were a few neat moments, but the movie lacked any suspense or atmosphere, and had little plot development, nor believable characters. i'd advise seasoned horror fans to save their money and wait till it's out on video, or rent the original instead, because there are absolutely no surprises here. some may find a little entertainment in it, but it was far too predictable for my tastes. i expected better, and left the theater very disappointed. 3/10.

i went into this with my hopes up, by twenty minutes into the movie i couldn't have been more let down. despite thinking that this would be another horribly bad remake, i kept my hopes high that maybe...just maybe someone would get it right this time around. sadly, prom night is about on the same quality level as the recent april fools day remake, bad script, bad direction, cheesy overdone acting and generally bad horror.from beginning to end it's boring, repetitive and worthy of about a dozen eye rolls. we've seen it all before and we've seen it done a million times better then this. if you go to see prom night in the theater (i'd say wait for the dvd or ppv), get ready for the audience to laugh, because laugh they will. the laughs aren't at points in the movie that are supposed to be funny, they are in response to key "thrilling" moments in the film that are so poorly done you feel as if your watching the newest installment of scary movie. seriously, was this supposed to be a remake or a spoof? the film makers missed the mark so badly here, that a large number of the audience in the theater i attended walked out about halfway through the movie. which in retrospect, i wish i had done. not me though, i had to torture myself and stick with it hoping it would get better. needless to say it didn't. the "horror" scenes are a joke, not even so much because of the acting but because of the direction, the script, the "special effects" and the camera work. the movie manages to look as if they spent a fortune to produce it, but still came out of it with a micro budget movie. i halfway expected to see dollar store tags on some of the props and kept thinking i would spot a porn star in the cast somewhere. this movies scary alright, if this is the future of big budget horror then the horror genre is doomed.

note: i couldn't force myself to actually write up a constructive review of prom night. it just can't be done. instead, i went through what i thought about while watching the movie.things that i thought about while watching prom night: -i'm so tired of those dreams where these elaborate deaths will take place, only for the main character to wake up right before she bites it. of course, when i say "elaborate deaths", i mean off screen throat slashes or stabs in the stomach. didn't the whole "it's just a dream" thing get ruined by dallas? speaking of which, i wonder if a couple stabs in the gut will cause immediate death.-the film is only ten minutes into and i can already count the horror clichés on two hands. not a good sign.-even after just meeting the protagonist's boyfriend, i'm convinced he will die. anybody want to place bets? -the killer in this movie is a teacher that is obsessed with the main character, donna. (by the way, does anybody think that "donna" is a horrible name for a main character in a horror film?) he spends three years in a maximum security prison before breaking out and finds donna celebrating her high school prom. while there is no accounting for taste, i seriously wonder who would take all that time to stalk somebody as dull as donna.-high schools allow proms to take place at hotels and doesn't keep track of the students. apparently students are perfectly able to buy a hotel room and go in and out as they please. i suppose if this plot point wasn't in place, the movie would be 90 minutes of people being bored out of their mind and randomly biting the dust whenever they go to the bathroom. i suppose the trade-off for their excitement is my utter boredom with everything. i've already played "count the pieces of chewed bubble gum under the seat" and "guess how much money i have in my wallet" and i'm only in the 20 minute mark. how else will i entertain myself? -note to self: don't forget milk and bread on the way home.-dear screenwriter: you've used up enough false scares to get through this movie and every other horror remake this year.-the 1980 version of this film wasn't that good but compared to this remake it was like citizen kane, or at least the godfather. it had jamie lee curtis in one of her many post-halloween horror flicks and it did have a little "twist" at the end. i miss jamie lee. i wish she'd act more.-apparently at prom there isn't much dancing going on. instead the girls get in fights with their boyfriends over where they plan to attend college. i hear all these colleges being brought up by name, and i can't help but wonder who these girls have to cheat off of on the entrance exam to get in.-the killer must carry a bag of really effective cleaning supplies and wipes up his mess between scenes. that's the only logical explanation for why he could stab somebody to death on the carpet or in the bathroom and by the time somebody goes up to the hotel room, there is no trace of a struggle. (on another side note: this is a very lazy killer. michael myers went hunting after his victims. just saying.)-it's official: the entire audience in the theater is rooting on the killer. what triggered it? was it whenever donna went back up to her hotel room while sirens were going off ordering everybody to exit the building? was it her constant dreams, and how even after going through something dramatic in said dream she insisted on reenacting her steps to a tee? or was it brittany snow's unconvincing performance? i'll have to say it was all of the above.-okay, who had "he dies off screen in the third act"? you win the pot.-finally, the movie is over. my friend turns to me and says "donna wasn't too smart." that's the understatement of the week. kind of like saying that a tornado is a small gust of wind, or a week long power outage is a slight inconvenience.-i can't wait to get on rotten tomatoes and see if anybody gave this move a favoring review.-i can't recommend this. i refuse to recommend this. this is as lazy of a horror film as any, and the only way to enjoy its cheese smelling plot is if you are under the influence of at least ten beers. and unfortunately for theater patrons, alcohol isn't served.rating: * out of ****

prom night (2008)directed by: nelson mccormickstarring: brittany snow, scott porter, jessica stroup, and dana davisplot: three years ago, donna (brittany snow) witnessed the death of her entire family at the hands of her teacher (jonathan schaech) who has a bit of a crush on her. now, she is preparing for her senior prom with her stupid annoying friends. once there, they start dying one by one because the killer escaped from prison and no one bothered to warn donna because apparently her prom is too important to interrupt. pros: i got a few good laughs out of the film due to the terrible dialog and the dumb character moves.an example:everyone decides not to tell donna that the man who is oddly obsessed with her (she doesn't seem that great) has escaped from prison. their reason: they don't want to embarrass her in front of all her friends. lolcons: let me start off by saying i'm a huge slasher fan. usually i can have fun with even the bad ones. i even like some pg-13 horror films. tourist trap (1979), one of my favorites, was originally rated pg. i also enjoy poltergeist (1982) and the grudge (2004). so the fact that this is a dumb slasher film that is rated pg-13 does not have anything to do with me not enjoying the movie.first of all, i had a big problem with the story. i like slasher films that don't even have stories. at least they can be entertaining. this is about a teacher who falls in love with his student, so he kills her entire family. a few years later, he tries to make it up to her by ruining her prom and killing all of her friends ...? then there were subplots that i doubt anyone cared about. claire (jessica stroup) is fighting with her boyfriend, she has cramps, and i couldn't care less. this should have been a lifetime feature, not a remake of prom night. and then ... this is a slasher film with terrible death scenes. i don't even care that it's not that gory, some of my favorite slashers (halloween, curtains, the original prom night) were not that gory but they still had effective murders. here, we have half the characters dying in the same hotel room off screen, a woman being stabbed several times with no stab wounds, and a closeup on a bad actor's face as he screams in agony. i'm sure that 10 year-old girls were terrified, but not me.i also hated the characters. there was donna's unrealistically sensitive boyfriend bobby (scott porter) and i can almost guarantee you will never meet a boyfriend that sensitive in your life, unless you are a gay male. then we had donna's annoying friends claire (stroup) and lisa (dana davis), and the token mean girl chrissy (brianne davis). if you thought the characters in death proof were annoying, try watching this movie. and don't get me started on ronnie (collins pennie) and the dj (jay phillips) who gave me flashbacks to usher's performance in she's all that.add to all that predictable plot turns, a terrible soundtrack and a big lack of respect to the original material, and you have quite a stinker.

i read the reviews for this and while not expecting a saving private ryan i was expecting a film of some substance.the film starts off very lob-sided with the usual intro of history and how the unit came into being. but immediately it's 1944 and you are not sure where everyone is. the accents etc are very poor as this unit is supposed to be hawaiian/asian american but everyone speaks in a very poor take on harvard english imitation of a japanese person.i gave this film 3 out of 10 as after 10 minutes i couldn't watch any more of it. the characters were 1 dimensional and even though they were most likely based on real people i had no feeling for them and this left me not caring about them. very poor direction of a very average tv movie which will be shown at midnight on some cable channel. i'd avoid and look out for better efforts.this is a good story but it was deserving of a better telling. you got a sense the director had seen band of brothers and thought that that was enough to sell his movie. my advice, avoid and watch band of brothers, tuskegee airmen, glory or any other movie like when trumpets fade...

(avast, slight spoilers ahead) i got this tape from my local library, which keeps a copy for obvious reasons.i once went to the town of matewan, west virginia, and in a little museum there i saw the schedule for the town theatre citra may 1954. movies would change at the theatre each day. as there would be no tv for another decade or so in those parts, this was much of the available entertainment in the town. "the raid" seems to have been made for towns like matewan in the 1950's. although it wasn't listed for that month, i am sure showed there some monday or tuesday night for an audience which probably wasn't too demanding. the historical raid - daring and remarkably successful - didn't seem to have been very well researched, so the movie is full of hollywood embellishments, including a loose cannon played by lee marvin. marvin uses the opportunity to practice being liberty valance. and st. albans seems to have had more yankee soldiers coming and going through the town than washington d.c. had.what really made me snicker was when the raiders change into their confederate uniforms. only in tacky civil war paintings do rebel uniforms look so pristine. when anne bancroft's son catches van heflin in his uniform just before the raid, i expected the boy to think it was halloween.and then there's anne bancroft herself. while watching the movie i actually looked on the imdb to see if there was a second anne bancroft. the then-studio contract actress looks nothing like in her later films, and has none of the presence she would later have in "the miracle worker," "agnes of god," and of course "the graduate."worth seeing if only 1). you live in st. albans and 2). you have a couple hours to kill on a hollywood fictionalization of your home town's biggest news story.

interesting film about an actual event that took place during the civil war in vermont. it kept my attention to the end and i don't regret viewing it. i haven't ever read any on this raid incident so i was curious to see if the rebels pulled it off. i enjoy historical films from that era.my major complaint is with the confederate uniforms. they look too good!!! the acting was a little stiff at times. i like the old man eating the mashed potatoes because he didn't have any teeth. the wounded soldier playing fetch with a hound was a little strange. overall, it was a descent film.

i totally disagreed with those comments which said this is a good movie. this is a totally sucked movie. i mean sucked - s.u.c.k.e.d. the story development is strange. mia kirshner changed from an innocent girl to a party-fun seeking chick for no convincing reasons at all. in addition, all the actresses looked way too old for being college students - college students looked like about 30 years old - you figure out the rest. i watched only about first ten minutes and started fast forwarding to look for sex scenes. all the sex scenes are lame, hasty and, most importantly, no frontal at all. all the sex scenes are laughable, considering how many clothes they had on. do yourself a favor - put it down and save yourself a few bucks. conclusion: story - 0, sex - 0, acting - 0, score - 0 out 10.

small college town coed od's? (why do we care?) acting sheriff investigates the incident. (why do we care?) the interviews show us the comatose subject (kirshner) as different as the opinions of the subjects being interviewed. (why do we care?) result? a mess of flashbacks in this mess of a movie featuring a handful of one-hit wonders and b-flick divas which begs the question...why do we care?

unentertaining, uninvolving hybrid of "cruel intentions" and "wild things", but it isn't nearly as good as either of those trash min-classics. it's about the acting sheriff, artie (taye diggs) being called in to investigate a near-fatal drug overdose at a posh upper-class univesity, but to keep it on the down low. as he digs deeper he thinks it's much more than it at first glance seems to be. we follow alicia, the girl who overdosed in flashbacks as well. at about 90 minutes, if this film was welcomed to begin with, it would have worn it out. this film brings absolutely nothing new to the table. but it is the only movie thus far that has miss swain topless so the grade is higher just for that.my grade: deye candy: dominique swain gets topless( fixing a mistake of "happy campers"); another girl is topless anti-eye candy: more men ass than girl tit

i wish i could give this movie a zero out of ten. before going to this movie the day after it came out, i came on imdb to check out the comments. a comment called the movie predictable and cheesy with terrible dialog. i never go by other people's opinions, so i wasted seven dollars for this crap movie. it had to be one of the worst movies i've ever seen.the person who wrote the script should be pushed off a cliff. since when do scary movies have sappy scenes? i swear, i'm amazed there weren't any group hug ^-^ moments.i think i jumped. once. and that's because i zoned out, thinking about my research paper for english. the clichéd, birds/cat popping out of nowhere thing when you thought something was gonna happen.and the characters were stupid. my friend and i almost died laughing when the alarm went off and the main character said, "i have to get my mom's shawl!!!" you. idiot. screw the shawl! safety is just a few steps away, but no, my mom's shawl (that didn't match the dress by the way) is wayyyy more important than my health and safety. and to top it all off, they take her back to her house, knowing that the killer knew where she lived. god.my friend and i also predicted the entire movie. and not just the, i bet he's hiding under the bed, moments. it was the, "he stole the bellhop's clothes and sneaked out of the hotel" and "it's the detective coming down the hallway, not the killer!" moments. movies should never be this predictable. disney movies aren't even this predictable.i'm gonna complete my rant now by saying, this was a terrible movie. i'm glad i went to see it in theaters so i wouldn't buy it for $15.00 and then hate it. it was just bad. it would've been better if only one thing would've happened. if, after being shot by the detective, the killer would have fallen down in the same position he got shot in. knife in hand, falling and stabbing the girl on his way down. oh, how lovely that would've been.don't waste your time or money. go see a good movie.

this movie is a good example of the extreme lack of good writers and directors in hollywood. the fact that people were paid to make this piece of junk shows that there is a lack of original ideas and talent in the entertainment business. the idea that audiences paid to see this movie (and like an idiot i rented the film) is discouraging also.obsessed teacher (3 years prior) kills teenager's family because he wants her. for no reason he kills the mother, father and brother. from the first five minutes you see the bad acting and direction. years later, obsessed teacher breaks out of prison. hmm--usual bad writing--no one in the town he terrorized knows until the last minute. obsessed teacher somehow becomes like a navy seal and can sneak around, sniff out people and with a knife is super killer. sure!!! now obsessed teacher kills hotel maid for no reason, knifes bellhop for the fun of it, and starts to hunt down the teenager's friends. now there is the perfect way to get the girl to love you. obsessed teacher sneaks out of hotel---again it is stupid, ever cop would know his face--but he walks right by them. now he kills two cops outside teenager's house and somehow sneaks into her bedroom and kills her boyfriend.there is not one single positive thing about this piece of garbage. if any other profession put out work of this low quality, they would be fired. yet these idiots are making hundreds of thousands of dollars for writing and directing this trash.

so, back when herbie made his first appearance, i was perfectly happy watching dean jones mug away. i only wanted to be entertained for a few hours and eat overly buttered popcorn. now, unfortunately, i have expectations of a riveting/delightful story whenever i watch a movie, if i'm not on some sort of medication. and this is another good movie for the medicated. there are no major laughs, no complex plot lines, no difficult twists. herbie fully loaded is great for the fully loaded.this was the first time i had seen la lohan on the screen since she swapped places with jamie lee curtis (i thought she was excellent in that), and i can't say i was terribly impressed this time around. aside from her constantly changing and distractingly unnatural hair color, she just didn't ring true as the kid next door who had spent a lifetime hanging around road racers. her 'need for speed' wasn't portrayed consistently in the film - perhaps it was elsewhere - she looked older than her part, and seemed to always be looking for something (a party? designer togs? new place to spend money?) off set. i couldn't see any chemistry with justin long; that romance seemed obligatory at best. the only time lindsay appeared engaged was when she was interacting with matt dillon, who i thought was appropriately over the top as evil bad guy trip murphy.it was great to see herbie again, and i loved the movie intro with material from the old movies. if disney had popped out with some car 53 jewelry, i might have worn some just to be loyal. his new feature (?) was a little inconsistent (does he channel the thoughts of his driver? does he now skateboard?) but whatever. we all knew how it was going to end, but i do wish he had ended up with someone a little less dopey than maggie. and my head still hurts from that lesson maggie and we viewers had hammered home. what would have made the movie worthwhile? have the old herbie in a real story with a real plot - at the very least, herbie's as good as lassie - but clearly that's asking too much. why is it that disney always goes back to the same well as "herbie goes bananas" and "the computer that wore tennis shoes" when it comes to innovation? i'm sure this was a great movie for kids and those with no expectations. for the rest of us....it's for when you have the 'flu and just can't take the suspense of rear window.

this is the worst movie i have ever seen. everyone involved should be embarrassed. everyone. ice-t is pitiful, the dialogue is absolutely awful, and hokie does not begin to describe the performances by every single actor in this movie. the plot steals heavily from executive decision, but compared to air rage, executive decision is academy award material. i have never been so disappointed when watching a movie. air rage should be burned with its ashes locked in a vault never to see the light of day again. anyone who has seen it should take a shower and wash the stink of horrible movie off of them. the best part of this movie probably comes from the ending, when the credits rolled. this was easily the worst movie i have ever seen. ice-t should stick to law and order, and the other people in this film should retire early or commit suicide. either way, they should never attempt to be in a movie again.

don't expect much from this film. in many ways this film resembles a film that doris day starred in in 1956,title, julie. in this film doris,who was a flight attendant,stewardess,in those days,landed the air craft after her derange husband,played by louis jordan shot the captain. she did a far better job,more convincing,than kim ojah,who took control of a 747 and manage to land it without much help from the control tower. i know a little about 747 aircraft,i use to be a flight attendant myself. like i said,do not expect much from this film,it was done on a cheap budget. the producers were to cheap to use a plane with the name of a airline on it. oceanic is one name that several movies have used. the only writing on this plane was the name of the company that made the aircraft.

i signed in just to comment on how awfully stupid this movie is. besides being a rip-off of executive decision or air force one or any other kind of terrorist story, this is the kind of movie that makes you appreciate seeing a movie that can take the same basic ideas and do it well. it's hard to blame the actors when they are given such a stupid, cliché-ridden script to work with. it's bad enough if you groan once in a movie when you encounter an insult to your intelligence, but when you find yourself groaning over and over again, you have to conclude that the director also isn't the brightest bulb in the movie business, nor are the producers for deciding to bring this story to the screen in the first place. the mostly low-rent actors you can excuse for taking on this assignment, because they most likely showed up to get the money and exposure, not that being a part of this joke-of-a-movie is going to earn them any awards or recognition. it may end up embarrassing them for having such poor judgment as to get involved in such a loser. i see no point in summarizing the plot or even in giving any examples to prove my case, for, to do so, would be cruel and unusual punishment that no one involved in this debacle could withstand. just as studying well-made movies can inspire you how to make a good, skillfully put-together work of art and beauty, the only thing that you can learn from watching this monstrosity is what not to do and what does not work! be warned.

firstly, i won't tell you why i rented this movie, as i'm still confused myself...air rage is much like any movie i've seen where a plane is hijacked. there is of course that one important person on the plane, and the hijacker looking for revenge. the sad thing is, some of the methods to stop the hijackers have already been used in other movies. are we really becoming so unoriginal so quickly?although it's ice-t (who for some incomprehensible reason makes painful attempts at acting while he's not busy putting the "c" back in front of rap) who is glorified on the cover, the movie actually stars the less than amazing kim oja as a stewardess who is 'surprisingly' overlooked by the five hijackers, which naturally comes back to haunt them. as for the rest of the cast, the only person i managed to recognize was steve hytner, more commonly known as kenny bania from "seinfeld".i can't forget to leave out my favorite part of the movie, when a hijacker used about a pound of plastique to blow a lock off a door... brilliant.the plot was unnaturally predictable.the script - atrocious. it got to the point where i could say something, which i felt would make a stupid comment, and it would be the next line in the movie.as for special effects... the only thing special about this movie is that i wasted the cost of electricity to run my tv and vcr for 100 minutes.and the title - the movie did take place in the air. but due to the less than stellar performances, the only rage in the movie was that of the viewer.so, if you're in the mood to even pick apart a movie, just because it's bad. please save yourself, don't choose this.

words can't describe how bad this movie is. i can't explain it by writing only. you have too see it for yourself to get at grip of how horrible a movie really can be. not that i recommend you to do that. there are so many clichés, mistakes (and all other negative things you can imagine) here that will just make you cry. to start with the technical first, there are a lot of mistakes regarding the airplane. i won't list them here, but just mention the coloring of the plane. they didn't even manage to show an airliner in the colors of a fictional airline, but instead used a 747 painted in the original boeing livery. very bad. the plot is stupid and has been done many times before, only much, much better. there are so many ridiculous moments here that i lost count of it really early. also, i was on the bad guys' side all the time in the movie, because the good guys were so stupid. "executive decision" should without a doubt be you're choice over this one, even the "turbulence"-movies are better. in fact, every other movie in the world is better than this one.

when i come on imdb boards,i'm always fed up when i see a "the worst movie ever" post.after watching this *movie*,i think that i am soon going to create my own post!!the opening titles:great,some kind of lame zoom on a gas oven (yeah,focus on the fire=explosions=great action packed movie!!)the actors:i think that ice t is a cool rapper,even a nice actor (sometimes, i insist,"sometimes") but the steven seagal like policeman he plays is...beyond the words. the rest of the cast is...well i don't know where those actors were hired but jeez!!i bet my dog would have been a much better actor than them!!the plot:hijacking.original isn't it??the action sequences:the first shot of the movie is an explosion.i told myself,well, cool!!at least there will be some nice pyrotechnics...i was dead wrong.the rest of the movie is mostly filled with low rent stock shots taken from the air force...the dialogs are hilarious,the music is pure crap,the end is happy( i mean i was happy at the end because the movie was over!!!)my cousin who was watching the movie was delighted( i'm 22, she's 42...well).i was on the verge of taking the movie and burn it.maybe next time i'm gonna watch it...(who said never???)

this has to be one of the 5 worst movies ever made. the plot looked intriguing like that of passenger 57. but with the latter movie it somehow worked a lot better. the plot has been worked out in the worst possible way. just a few of the awful moments in the movie, a flight attendant is standing in the opened doorway of a flying 747 and trying to close the door without being sucked out by the 250 mile per hour winds?!? thereafter the lands the aircraft from a few miles out starting at 8000 feet, thats impossible even for 747 pilots with thousands of hour experience. when on the runway (perfectly straight of course) she is instructed to pull on the flaps, huh!! come on flaps are there to ensure lift at low speeds, when on the runway you use thrust reverse on the engines and give maximum power! i can go on and on about little and mostly big mistakes in the movie, but then my reply would become the size of the english dictionary. this is a movie you want to miss, take my word for it!

i ve finished seeing the movie 10 minutes ago..wow i still cant believe what i've watched.this is absolutely the worst movie ever. if i would list all the flaws in the movie , this review would take me a lot of sentences.( very funny flaws, because of being that bad though)you got to be amazed with the skill of the commandos assigned to rescue the plane. they didn't even know how to move.ice-t is so bad actor... and the thing i don't understand, is how the production wanted him to be like a hero, but he's a zero..of course the major flaws will be the landing of an 747, needing only 3 or 4 tips from a guy in transmission to land the plane...amazing.. as well as the dead bodys that had almost no blood at all..but i strongly recommend of watching this movie, as its very interesting to see how bad can something get

besides all of the technical mistakes ....how about a female flight attendant who's able to kill, all by herself, 4 out of the 7 terrorists (including ex marines), 2 of whom without even using a gun. then, she lands the plane perfectly. we're not talking about sigourney weaver or linda hamilton; we're talking about a regular, frightened, yet very well composed flight attendant. :d how about the leader in charge of the assault/rescue squad, having a full-proof (according to the logic of the script) plan of sleep-gassing everyone and having someone from his team fly the plane. only he decides at the spur of the moment to change plans and instead lead an attack on the terrorists, guns blazing, not knowing where the terrorists are, or how many, and not securing a position of advantage, so that his whole team gets easily wiped out. yeah, that's using the old noggin. only later to decide to use the sleep gas anyway. and it turns out useless for all intensive purposes.bad as this movie was, though, i couldn't stop myself from watching and wondering, what next? :d i can't help but imagine all the excellent, unemployed script writers thinking to themselves, it's not fair. lol! :d

starts really well, nice intro and build up for the main characters but after about 5 minutes, the charm is lost.the character is in the same mould as the main protagonist from american pie and loser without the supporting cast or innovative storyline that made the pie movies more of a commercial success.let's be honest - heder's acting was pretty poor. keaton, daniels and faris did their best but had no substantial plot or script to get their teeth into the movie just plods on without any pace or clear logical storyline justifying its length.the ending is about as predictable as they come - so predictable i've ticked the spoilers box for this one line.my advice: avoid at all costs unless you really really have nothing else to do/listen to or watch and even then you'll feel the producers just cheated you out of an hour and a half of your life.

oh my goodness. this was a real big mess that just couldn't help itself. jeffrey (jon heder) is a 29 year old man still living with his mum (diane keaton) and not planning on going anywhere. until his mother meets a rich businessman named mert (jeff daniels) who she may be getting married to.it would have been an ok movie if heder didn't play his jeffrey so annoying, from the very start there is no chance of liking him and it only gets worse and worse. in the end, we are supposed to like him, but there was no reason to as he hadn't changed from the selfish brute that he was at the beginning of the movie.keaton doesn't look to even be trying and is in horrible form after 2007's because i said so. not to mention the shocking chemistry between heder and keaton, and where supposed to believe that their mother and son? the only saving grace is jeff daniels and anna faris although they don't look very interested either. apart from a few little smiles, this film really doesn't deserve to be called a comedy simply because there is barely anything to laugh at! if your in the mood for a recent diane keaton flick watch mad money or smother which are a lot better than this abysmal effort.

i had high hopes for this movie. the theater monologue is great and nic balthazar is a very interesting man, with a lot of experience and knowledge when it comes to movies. i am a fan of a lot of belgian movies, but this movie is bad. it's completely unbelievable that actors who are 34 are suddenly playing the roles of teenagers. the "linguistic games" were hideous and over the top. nothing about the film seemed real to me. the ending was way too deus ex machina for me.i am very disappointed and think i wasted an hour and a half of my life.

it's sad when you can see what a movie was attempting to do, and it is quite obvious that it fell far far short of the mark. film students should take this as a lesson and a warning. would be graduate has an idea. he wants total control. so he writes, directs, produces, his cinematic masterpiece all by himself. usually, his concept is far beyond his budget. usually he writes an overblown script full of every tag line he can come up with. usually, he is more interested in the grand sweep of the story rather than on the nitty gritty of working with actors on individual scenes. usually, he ends up with a movie that is feeble in it's attempt to create miracles on a tiny budget. usually, he ends up with a series of encounters (we cannot do justice by calling them scenes) that feel like they were written by a 12 year old. and usually he ends up with badly acted scenes that fail to grab the viewer. when you look at judges from this perspective you can immediately tell it's just the usual fare.

the plot is rocky. the acting is somewhere south of a jr. high school play. the cinematography is not bad but it looks like it was cut with a machete. i couldn't decide of this was an intentionally hokey flick or if the people behind it actually thought they were making a good film. think death valley days meets mayberry rfd. people running around in a 'lawless' modern town wearing quick-draw 6 gun rigs. it has more than its fair share of 'cutsey' stuff. picture the good guys pulling up to an old farm house, and parking the ford mustang right in front of a hitching rail. picture the clerk in a hotel watching an obviously western (hemisphere) movie sporting a japanese sound track but with english sub-titles. it's all really strange but might be improved if watching it while partaking in a little peyote. it's a real curiosity with modern parallels to every western movie cliché you can think of. there's even a modern version of the good hearted dance-hall girl, and a twanging jew's-harp in the soundtrack. really! if someone brings this to your home for a saturday night movie session, tell 'em your dvd player died.

sadly imdb does not allow me to rate judges lower than 1. what a shame. this ghastly movie is so bad that i actually turned the damned thing off well before the ending. the script had a few bright moments, but the directing, editing, acting, audio quality, and especially timing on line delivery was so abhorrent as make judges utterly unbearable.judges was advertised as being like a modern day comic book style western, but in reality was nothing of the sort. what it is most like is dog poop on the bottom of your shoe. you can try to pretend it is okay, but it just keeps on stinking.why video stores think it is okay to carry this kind of crap with constant gaps in the audio and worse than high school drama class acting is beyond me. we rent movies in order to see something better that what is on television. but judges is worse than the most pathetic scifi channel original. i intend to demand my money back from hollywood video.

i can see where the film makers were going with this. but they never really reach their destination. it's supposed to be a homage to spaghetti westerns albeit set in a sort of mythical modern time frame." but unfortunately it fall short in its attempt. it doesn't have that gritty realism that spaghetti westerns are known for. the characters are not vile and desperate enough like their italian western counterparts. and, failing these two points, it lacks the humor of a successful parody. in fact it looks like they intended to make a serious film, but upon completion realized they had missed the mark so far that it couldn't possibly be taken seriously. unfortunately, they also missed the humor mark by a mile. a whole lotta bad movie!

avoid this crap at all costs. bad script, bad directing, bad acting, bad editing, bad sound, and bad music. get the idea? this movie tries to be western flavored, it's not. it tries to be hard core violent, it's not. it tries to present a fresh look at an old genre, it doesn't. the actors try there best, and my heart goes out to them. but with such inane material to work with it's hard to make something shine. to me this has all of the looks of a "fresh outta film school gonna set the world on fire" first attempt. freshmen film makers often bite off more that they, or their budget, can chew. the best thing they can do is to take a few steps back, reassess what is possible, and work within their limited budget the next time out.

ever wonder why pacific islanders seem to automatically assume the sense of humour of black americans? regardless of their ethnic origins? well this film will not provide any answers to this often pondered question - but it will provide an excellent case study.from its onset this film acts as a sort of "old school" for pacific island new zealanders, which immediately raises the question what exactly is the point of such a task. is it meant to perpetuate ingrained stereotypes of pacific island new zealanders? or is it intended to exploit this potential market? the story is weak, jokes humorless, and the ending is expected. this film has done nothing for new zealand cinema, as it is merely an appropriated romantic comedy that is devoid of any merit.

i just sat in the theater bored as hell, i wanted to leave halfway through the movie. the plot is simple 4 samoan guys wreck weddings. so they have to bring a dates in order to get into the wedding. yawn.the thing that peeved me off the most was the so-called crude jokes... they were highly unfunny, clichéd and thrown in your face, to make you get into the already dull movie. the acting was below-average and i felt this movie just went on and on about nothing but a bunch of unfunny jokes and a predictable plot.all in all, one of the worse movies i've seen of 2006, unfunny, bad acting, just ugly.well thank god a friend shouted me. avoid.

the most positive thing i can say for this dull witted local "comedy" production is that it's inoffensive. in fact it's so astonishingly bland that one wonders how many dozens of re-writes by committee it went through to have such a complete removal of personality. it's not witty, it's not entertaining, it's not insightful, and it's not charming. it's just a staid, laughless, progression of four losers who must change their ways - and their attitudes towards women - to be allowed to attend their best friend's wedding.with acting that would be sub par for the local amateur dramatics society, a plot line so tired it'd make a forty third season of 'allo 'allo look fresh, and jokes about as humorous as watching decaying vegetables, sione's wedding nonetheless scored ten (yes 10) nominations in the nz film awards recently.fortunately, somebody saw sense and it didn't win any.

despite the rave reviews this flick has garnered in new zealand, any hype surrounding the production is sadly undeserved. apart from a clichés-only plot, the movie is let down by some weak acting, accents, and overall lack of tension.whilst having the overall look of a big budget (for nz), the feel is decidedly small-town kiwi...has anyone not seen the brothers ?? ( http://imdb.com/title/tt0250274/ ) those who have will pick the similarities straightaway....i've heard comments that scenes like the boys playing basketball etc were shot to poke fun at the clichéd "boys talking crap", but it comes across as forced...i believe oscar keightley sees himself as deeply ironic, but again his delivery always seems merely vaguely self conscious.those who have any doubts left at all that samoans-living-in-nz culture has been deeply , hopefully not permanently ,affected by american speech , culture, and everything inbetween will certainly have their minds made up at the end of this movie.robbie magasiva always looks good on screen , but is let down by the script..it always rubs me up the wrong way when a "comedy" has scenes that are set up in such an obvious way, you are left feeling like having a good groan at the clichéd punchline - see the wanna be white boy...i know someone who found this movie hilarious -however, that person has the brains of a tadpole, and would struggle to spell her name if offered a million dollars....that kinda sums up the mentality of this flick , ok but not great , fun but not funny.....wake up nz - this is not a 5 star movie despite all the glowing (middle class white guilt ?? :-) ) reviews....my advice ? if you watch it, get drunk first!!!

probably new zealands worst movie ever madethe jokes they are not funny. used from other movies & just plain corny the acting is bad even though there is a great castthe story is uninteresting & boring has more cheese then pizza huts cheese lovers pizza kind of like the acting has been do 1,000 times beforei watched this when it came on tv but was so boring could only stand 30 minutes of it. this movie sucksdo not watch it, watch paint dry instead

it seems to me, as a recent film school graduate, that in these times of new zealand film reaching new heights, the general public seems to think every new zealand film made is great. sione's wedding proves this is dead wrong.it's completely overrated and not funny, and far from the 'hilarious' film other users of imdb have commented. the only really funny thing i found in this film was derek the wannabe black guy, but other than that the jokes were recycled crap that we'd all heard before.being of half-samoan decent, i wanted to see how the film was going to deal with polynesian representation. it was a complete balls-up - i know it's a supposed comedy, but i didn't feel like the characters had anything new to say about polynesian identity, even if it was in a tongue-in-cheek manner. i was most disappointed with the ending of the film and the resolution of the character's relationships - mikaele was the player who only messed around with white women, comes to slightly turn his ways when the 'dusky maiden' comes to town, has an epiphany that maybe he should start looking for a stable relationship, then at the very last minute rejects it and accepts his position as a polynesian playboy for palagi women. i didn't understand why they did this.all in all, it was very disappointing. my whole family went to see it expecting to have a good laugh, but ended up being really bitter about paying to see it at the cinema. the jokes are lame at best, the acting, particularly of sefa's girlfriend, appalling, and honestly i would've been happy if i had got my hands on one of those pirated copies of the film to save myself the $15 ticket price.i think the only good thing to come from the movie is that it's the second step (behind no. 2, of course, a far superior film to this one) in the birth of polynesian cinema. i hope pacific filmmakers in the future can learn from sione's wedding in how to not reflect polynesia and have something more meaningful and sensible to say. even if it is done in a comedic fashion.

the clichéd polynesian males drink, fight and make a stream of sexist, stupid and unfunny remarks. real life polynesians are much funnier than these stereotyped, cardboard characters. the supposedly samoan girl didn't look or act samoan at all, seemed more like the stock white female who has sex with anyone on a whim. with weak as water story lines you can't say anything about the acting - even the most brilliant actors could do nothing with this script. it's sad to see polynesian actors willing to play such sad stereotypes in a film with not one good scene, and only two or three 'jokes'. what a waste of kiwi taxpayers' money, what a lost opportunity to make a great film about a vibrant community. it's better not to make movies if they're as bad and mindless as this.

not only does this movie have a poor plot, bad direction, and terrible acting, its opens up a whole new meaning to racism.in this film "white" chicks are the sluts, "white" boys are the wana-be gangsters, and successful (yes again) "white" businessmen are revolting toilet shitters.i just wonder what would happen if i made the exact same movie with the exact same story line and script, only i made it about caucasians. "he dude, its good to finally see your've stopped dating those black chicks".nobody seems to notice it, but watch this film again and you'll vomit at how they have portrayed the new zealand "white boys". all of a sudden its white folks who are the main cause of gang aggression, and whores out for a quick bang. only samoans girls have a heart, there's no such thing as a non-slutty white girl.it disgusts me that they couldn't make this film without giving the caucasian community in new zealand a repulsive profile. if you think i'm overgeneralizing, go watch this film, and see what you make of the "white boys". just because samoans choose to call us "white boys" in actual life, doesn't mean its funny. if i said hey black boy i'll loose my teeth.don't see this movie. don't waste your money. don't be racist.

no artful writeup here because it doesn't deserve one. not an art film. not even one of those 'hidden' gems. you know, like those movies you hear about through a friend who saw this amazing movie downtown where they show all the good independents and art films.just pack it into the christmas boxes, and dispose of quickly.

this series had potential, but i suppose the budget wouldn't allow it to see that potential. an interesting setup, not dissimilar to "lost" it falls flat after the 1st episode. the whole series, 6 episodes, could have made a compelling 90 minute film, but the makers chose to drag it on and on. many of the scenes were unbearably slow and long without moving the action forward. the music was very annoying and did not work overall. there were few characters we cared about as their characters did not grow during the time frame--- well, one grew a bit. the ending was as terrible as the rest of series. the only kudos here is to the art dept and set dressers, they created an interesting look, too bad the writer and director lacked the foresight to do something interesting with that element

this pile of sh!t is tied in my book as the worst thing ever made. i can't believe that someone actually relased this crap, let alone acually made it. horrible, horrible, horrible. not even worth mentioning the damn story or any details about it. that's how bad it actually is. avoid it like sars!

i've never actually seen this film but can tell you one thing about its production. while a comedy/oldies radio dj in 1988, i got a call from the production company. they asked if i'd write and record a bit they'd drop into the soundtrack as sounds eminating from a tv (the television screen itself would never be shown). i said sure, wrote a parody of '50s sci-fi monster clichés, rounded up some sound effects and called in another dj, pam landry, to play the female part. as she happened to be on the air at the time, she put on a long song, joined me at the mike in the production room and we cut the voicetrack in a single take. giggling, she then went back to her show while i mixed in the goofy sound effects. we'd have never done it if we'd known that "woodchipper massacre" was going to be such a turkey -- but, then again, we never got paid for our efforts, either! -- gary theroux

what a huge pile of dung. shot-on-video (really crappy camcorder, not digital) pile of garbage. it is without a doubt, the stupidest thing ever made. the fact that this crap was actually released is completely asanine. everyone who sees it will become stupider for having watched it. seriously. i felt like it killed several brain cells after i watched this garbage. the positive reviews of this a$$crap were obviously made by the "filmmaker" (and i use the term very loosely) himself and/or his family and friends because no normal person with the intelligence of a squirrel would honestly like this waste of life. trust me, stay the hell away from this video. you'll thank me for it. avoid it like herpes.

the only reason i even gave it a 1 out of 10 is because the option to give it zero out of 10 was not allowed. this was the biggest waste of time i've ever endured. for roughly 75 minutes, you are subjected to the worst acting (and i don't mean that in a good way either, like as in killer nerd which had great horrible acting) and a plot that is not only ridiculous but also has absolutely nothing to do with a massacre. the reason i even rented this piece of crap was because it has massacre in the title. that said, there was only one killing in the entire movie and it was pretty lame at that. you spend more time watching the kids bickering and doing yard work than anything. speaking of the kids, the little boy actor is probably the most irritating child actor since bob from house by the cemetery. did i mention it was shot on video as well? if you want to throw away money and over an hour of your life, then by all means watch it. but if you savor your hard earned dollars and time, then stray as far away as possible.

believe it or not, "the woodchipper massacre" gave me full-blown gonorrhea! that's right, i've got a rainbow of discharge spewing from me just because a group of kids went playing around with a camcorder and somehow made a deal with the devil and got distribution. it's beyond my comprehension how anyone with moderate intelligence could tolerate this pant-load of a film. the only reason i managed to sit through the whole thing (not without several suicide attempts along the way) was because, well first off, i was delirious with boredom, and second - i guess i wanted to further explore this newly discovered type of hate i was experiencing... this movie is a 'shot-on-video' "horror/comedy" about three siblings who are left for the weekend in the care of their bitchy elderly aunt. the youngest kid ends up stabbing the old lady accidentally with his rambo-replica hunting knife. they then get to dismembering auntie with various tools (apparently she didn't have a single drop of blood in her body!) and heave her into their dad's rented wood chipper... her convict son then stops by looking for his mom and the kids end up grinding that jackass too... i don't recall ever seeing a cast of annoying actors that actually caused me nausea. seriously, that one blond chick's voice had me wincing in pain constantly. all of the actors were downright atrocious - literally just screaming their phony sounding dialog and cracking jokes that must've been written by a chimp that just didn't care! now, i can usually appreciate independent efforts, but only from those who can realize that people other than their relatives might be watching this! i don't need to see a 3 minute shot of a car pulling out of a drive-way and a torturous, painfully long lawn grooming montage with some ridiculous, fluttery music playing over it. plus, why the hell does the box of this movie have a bloody piano on it?! there was a piano in one scene and no one is killed near it! i'm through with reminiscing about this movie. unless you like insufferable crap, i would advise anyone with half a brain to avoid this trash.

i saw this film awhile back (while working on a trailer for the film's production company) and it was terrible. hewitt is mediocre at best, hopkins phones his performance in (but still blows away hewitt in their scenes together) and alec looks bored. trust me on this: you should avoid this film like the plague if it ever gets released. it seems to go on forever as the tired plot unfolds at a snail's pace. it is relentlessly unfunny, the cinematography is crappy and the direction is pedestrian. alec baldwin should go to film school if he plans to direct again. in terms of his acting, his character is totally unlikable, which makes it impossible to root for him. dan ackroyd is pretty funny and the surprising makeup of the jury near the film's end is cute, but this film is just plain awful.

this is one of those films that i remember being in the can for years before anything happening w/it. i don't think it's terrible, but it's not really good either. alec baldwin was pretty good, but the plot is it kind of flimsy at best. the cast is pretty good in what they're given, but again you are only as good as the script. baldwin directing this although i could have sworn he didn't direct all of it, i thought i read somewhere or lots of re-shoots wasn't bad but he definitely has some potential in there. although his work on "30 rock" is nothing short of genius & should keep him busy for a little while longer. i just hope the show bows out gracefully a la seinfeld, but maybe not even that long. 9 years it went. so if you want to see a film that you won't get much from, but won't really hate either well this is for you. i can't remember the last time a film had been wrapped so long before finally being released & only on dvd at that. it was nice to see alec baldwin & anthony hopkins again together since their excellent yet not much people have seen "the edge." now pick up that excellent film for some real entertainment.

the most horrible retelling of a great series. it should not have been named battlestar galactica, because it's only the same in name alone. too many changes to just have changes. you have characters turned from male to female, black to asian to cylon all in a way to "attract female audiences," when there was already strong female characters that could have just been made stronger. gone are the egyptian feeling. gone are the quest for earth. the lack of cylons to go to terminator rejects takes away from the film, especially when one is made a fembot. granted the original show had a lot of cheese to it, but it had a large following. they tried to hold onto this following but give the fans nothing to work with and basically spit in their face as they make it "their own story." changes are good, when they make something better, not to just make them.

rating: 4 out of 10as this mini-series approached, and we were well aware of it for the last six months as sci-fi channel continued to pepper their shows with bg ads, i confess that i felt a growing unease as i learned more.as with any work of cinematic art which has stood up to some test of time, different people go to it to see different things. in this regard, when people think of battlestar galactica, they remember different things. for some it is the chromium warriors with the oscillating red light in their visor. for others, it is the fondness that they held for special effects that were quite evolutionary for their time. many forget the state of special effects during the late 70s, especially those on television. for some the memories resolve around the story arc. others still remember the relationships how how the relationships themselves helped overcome the challenges that they faced.frankly, i come from the latter group. the core of battlestar galactica was the people that pulled together to save one another from an evil empire. yes, evil. the cylons had nothing to gain but the extermination of the human race yet they did it. while base stars were swirling around, men and women came together to face an enemy with virtually unlimited resources, and somehow they managed to survive until the next show. they didn't survive because they had better technology, or more fire power. they survived because they cared for and trusted each other to get through to the next show.the show had its flaws, and at times was sappy, but they were people you could care about.the writers of this current rendition seemed to never understand this. in some ways he took the least significant part of the original show, the character's names and a take on the story arc and crafted what they called nothing less than a reinvention of television science fiction. since that was their goal, they can be judged on how well they accomplished it: failure. it was far from a reinvention. in fact it was in many ways one of the most derivitive of science fiction endeavors in a long time. it borrows liberally from st:tng, st:ds9, babylon 5, and even battlefield earth. i find that unfortunate.ronald d. moore has been a contributor to popular science fiction for more than a decade, and has made contribution to some of the most popular television science fiction that you could hope to see. one of the difficulties that he appears to have had was that there could be no conflict in the bridge crew of the enterprise d & e. that was the inviolable rule of roddenberry's st:tng. like many who have lived under that rules of others who then take every opportunity to break the rules when they are no longer under that authority, ron moore seems to have forgotten some of the lessons he learned under the acknowledged science fiction master: gene roddenberry. here, instead of writing the best story possible, he has created a dysfuntional cast as i have ever seen with the intent of creating as much cast conflict as he could. besides being dysfunctional, some of it was not the least bit believable. anyone who has ever been in the military knows that someone unprovokedly striking a superior officer would not get just a couple of days "in hack," they could have gotten execution, and they never would have gotten out the next day. it wouldn't have happened, period, especially in time of war.the thing that i remembered most of ron moore's earlier work was that he was the one who penned the death of capt. james kirk. he killed capt. kirk, and, alas for me, he has killed battlestar galactica.

i have yesterday seen the second part. and i must say, it was actually better then the first one. at the begin, i realized, it is actually a sequel, not a remake but not a good one. i do not like the old movies and series of galactica, because the cylons saw like toasters (just as it was mentioned in this new movie) and were completely harmless for the old galactica. this movie turns the sides - the humans were harmless but the whole movie was for me completely chaotic and stupid. many scenes were unnecessary, for instance the story of the "computer expert" - completely a crap. if i were a scriptwriter i would leave him die in his house, killed by the cylon woman. and the evacuation from the planet? oh, please if it would be bombed by 50 megatons (why exactly 50 mt??) nukes, they would be dead killed by the radiation. and how is it actually possible that the big fleet of cylon was completely hidden before the attack? aha, it was possibly this computer virus, created by the cylon - the script was probably written by ten-years-old school boy. the good side of the movie is, that the humans are at last defeated!! really defeated, the population is near the extinction (children are dieing - two times explicit in the movie: 1. a baby!!! maybe one month old and a girl in age of max ten - what a violence...). and the bad-asses won and i think it is the first time in such sci-fi galaxy fight movie. i also appreciate the design of the cylons (not only of the humanoid cylon:-) a good job with these ships - i like the design of the ships by both of them - human an cylons. the human ships are a good never version of the old ones. and galactica - really pretty with these docks, i liked that. but this is all, only the design is not enough. the acting was really bad, the whole plot was expectable (only two things not - the human-cylon on the ragnardocks and the human-cylon at the end).the dialogs were trivial (and in the slovak dabbing just stupid, but that is not fault of the movie). the whole movie looked like a pilot film for a series, but who would shoot such series? what it would be about? one star for the design the second one for the near extinction of humanity.

i fail to see the appeal of this series (which is supposed to be sci-fi). it's really just "let's see what soap operatically happens this week" and oh, the cylons are involved through flashbacks.the cylon "babe" that keeps nailing the other guy is pretty lame, it's pretty obvious that t&a was added to the show. every time she pops up i'm bewildered as to wtf is supposed to be going on. and don't even try to bullsh*t me about "story arcs".it's a soap opera with some cgi thrown-in. this is not science fiction aside from the original premise.this series is not everything it's worked-up to be. if you like trendy, edgy, dodgy, jumpy, vague editor-on-crack camera work, this show might be for you. since nerds seem to be raving about this show, it's a clear indication that vocal nerds' opinions have been changed from picard's tng.

sorry, but every time i see a film wherein a woman sucker-punches a man and the man does nothing but cower, the film looses all credibility. so the new (female) starbuck immediately tainted the plot before it even got off the ground (no pun intended). dirk benedict was so much more plausible as the sensitive hero-type than the new-age kattee sackhoff-- whose overacting will probably be henceforth lauded as "a compelling, exciting, must-see, ground-breaking performance," by the politically correct new-speak of today's review copy editors; but in essence, it is just a tired, old image of a woman with a chip on her shoulder as big as a townhouse: the biggest cliché on screens today. i may give this series one more shot, but human caricatures alone will not keep me tuned in. as james hilton once bemoaned, "a story, please; just give me a story."

avoid this one, unless you want to watch an expensive but badly made movie. example? the sound is good but the dialogue is not clear - a cardinal sin in a french film.this film attempts to combine western, drug intrigue and ancien regime costume epic. what? well, consider this. the cowboy music is hilarious during sword fights. or how about the woman in her underwear, holding a knife and jumping up and down on the bed?someone should do a 'what's up tiger lily' on this bomb. rewrite the script and then either dub or subtitle it. heck, it's almost that now. (btw, gerard depardieu and carole bouquet, both known to american audiences, have roles.)

this is one of the worst movies i saw! i dunno what are the reasons for shoting suck a crap. don't waste your time watching this. good actors, but extremely bad screenplay and dialogues. hope there'll be no blanche 2 :-) avoid this movie by all means!

i went to see this a few days ago, and it's hard to forget that film...for the wrong reasons. this film is supposed to be funny, it's not, not a single laugh in the theatre( perhaps for josé garcia and gérard depardieu ), and it's boring, boring, boring. it was even hard sometimes to understand what they were saying. they just talk to fast and don't open their enough for us to understand. i was with a friend and more than 4 or 5 times i caught myself saying after a line that was supposed to be funny " what, what did he say", and i'm french. i hate to say that, given the fact that i think good films are made here, but i apologise in advance for all foreigners who will go see the film ( if ever shown outside of france ).we're deeply sorry for that cr@p. 2/10

after watching the first 20mn of blanche(sorry i couldn't take more of it), i have now confirmed she does not. basically, this "movie" is an insult to the real french actors participating in this farcical piece of junk. it starts from a concept successfully used in french comedies ("deux heures moins le quart avant jesus christ", "la folie des grandeurs",...): a historical movie with anachronic tone / dialogues. this can give brilliant results if supported by brilliant actors and a "finesse" of direction avoiding the dreaded "heavy comedy" stigma.unfortunately, the horsey-faced lou doillon ruins everything and blanche, instead of a comedy, just turns into an horror movie. horror to cinephiles who want to be puzzled and shocked watching fine actors such as decaune, zem or rochefort struggling in the middle of this gaudy burlesque kitchy-prissy farce.

i completely agree with the other comment someone should do a what's up tiger lily with this film.it has to be one of the worst french films i've seen in a long time (actually along with brotherwood of the wolves, 2 horrendous films in a much too short period of time).it's really sad because the cast is really interesting and the original idea kind of fun. antoine decaunes in particular and jean rochefort being among my darlings, i was bitterly disappointed to see them compromised in such a poor film.lou doyon is quite bad, as usual which goes to prove that a pretty face and famous parents can get you into the movies but they don't necessarily give you talent.avoid this film, if you want to laugh watch an alain chabat instead or some nice period piece full of fun like la fille de d'artagnan.

how can such good actors like jean rochefort and carole bouquet could have been involved in such a... a... well, such a thing ? i can't get it. it was awful, very baldy played (but some of the few leading roles), the jokes are dumb and absolutely not funny... i won't talk more about this movie, except for one little piece of advice : do not go see it, it will be a waste of time and money.

the japanese have always had incredible ambitions in their fantasy movies. they have always been ready to destroy cities by huge plastic monsters coming from outer space and elsewhere. the problem is they have never had the money to succeed in making convincing special effects. this film, released in france under the title les envahisseurs de l'espace, is no exception. its ambition is to show three creatures from the giant octopus to the giant lobster trying to have the upper hand on the humans. it's extremely awkward and laughable, but well quite enjoyable too. after all, we do like these creatures and these films after all, don't we?

i usually check out the mtv movie awards to watch a witty, entertaining show that delivers a unique award show (chewbacca winning a life-time achievement award as example). so this year was no different. while i'm not a fan of justin timberlake, seann william scott has always been funny-albiet stupid-to me. i've laughed at stiffler in both american pie movies, and even enjoyed him in dude where's my car?. but the mtv movie awards were simply horrible. nothing was coherrent, humorous, or entertaining. justin timberlake should stick to singing and dancing; he sure as hell can't act.i'm curious as to who the writers were for this show. last year's performance by jack black and sarah michelle gellar was extremly funny (the lord of the rings parody alone was worth watching the entire show), but this year was completly different. did anyone understand timberlake's comments regarding luke wilson and kate hudson ("they're staring in a movie together, but have never met! here they are...") where was the joke? kate and luke just went into their lame dialogue, never making a reference to the "joke" by timberlake. and seann was completly wasted as a talent, not even causing me to smile, yet alone laugh. and what was the point of harrison ford's one-liners? did they make any sense to anyone? perhaps the mtv writers figured the young viewers would only know the aging ford as han solo, indiania jones, or the president from air force one. i'm baffled. and would someone tell me the deal with adrian brody? how old is this guy and how old does he think he is? the guy looks 30, trying to act 19 again....give it up, show some class (like in your best actor academy award speech) and act your age!i give this show 1 star out of 4, simply because of the speech by gollam for best visual performance. this was very creative, extremely well done, and caused the only genuine laugh of the entire evening.

this was the worst mtv movie awards ever!!! i barely laughed, none of the presenters were funny, the hosts really sucked, and the parodies weren't so great either. why can't we go back to the good olden days when the show was a riot?

what a great word "re-imagining" is. isn't that what they call dawn of the dead mmiv (2004)? a clever word indeed - it disguises the term that everyone has grown to hate, "remake" that is, and makes it almost sound as if the process of making one was creative and involved the imagination. well, damn, was i misled. at least i was seduced more by the thought of countless gore and unbridled violence than by the idea of "re-imagining," though it played a role.still, why make a remake? directors do it for only a few reasons really: to update a movie for a modern audience, or because they personally love the original and want to make a tribute to it. an homage, if you will. nonetheless, it all generally (i do admit exceptions) boils down to one thing: stealing someone's idea and reshaping it (or "re-imagining" it) so that those who would never see it or understand it would pay money to see it. it's like coles'/cliffs' notes; dump everything in a blender, purify all that is more puzzling and curious and throw in a few artificial flavors. in other words, a great marketing scheme.so what's wrong with this one? well, i'll start with what i liked. i liked the opening scenes. thanks to cgi and a bigger budget we could actually get a grasp of the chaos of the zombie holocaust romero tried to communicate in the original through minimalist means. we see the city in ruins, thousands of zombies: chaos and death. two words that look beautiful on screen. then it all falls apart.this set-up leads nowhere. the movie does what almost every remake does. it adds more of everything except character, atmosphere, and story. it's noisier, (in some sense) bloodier, and more full of main characters who appear only to die in nonsensical subplots. the setting, the mall which played a crucial role in the original film's story and theme, is purely coincidental. the idea communicated in romero's film, the pure ecstatic joy of having "a mall all to yourself as a fortress," is gone here. further, this "re-imagining" has no moxie, no spirit, no balls. it assumes (probably quite rightly) that the audience has no attention span and doesn't bother to get us interested in the characters or the story. the film is rushed and misses the quieter interactions of the four characters of the original. you actually grew to care about those people in romero's version because there was a certain realism to their existence despite the insanity outside the mall. here, you don't care when or who goes: what matters is how they go.what else is their to say? the film is not scary. it has one or two "jump" scenes and it tries to make up for the rest with gore and loud special effects. as a story it's really too choppy to be followed and the conflicts between the characters are too underdeveloped to save it. the humor is also reduced to a few one-liners (and one really good character: andy). after that, what remains? an ending that is plainly ridiculous and far inferior to the subdued, inevitable ambiguity of the original film. but, despite it being a pretty bad film (though not quite as bad as some other remakes), it should be remembered for one thing: it kicked the passion of christ from it's number one spot in the box office. well done zombies.

i watched this with a growing sense of unease. why would god, in the shape of ian hunter, help these particular people in their attempted escape from devils island ? and what was he doing there in the first place ? i mean, i know god works in mysterious ways, but helping thieves and murderers and prostitutes find redemption, forgiveness and changes-of-heart in such a godforsaken location.... in any event it is hardly a likeable movie. whatever gable had by way of charm is missing in this portrait of a thoroughly selfish man, crawford is as endearing as ever she was i.e. to me, not at all, and the whole look of the film makes it seem as if it was made 10 years before.compared to contemperaneous films like "stagecoach" and "mr. deeds goes to town", this looks prehistoric.

hollywood always had trouble coming to terms with a "religious picture." strange cargo proves to be no exception. although utilizing the talents of a superb cast, and produced on a top budget, with suitably moody photography by robert planck, the movie fails dismally on the credibility score. perhaps the reason is that the film seems so realistic that the sudden intrusion of fantasy elements upsets the viewer's involvement in the action and with the fate of the characters. i found it difficult to sit still through all the contrived metaphors, parallels and biblical references, and impossible to accept bathed-in-light ian hunter's smug know-it-all as a christ figure. and the censors in boston, detroit and providence at least agreed with me. the movie was banned. few boston/detroit/providence moviegoers, if any, complained or journeyed to other cities because it was obvious from the trailer that gable and crawford had somehow become involved in a "message picture." it flopped everywhere.oddly enough, the movie has enjoyed something of a revival on tv. a home atmosphere appears to make the movie's allegory more receptive to viewers. however, despite its growing reputation as a strange or unusual film, the plot of this strange cargo flows along predictable, heavily moralistic lines that will have no-one guessing how the principal characters will eventually come to terms with destiny.

this film is pure 'hollywood hokum'. it is based upon a novel called 'not too narrow … not too deep' by richard sale, which may or may not have been interesting; it would take research to find out! the story in the film takes for granted many incidents and much background which obviously existed in the novel but are nowhere to be seen in the film, so either the film was savagely cut or the screenplay was a mess from the start. there is not one millisecond in this film which is remotely realistic, either in terms of events or characters. it is pure hollywood fantasy in every respect. two well-known actors, paul lukas and peter lorre, are so under-used and wasted that there was no point in their being in the film at all. they must have been thrown into the mix in the manner in which one adds a sprinkling of chopped chives to an omelette, hoping that the flavour will be enhanced. the film is a ponderous attempt at producing a 'morality tale', and is so corny that it is laughable. the story concerns some hardened criminals imprisoned in french guiana who want to escape from their french colonial prison through a jungle (very much a hollywood set jungle, with a rubber snake). naturally there has to be a woman in the story, so joan crawford hams it up as a down-on-her-luck tramp who for some reason becomes irresistible to clark gable, one of the escaped criminals. crawford in escaping through the jungle wears high-heeled shoes and keeps her makeup fresh. gable flirts and grimaces and makes mawkish expressions, crinkling his brow as was his wont, smirking and looking suggestively at everybody, which was his manner of acting. it is hard to treat such a character as a hardened criminal when he is always trying so hard to be clark gable that surely he hasn't any time left to be a thief. (attention-seekers are by definition too busy to steal and unsuited to a task which requires that people not see them.) the whole escapade is so ridiculous that it can only be regarded as light entertainment. an attempt at religiosity and 'depth' is made by injecting into the story a mysterious 'angel of mercy' who voluntarily walks into the prison and pretends to be an inmate. he helps in the escape and accompanies all the criminals and ministers to their various deaths, helping them to find 'peace' in their last gasps. this character is played very well by ian hunter, who retains throughout a convincing air of secret knowledge, smiles enigmatically, makes cryptic prophetic remarks, and has a small spot trained on his face to give him a heavenly glow. the theme is meant to be redemption. you might call it the donald duck version of 'hollywood goes moral and gets heavy'. for real depth, hitchcock's 'i confess' of 1953 shows how it should really be done. by contrast, this piece of trivial nonsense shows just how bare the cupboards of meaning were in tinsel town, and that when they went rummaging for something that might mean something, all they could come up with was, you guessed it, more tinsel.

this is really a new low in entertainment. even though there are a lot worse movies out.in the gangster / drug scene genre it is hard to have a convincing storyline (this movies does not, i mean sebastians motives for example couldn't be more far fetched and worn out cliché.) then you would also need a setting of character relationships that is believable (this movie does not.) sure tristan is drawn away from his family but why was that again? what's the deal with his father again that he has to ask permission to go out at his age? interesting picture though to ask about the lack and need of rebellious behavior of kids in upper class family. but this movie does not go in this direction. even though there would be the potential judging by the random backflashes. wasn't he already down and out, why does he do it again? so there are some interesting questions brought up here for a solid socially critic drama (but then again, this movie is just not, because of focusing on "cool" production techniques and special effects an not giving the characters a moment to reflect and most of all forcing the story along the path where they want it to be and not paying attention to let the story breath and naturally evolve.) it wants to be a drama to not glorify abuse of substances and violence (would be political incorrect these days, wouldn't it?) but on the other hand it is nothing more then a cheap action movie (like there are so so many out there) with an average set of actors and a vinnie jones who is managing to not totally ruin what's left of his reputation by doing what he always does.so all in all i .. just ... can't recommend it.1 for vinnie and 2 for the editing.

hollywood, the home of hype, glamor and the search for profits, is scarcely ruled by spiritual values, and so it comes as no surprise that its attempts at investigations of the spiritual life are thin and often silly (better to go farther afield--to the films of bresson, dreyer, rossellini and bergman, for probing depictions of the spirituality). "strange cargo" is no exception. this odd hybrid of adventure film, love story and religious parable trivializes the very insights it tries to communicate. that a figure of providence and salvation would work to match verne (clark gable at his most cockily mannered and self-regarding) and julie (joan crawford, snarling and spitting out every other word in an attempt to be the queen of tough dames) seems ludicrous at best. is this the patron saint of the star system at work, matching warring egos before sending them off to further penal servitude on the m-g-m lot? but. . .there are good supporting performances here, and visually arresting moments: the shadowy prison barracks; the escaping boat by moonlight, or against a painterly cloudscape; julie walking along the seafront as the wind whips up; julie and monsieur pig (peter lorre) bargaining for verne's freedom as the storm builds; an unusually ennobling gay prison romance between two convicts. . .above all, there is paul lukas's dignified and detached performance as hessler, a murderer who can appreciate cambreau's virtues, yet turns his back on him. in the film's most arresting moment, hessler, having left cambreau, stands outside the cabin. we hear the wind through the jungle, see the shadows on his face, which conveys a moment of fear and self-doubt. then he exits into the night. in this moment, hessler achieves an ambiguity, depth and existential strength that none of the other characters manage to achieve. is the film's secret that its deepest sympathies are allied with hessler?

i didn't see they call me trinity, but this sequel is really unfunny at all. it has many gags that are supposed to make people laugh. i guess the filmmaker just don't have the talent to do it right. wonder why it was so popular in the 70s.

i have seen this movie and the other one. trinity is my name and i find that this one is worse then the first one. i have no idea why they even made another movie it was stupid and pointless sorry to say that i have all of them. i have sat through them number of times and it still drives me to turn it off 5 minutes into the movie. i like terence hill movies and i like bud spencer but this movie just drove me up the wall. if it had a different story line or at least more of a plot and more comedy it might have been funner and worth the 5 dollars i spent buying all the movies. but you make mistakes so i would say save your money and don't bye this movie or any of the ones that go with it trust me on this one.

(aka: trinity is still my name) this sequel looks like it was done to capitalize on the outstanding european box-office success of they call me trinity, only this time joseph e. levine and avco-embassy pictures wanted to capitalize on it in america as well. too bad they didn't get very far since the hill/spencer pictures have had only had marginal success here in the u.s., and this largely boring, drawn-out film doesn't help it out any.trinity and bambino swear to their dying father (harry carey jr.) that they will become successful outlaws and take care of each other. they later get involved with arms-traffickers who smuggle guns out of a monastery, and who mistakenly think they're a pair of federal agents. it all winds up falling flat in spite of a couple of funny scenes, especially the one where trinity and bambino are in a fancy french restaurant and don't know how to carry themselves. and the scenes with the card sharks was mildly humorous as well.the opening title music sung by gene roman sounds like a fair bobby goldsboro-like early 70s pop song while the music cues sprinkled throughout the movie are pretty good. not sure if i'd want to buy the cd soundtrack of it but some others might.the film could have had a half hour whacked off of it and it wouldn't have dragged on for so long. it looks like a lot of scenery is being chewed up here. in fact, i lost interest in it about 2/3rds of the way through. the dvd is also terrible, with a constant hum in the soundtrack and a poor print that looks like it should have been sent to that great scrap heap in the sky.a big step down from the previous film.4 out of 10

the author of numerous novels, plays, and short stories, w. somerset maugham (1874-1965) was considered among the world's great authors during his lifetime, and although his reputation has faded over the years his work continues to command critical respect and a large reading public. published in 1944, the razor's edge is the tale of a world war i veteran whose search for spiritual enlightenment flies in the face of shallow western values. it was maugham's last major novel--and it was immensely popular. given that the novel's conflicts are internalized spiritual and philosophical issues, it was also an extremely odd choice for a film version--but darryl f. zannuck of 20th century fox fell in love with the book and snapped up the screen rights shortly after publication.according to film lore, the razor's edge was to be directed by the legendary george cukor from a screenplay by maugham himself--and it does seem that maugham wrote an adaptation. when the film went into production, however, cukor was replaced by edmund goulding, a director less known for artistic touch than a workman-like manner, and the maugham script was replaced with one by lamar trotti, the author of such memorable screenplays as the oxbow incident. tyrone power, recently returned from military service during world war ii, was cast as the spiritually conflicted larry darrell; gene tierney, one of the great beauties of her era, was cast as socialite isabell bradley. the supporting cast was particularly notable, including herbert marshall, anne baxter, clifton webb, lucille watson, and elsa lanchester. both budget and shooting schedule were lavish, and when the film debuted in 1946 it was greatly admired by public and critics alike.but time has a way of putting things into perspective. seen today, the razor's edge is indeed a beautifully produced film--but that aside the absolute best one can say for it is that it achieves a fairly consistent mediocrity. as in most cases, the major problem is the script. although it is reasonably close to maugham's novel in terms of plot, it is noticeably off the mark in terms of character and it completely fails to capture the fundamental issues that drive the story. we are told that larry is in search of enlightenment; we are told that he receives it; we are told he acts on it--but in spite of the occasional and largely superficial comment we are never really told anything about the spiritual, artistic, philosophical, and intellectual processes behind any of it. we are most particularly never told anything significant about the nature of the enlightenment itself. it has the effect of cutting off the story at its knees.we are left with the shell of maugham's plot, which centers on the relationship between larry and isabell, a woman larry loves but leaves due to the growing ideological riff that opens up between them. tyrone power and gene tierney were more noted for physical beauty than talent, but both could turn in good performances when they received solid directorial and script support. unfortunately, that does not happen here; they are extremely one-note and power is greatly miscast to boot. fortunately, the supporting cast is quite good, with herbert marshall, clifton webb, and lucille watson particularly so; the then-famous performance by anne baxter, however, has not worn as well as one would hope.with a running time of just under two and a half hours, the film also feels unnecessarily long. there is seemingly endless cocktail party-type banter, and indeed the entire india sequence (which reads as faintly hilarious) would have been better cut entirely--an odd situation, for this is the very sequence intended as the crux of the entire film. regardless of the specific scene, it all just seems to go on and on to no actual point.as for the dvd itself, the film has not been remastered, but the print is extremely good, and while the bonus package isn't particularly memorable neither is noticeably poor. when all is said and done, i give the razor's edge four stars for production values and everyone's willingness to take on the material--but frankly, this a film best left power and tierney fans, who will enjoy it for the sake of the stars, and those whose ideas about spiritual enlightenment are as vague as the film itself.gft, amazon reviewer

what if somerset maugham had written a novel about a coal miner who decided to search for transcendental enlightenment by trying to join a country club? if he had, he could have called it the razor's edge, since the katha-upanishad tells us, "the sharp edge of a razor is difficult to pass over; thus the wise say the path to salvation is hard." but maugham decided to stick with the well-bred class, and so we have darryl f. zanuck's version of larry darrell, recently returned from wwi, carefully groomed, well connected in society and determined to find himself by becoming a coal miner. or, as maugham tells us, "this is the young man of whom i write. he is not famous. it may be that when at last his life comes to an end he will leave no more trace of his sojourn on this earth than a stone thrown into a river leaves on the surface of the water. yet it may be that the way of life he has chosen for himself may have an ever growing influence over his fellow men, so that, long after his death, perhaps, it will be realized that lived in this age a very remarkable creature." the razor's edge has all of zanuck's cultural taste that money could buy. it's so earnest, so sincere...so self-important. as larry goes about his search for wisdom, working in mines, on merchant ships, climbing a himalayan mountain to learn from an ancient wise man, we have his selfish girl friend, isabel, played by gene tierney, his tragic childhood chum played by anne baxter, the girlfriend's snobbish and impeccably clad uncle played by clifton webb, and willie maugham himself, played by herbert marshall, taking notes. the movie is so insufferably smug about goodness that the only thing that perks it up a bit is clifton webb as elliot templeton. "if i live to be a hundred i shall never understand how any young man can come to paris without evening clothes." webb has some good lines, but we wind up appreciating clifton webb, not elliot templeton. zanuck wanted a prestige hit for twentieth century when he bought the rights to maugham's novel. he waited a year until tyrone power was released from military service. he made sure there were well-dressed extras by the dozens, a score that sounds as if it were meant for a cathedral and he even wrote some of the scenes himself. the effort is as self-conscious as a fat man wearing a rented tux. despite hollywood's view of things in the razor's edge, i can tell you that for most people hard work doesn't bring enlightenment, just weariness and low pay. after nearly two-and-a-half hours, we last see larry carrying his duffle bag on board a tramp steamer in a gale. he's going to work his way back to america from europe with a contented smile on his face. "my dear," somerset maugham says to isabel at the same time in an elaborately decorated parlor, "larry has found what we all want and what very few of us ever get. i don't think anyone can fail to be better, and nobler, kinder for knowing him. you see, my dear, goodness is after all the greatest force in the world...and he's got it!" larry and the audience both need a healthy dose of dramamine. maugham, lest we forget, was a fine writer of plays, novels, essays and short stories. to see how the movies could do him justice, watch the way some of his short stories were brought to the screen in encore, trio and quartet. and instead of wasting time with larry darrell, spend some time with lawrence durrell. the alexandria quartet is a good read.

mark hamill should have felt mighty embarrassed with corvette summer! this time, he uses a new kind of "force" to regain the possession of his dream machine, a bright red 'vette. it looks like another sour teen-age flick the first half-hour and does a u-turn in heading for the wrong direction. the writing and directing jobs are dreadfully done, with a few scenes you can't hardly take. you're expecting this to happen anyway, and you're also sniffing the smell of late-70s hodgepodge. only a former newcomer like annie potts would easily steal the show and save this poor movie from the repo creeps! her impractical but delightful personality holds on to your interest for good, and this is the finest chance to see her in a swimsuit. hooray for annie! sorry, mark! i guess the force wasn't with you this time around.

this is a pretty bad movie. the plot is sentimental mush. i suppose the production values are ok, decent photography, unobtrusive direction and all that. mark hamill was terrible. i've never cared much for him, and this movie validates that perception. it's no wonder that he never really had any sort of career aside from his "star wars" films. i'll just say "buh-bye, mark" as he sinks into well-deserved obscurity. on the other hand, a very young annie potts utterly stole the show. she showed charm, beauty, and acting chops all in one performance. i remember seeing her in "texasville" recently and taking note of her beauty. it's interesting seeing her from ten years earlier. anyway, unless you are interested in miss potts, run away from this film screaming for the hills.

annie potts is the only highlight in this truly dull film. mark hamill plays a teenager who is really really really upset that someone stole the corvette he and his classmates turned into a hotrod (quite possibly the ugliest looking car to be featured in a movie), and heads off to las vegas with annie to track down the evil genius who has stolen his pride and joy.i would have plucked out my eyes after watching this if it wasn't for the fun of watching annie potts in a very early role, and it's too bad for hamill that he didn't take a few acting lessons from her. danny bonaduce also makes a goofy cameo.

the summer of 1979, when this flick was a staple on that new movie medium called hbo, was gas line summer & iranian hostage crisis summer. a change of mood was about to end low-budget, loner-on-a-mission car films, although "smokey & the bandit" kept need-for-speed flicks going as live-action roadrunner cartoons for a few more years. "corvette summer" is as quirky as any earlier movie like "vanishing point" or "dirty mary, crazy larry," if lighter & sexier than most. just-graduated, high-school automotive genius kenneth (hamill) hitchhikes to vegas in pursuit of the car theft ring that ripped off his shop class masterpiece, a super-custom, right-hand-drive vette. in the spiritual limbo of the i-15 desert (see "fear & loathing in las vegas") he gets into a custom van (yes, this was the tail end of the van craze, too) tricked out as a mobile bordello & driven by sassy, aspiring hooker vanessa (potts), on her way to sin city to make her, well, whatever it is ambitious hookers make. vanessa, get it? shy, innocent kenneth is in way over his head in vegas, with only his all-american resolve & his new friend to help him, although the hard-edged young call girl is predictably less world-wise than she first seems. why, in the "i am woman" age, vanessa invested her talents, money & future in the world's oldest but least dignified profession over, say, college or even hairdressing, can be explained by young men who'd like to think that all women at least consider the joys of that career path. remember the target audience, right? hamill is a good choice for the whitebread kenneth (the car doesn't even belong to him personally, but to his school), who won't be deterred from his goal by violence, money or even love--until he finds out why the car was really stolen. potts acts with style & energy but vanessa is too incredible for any but the most credulous testosterone machine to buy into. the bad guys are made surprisingly human, especially by the always-fine brion james. but there's not much action & this isn't the kind of movie that can be carried by dialog, plot twists or heavy themes. you could always reach up, turn the tv dial & plug in your "pong" console. the similar but meaner chris mitchum vehicle "stingray," which appeared at about the same time, featured lamer acting but more skin, speed & mayhem. the best features of each film might have produced a vette movie worth remembering. thus the trans am was left to rule the box-office muscle car showroom. another forgotten car movie brought back from the dead by "speed channel's" fine weekend series, lost drive-in.

i know no one cares, but i do. this film is historic for one reason. it is the unity of two heroes from two great seventies sci-fi films. well, one is great, and one is quite bad. the great one is truly great, in fact it's the best. the bad one is truly bad, in fact it's the worst. of course of the great i refer to "star wars" and it's star mark hamill, aka "luke skywalker", who is the hero of this film about a kid who gets his vette swiped and then goes to vegas (on a lead) and after a whole lot of adventures, eventually recovers it. (since he's into fixing cars i guess you can call him "lube skywalker"). along the way he meets a hooker with a heart of gold, and ends up facing off with a character played by kim milford, the hero from the seventies sci-fi cult film "laserblast", which is, as i've hinted at earlier, the worst sci-fi film ever made. milford plays the lead baddie whom hamill must steal his car back from. i realize that no one cares about this meeting of two great sci-fi heroes, but i do. and i also must say that this is one of the best/worst movies of all time. mark hamill's acting needs the force, the plot needs extensive jedi training, and the character of the hooker played by annie potts just might be the most annoying character of all time, ever, in any film i've ever seen. but it's a fun movie to watch on a weekend day, or a weekday night, late at night, very late. it's one of those films that meanders, looking for something but without quite finding it and yet, at the same time, it's entire purpose is, like free-form jazz, to simply exist as is. and it does. and what is, isn't that great, but you can't say it isn't entertaining, because for an hour and a half you might feel ripped off, but you won't feel cheated. so turn off your mind, relax, and enjoy this muddled gem without any expectations, and may the force be with you, always.

unless you understand wretched excess this movie won't really mean much to you. an attempt was made to interject a bit of humanity into a cold and bleak period consumed by alcohol and drugs -- it doesn't work.when salma hayak does her big disco number her voice is so obviously dubbed it is pathetic -- the producers could at least have gotten someone that sounded remotely like her.the documentary that has been playing on television lately is far superior and gives a much truer view of that period of our history.no one, with the exception of mikey myers, could be accused of acting; however, he does an incredible job.

me and my girlfriend went to see this movie as a "premiere surprise" that is we bought at ticket to the preview to a movie before it opened here in denmark. we sat through the 1st hour or so and then we left! the point of the movie seemed to be simply to portray the era (and club 54), but it did so at the expence of character development, of which there was none, and plot of which there was little.seldom have i been so indifferent to the characters in a movie!the music was good though. so if you like to hear some good music and get a fix of that 70ies mood i guess it is ok. but don't expect to get a plot of believable characters.

unfortunately this film, 54 was a pathetic attempt of the true story of 'studio 54.' the only thing that was good about the picture was 'mike myers' who was a joy to watch. 'neve cambpell,' although her role was little was unfortunately bad. the bottom line is that this film lacked a good performance from the actors, except one and that the conversion of the true story was a desperate attempt for a good screenplay.

what a waste! this movie could have really been something decent, but the writing, in particular, is crap, and the main characters are rather shallow and uninteresting. mike meyers was good, and the historical recreation of late 70s decadence was well crafted, but overall, this movie was a big waste of time. instead, the movie to watch, that deals with similar themes and the same basic time frame, is the great boogie nights.

"54" is a film based on the infamous "studio 54" of the 1970s - the hangout for the social elite and party clubbers. in the film, ryan phillippe is the main character, based on an actual employee of studio from 1977 - 1982.the film's problem is that it's all glitter and style and no substance. it tries to be a really grimy and probing satire like "boogie nights" but ultimately comes across as an inferior wannabe. mike myers is given the thankless task of playing cocaine-snorting club owner steve rubell. it's only a slightly comedic role and if this was myers' best attempts at sliding into drama like lemmon and other comedic actors did in their time, it's a total failure."54" could have been insightful and interesting but instead it's just another dumb teen flick that isn't entertaining or even remotely engaging. view at your own peril.

54 is a film about a club with that very title in the setting of the 70s era. it features the classic good-looking bartender. the sexy females. the high powered owner. the partying. when all entwined together chaos ensues, and the bartender (played by phillipe) seems to be at the brunt of it all.i'm going to be as blunt and honest as possible, whilst avoiding any outright unfair or untrue comments (like, it's an 'ok' film). i really do find it a completely dire film complimented by it's dire cast. every time i sit down to watch a film casting salma hayek, i am always awaiting to see her beauty, radiantly expressed simultaneously with a great performance, but, reality invariably reminds me quite abruptly how utterly talentless she is. i mean, really, what has she ever bequeathed the masses with, other than her immense table dance in 'from dusk till dawn'...? the same goes for ryan phillippe, another poor actor who gives nothing to the screen but his good looks and insanely dull facade otherwise known as 'acting'. mike myers, isn't quite as bad as these 2, he does at least give the film something worthy. playing the seedy, extroverted co-founder of the 54 club. the type that the majority watching would hate (i.e. job well done), he puts in a somewhat convincing performance that gave me rare enjoyment from the flick. but alas, it is not enough to rescue the film from it's baseless and flat nothingness. most 'bad' bad films i find something to take from the film, but this has nothing to it, really. neve campbell isn't too bad, but she is just 'there'. the storyline is dull, it appears the writer was more bent on making a film of this style and embellishment and forgot to add anything else. any meaning. any class. anything at all. because like most ornaments, they are just hollow pointless objects, that are merely pretty to look at, much akin to the basis of this disastrous film.genuinely an hour and a half of time i could have spent better doing something much more exciting, like talking to 90 year old relatives on the phone about the weather.

if you hit your teens in the 70s, as i did, you probably remember the stories about studio 54 whether or not you liked disco. an exclusive club, it was the perfect symbol of 70s cultural overindulgence and self-absorption; there's even an excellent vh1 documentary about the club that could tell you everything you wanted to know about its heyday, and the stories are easily interesting enough to spawn a very captivating film.sadly, this isn't it. 54 follows the lives of a few of its employees, a bartender named shane (ryan phillippe), a busboy named greg (breckin meyer), his wife, a coat-check girl, anita (selma hayek), and of course the master of ceremonies himself, steve rubell (mike meyers). while the goings-on at the club are well represented, this film concerns itself more with the personal lives of the workers, following shane's story the closest.the movie works in spurts. sometimes it captures perfectly the shallowness of the nightlife culture (such as when shane is taken to a dinner party and doesn't know who 'errol flynt' is), and other times it waxes into hokey melodrama. some of that is inherent in the premise – following the underlings as they mingle in the world of the rich and fabulous – but a lot of it is due to the kid-gloved treatment with which both the club and rubell are given throughout the movie. while rubell certainly electrified the scene in new york with his penchant for over-the-top spectacle and his exclusive hand-picking of the crowds each night, the rampant drugs and sexuality are only briefly touched on; and rubell himself, while his excesses are mentioned, come off oddly positive for a guy who was in life a liar, a cheat, a drug abuser, and promiscuous as all hell. not that i was looking for the man to be pilloried here, but his ego directly contributed to the fall of his club and the diminishing of the nightlife culture he helped to elevate. a final scene where he gazes down at the regulars paternally is so emotionally false as to be patently absurd.meyers does his best to capture rubell, but he's given so little to work with here it's surprising his performance is effective; but he's good, and he helps to anchor the film. philippe, whom i find generally to be a good actor, is hamstrung here by the shallowness and stupidity of his character; he's limited to a deer-in-the-headlights smile or a sullen uncomprehending frown, and even he can't translate that into a strong performance. hayek and meyer are both okay, again, undercut by the writing, and neve campbell – prominently featured on the dvd cover – appears so briefly she really has an extended cameo.for some reason i still find myself interested, even fascinated, by the popular culture of the second half of the seventies. but even given that, this is not a film that particularly engaged me, despite a predisposition to like it. i'd say if that era, or that club, has any interest for you, track down the vh1 special rather than this middle-of-the-road melodrama.

totally forgettable. specially because of the weak acting. this is the first movie i've seen with dax shepard. to my surprise, he's been around since the late 90's. i thought he was a newcomer, since his acting was so bland. i could say the same about liv tyler. although i've seen her do well in other movies, she gave clare cooper a strange personality. liv is not the kind of actress that will give the character a fiery, emotional personality like diane keaton would be able to, but it was pretty strange to see her say her lines in whisper mode. it seemed that altogether there simply wasn't a very good chemistry going on between the actors, and i think diane keaton sensed that as well. she's a fantastic actress, but seemed just a bit over the top in this movie. it felt like she just wanted to get this movie over as soon as possible. i wouldn't blame her.

after seeing the poster from the film smother,i knew i was about to live one of those intolerable film experiences which make me want to take my eyes out.however,i felt a slight optimism because the movie had a solid cast which i thought it was going to rescue the movie.unfortunately that did not happen.smother is a horrible movie,but it is not execrable.that is the best i can say about it.the screenplay from smother (written by the same guys from license to wed,something which explains they have anything but talent for writing movies) is full of cheap and predictable humor.seriously,i did not laugh even once watching this film.besides,the solid cast i previously mentioned is absolutely wasted.after the big number of garbage she has been involved in (like the monumentally atrocious and execrable because i said so),some people may think the career from diane keaton is extinguishing.however,it is impossible for me to forget the excellent performances she has brought in previous decades,on films like annie hall or baby boom.on smother,she makes her best effort with her performance,but her character is so horribly written she cannot do anything with it.dax shepard has left on me a good impression with his solid performances on the films baby mama and idiocracy.however,he does what he can with his character.mike white also makes a good effort,but he does not reach too far away.he is a very talented screenwriter (like he has shown on films like the good girl and school of rock),so i would have liked to see he was one of the screenwriters from this movie,instead of only acting on it.liv tyler suffers from the same situation of all the previously mentioned actors : being wasted.the worst fail from smother is being absolutely boring and unfunny.its screenplay is nothing more than a collection of forced scenes and situations we have seen on sit-coms.stay far away from this crappy comedy.

watching smother was perhaps the longest not-quite-90-minutes of my life. there wasn't a laugh to be had; in fact, i don't remember ever cracking a smile. diane keaton was horridly unfunny as a middle-aged chain-smoking dog hoarder, the textbook overbearing mother character, a relentlessly irritating woman who clearly suffers from some kind of personality disorder. she is manipulative, conniving, melodramatic, childish, narcissistic, and worst of all, boring.i suppose i should briefly mention the other characters, but why bother? it was just a long string of movie clichés--the dippy, socially inept distant relative who's just trying to break into "the industry", the gruff and long-suffering but somehow still lovable father, the mild- mannered wife who just can't take it anymore (but eventually moves beyond the discord and resignedly comes home), the herd of unhousebroken dogs who like to chew throw pillows while everyone is away, etc.god, what a snore. i've never been a diane keaton fan and smother only reminded me why. overacting is overacting, no matter how many pictures you did in your prime. her attempts at physical comedy were especially humiliating. what was the director thinking?while i like dax shepard and can even sometimes tolerate liv tyler, their performances were so lackluster and dull that it was clear that neither actor gave a damn about this movie. that was okay, because neither did i. keaton's endless self-absorbed prattling was intolerable and at times shepard's dislike for her seemed genuine. by the end of the movie i wanted to slap her myself.awful.

ok, not possibly, honestly the worst movie i've ever seen.this made absolutely no sense, there was no plot, no characterization, no acting, just nothing.here's what i thought when i first saw it may 28th, 2003 **caution, this is a spoiler alert. it's also alot of me complaining about how bad the movie is::ok so the movie begins and the characters are introduced, but there is no character explanation. as far as i knew the main character was new to this school, but apparently not. also it appeared that he lived by himself... then that he was a foster kid... then that his mother was a raging alcoholic who lived with him still. also all his friends apparently had no parents and lived by themselves.now we come to a main plot point, this insane guy has broken out of the insane asylum and is running rampant. now our main character is obsessed with this guy and focus' intently on him for the contingency of the movie. i think i must have missed a main plot element here, there was no reason for the main character to get hooked. even if that's the point, having no reason, why do all his friends, who are skeptical like 5 minutes before, suddenly follow him and do what he wants.so the movie continues on, and it gets all right. they're running havoc on the school, blah blah blah. but wait a minute... suddenly everyone knows that the main character is running the 'show' here. wait a second, didn't the insane guy specifically tell the main character not to do that? it was supposed to be anynomous.ah another important plot element has been skipped over... the insane guy was supposed to not be insane... everyone said he wasn't insane. but as the story goes on, he is very clearly out of his mind. but i thought the news people said he wasn't... hm...now the movie comes to a close. that was the close? what the hell was that? not only did the ending not answer any questions about the main character, it didn't answer any questions about the insane guy. are these people in the same situation? if yes, then there are some very basic story lines that do not tend to this. if no then what is the point in saying "that's you in two weeks."??*end of the thing...*that's what i thought then. that is pretty much what i still think now. it's 6 months down the line, and if i can get it for free, i might give it another chance, but i doubt it. i highly doubt it.

the guy did a lot of title design for a bunch of movies and i guess one day he said; i should pick a cheap scenario, try to put as much title in it as a can ( cause after all i'm a title designer ) and try to persuade people that this is in fact a movie. one of the worst i've even seen that's for sure. if you fell the urge to see nice titles, go check out some posters don't waste your time watching this.it kinda ironic don't you think, did you saw the poster? the only part of his project that should had title work done have almost none !

"john hughes' son wrote a high school drama! wow!" i thought as i checked the flick's info here on imdb, late on a saturday night, having found myself watching the opening credits on bbc2.i've just finished watching it, and sadly it was downhill from there on. arguably you can't spoil a film this poor, but i'll leave the spoilers out of this review... there's an awful lot of style over very little substance: unfortunately the style hasn't dated too well in the eight years since its release. as for the substance, the film tries to pose an interesting look at the nature of control in society through the microcosm of school-life; but beneath the shiny veneer, a remotely meaningful or relevant argument fails to materialise. characters are painted in childishly broad strokes, falling into the kind of generic stereotypes the writer's father sought to question in breakfast club. director kyle cooper does a decent job keeping the pace up (perhaps relying a little too much on montages of information, which soon becomes a tiresome device, but at least pushes the story along), but his efforts don't sufficiently detract from the poor script and bizarre casting (how anyone is supposed to side with 'maddox', when blake shields gurns and glowers his way through the part, i just can't understand), not to mention the numerous gaping plot holes (i'm all for creative license, but when the "bad guys" know the identities of the "good guys" making their lives a misery, but fail to act in any way to stop them, you really have to wonder why this script didn't undergo another few re-drafts before production - did daddy even read it?).i'm sure a younger audience might get some enjoyment from this film (and all power to them), but they're really better off sticking with hughes sr.'s high school output, and if the idea of school-time rebellion is what really appeals, the 1968 classic "if..." is a much more satisfying examination of the subject.

ok well i found this movie in my dads old pile of movies and it looked pretty good from the cover but the movie actually sucked!! ok the first story with the swimmer was pretty good but it took a while to get into, then the one with the boy was completely retarded! it wasn't even scary! his dream sounds like a little kid's bedtime story. then the news girls one was completely retarded too. i'm sure someones going to call up the news guy and ask him to go out with you. but that one ended cool where she stabbed him and she was in the hospital and she saw him on t.v and he said all that junk to her. next was that pretty gay story about the guy who brought back the dead people..omg its so stupid i'm not even going to say any more about it.the last one was the best. it wasn't that scary but the idea of the story was pretty cool..uh yeah the girl gets possessed and she kills all her classmates or something. then when they're all done telling their dreams to each other the losers get on the bus (to hell ahahahah) and they see all the people from their dreams on the bus(ha). the end.

going into this i was expecting anything really good, but after the damage this inflexed on me, i'm just happy to think strait. it's hard to think what the film-makers( ha!) this was a good movie. the stories, and i use the world loosely, are incoherent and do make any sense at all. there just stupid things that happen at random. the acting, if can be called acting is horrible i've seen batter acting in toy ads! i know it's a low-budget video-bin garbages, but still even it's not like they tried. will after stetting thought it, i feel very sleepy and still #yawws# do, i'm going to go lie down.warnning: do not atemp to drive, walk, read or do any after watching chillers. other side affectts may enguled lose of any or all metal funkions.

five passengers at a bus depot tell each other their scary dreams while waiting to be picked up. but is there more to these nightmares than meets the eye?lucky me, five bad movies for the price of one! each segment features the very worst in acting, special effects, make up and music. and these were supposed to be scary? hmm.. i think i've been more freaked out during an episode of teletubbies. i swear, you'll sit there like i was, bored to tears waiting in vain for something interesting to happen. don't bother. it never does. in fact, i even stopped fast forwarding the commercials, as they were a good deal more entertaining than the main feature. and the ending is the ultimate cop-out. yep, none of this actually ever happened. if only the same could be said for the day i set my vcr to record this cobblers.. 2/10

chillers starts on a cold, dark stormy night as a bus drops off three passenger's outside a bus station, a young boy named mason (jesse emery), a college professor dr. howard conrow (david wohl) & a woman named sharon phillips (laurie pennington). inside they discover that they have missed their connecting bus & are stranded for the night. in the waiting area they find two other people, ronnie (jim wolf) & a sleeping woman named lindsay (marjorie fitzsimmons) who is currently having a terrifying nightmare...while swimming in an indoor pool lindsay encounters & befriends guy named billy waters (jesse johnson), the next time lindsay sees billy he dives into the pool & then seemingly disappears into thin air before he surfaces. shortly after lindsay discovers that billy water died in a diving accident 5 years ago...lindsay wakes up & tells the others about her nightmare, everyone else responds by saying that they too have suffered disturbing dreams recently & decide to share them to pass the time...next up is mason who tells a story of how he & two friends, scott (david r. hamm) & jimmy (will tuckwiller), are terrorised during a camping trip...then it's sharon whose story revolves around a newsman named tom williams (thom delventhal) who she phones up, in no time at all tom is at her front door but he actually turns out to be a vampire...it's ronnie's turn next & he describes how he discovers that he can bring the dead back to life, unfortunately he brings executed mass murderer nelson caulder (bradford boll) back to homicidal life...finally dr. conrow tells a tale of how two of his students brought an ancient aztec war-god named ixpe (kimberly harbour) back to life...then it's back to the bus station for one last (predictable) twist...written, produced & directed by daniel boyd chillers is one of the worst horror anthologies i've ever seen & i usually really like this sub-genre. the script by boyd lacks what is needed for films such as chillers to work, you can see the final twist coming a mile off & each story is really lame. the first one is totally pointless & didn't seem to have an ending & the best thing about these anthologies are the short snappy stories that are rounded off with a neat twist. the second story is predictable &, again, just ends without any payoff. so it continues throughout chillers that each story is deeply unsatisfying to watch & have no reward for doing so. the character's & dialogue are poorly written, the stories seem to have no original ideas of their own & as a whole the film totally sucks. at least each story doesn't last long & i liked the idea behind the linking segments.director boyd was obviously working with a very low budget & it shows. all i can say is if you want to watch a 15 odd minute short story set entirely within a swimming pool then chillers is for you. the stories are neither clever, scary or have any sort of tension or build up to anything. having said that it does have a few nice scenes & some surprising competence shines through on occasion. violence & gore wise there isn't much happening in chillers, a ripped out heart, a decapitated head & a bitten off hand is as gory as it gets.technically chillers is poor stuff that won't impress anyone. basic cinematography, bad music, cheap special effects & below average production values. chillers also features one of the worst closing theme songs ever, period. the acting is also of a very low standard.i am sure a lot of effort was put into chillers as a low budget film & at least the filmmakers tried so i will give credit for that at least, but that still doesn't stop me from thinking it's crap. similar anthology films like tales from the crypt (1972), asylum (1972), the vault of horror (1973), dr. terror's house of horrors (1965), creepshow (1982) & tales from the darkside: the movie (1990) are far superior to chillers so watch one of those instead.

when the movie was released it was the biggest hit and it soon became the blockbuster. but honestly the movie is a ridiculous watch with a plot which glorifies a loser. the movie has a tag-line - "preeti madhura, tyaga amara" which means love's sweet but sacrifice is immortal. in the movie the hero of the movie (ganesh) sacrifices his love for the leading lady (pooja gandhi) even though the two loved each other! his justification is the meaning of the tag-line. this movie influenced so many young broken hearts that they found this "loser-like sacrificial" attitude very thoughtful and hence became the cult movie it is, when they could have moved on with their lives. ganesh's acting in the movie is amateurish, crass and childishly stupid. he actually looks funny in a song, (onde ondu sari... )when he's supposed to look all stylish and cool. his looks don't help the leading role either. his hair style is badly done in most part of the movie. pooja gandhi cant act. her costumes are horrendous in the movie and very inconsistent. the good part about the movie is the excellent cinematography and brilliant music by mano murthy which are actually the true saving graces of the movie. also the lyrics by jayant kaikini are very well penned. the director yograj bhat has to be lauded picturization the songs in a tasteful manner. anyway all-in-all except for the songs, the movie is a very ordinary one!!!!!!

well, one has to give the director credit for how gutsy he was. gutsy would be the right term. not only did he use a total cast of five people (no extras at all), but he also decided to use sub-par special effects with a confusing and boring plot, he also, and i am not kidding, put a warning at the beginning of the movie that you might die of fright!!! however, they do promise a freeeeee coooofffffffiiiiinnnnn. to have a creepy limping gardener is always a good move. yaaa-unique-aaawwwwnnn....if you watch mystery science theater 3000, you might've seen this. they like to showcase horrible movies, just to let you know.a good gift for someone you hate.

- a newlywed couple move into the home of the husband's dead former wife. it's not long before the new wife begins to have the feeling that someone doesn't want her in the house. she sees skulls all around the house. but when the husband investigates, he can't find anything. is someone trying to drive her back to the asylum that she was recently discharged from? or, is the ghost of the dead wife trying to get the new wife out of her house? - this is the first time that i've watched the screaming skull without the assistance of the mst3k crew. and, it will in all likelihood be the last time i watch it this way. can you say dull? i'm not talking ordinary dull - i'm talking watching grass grow dull. there are great stretches of the movie where nothing happens. the screen could have gone blank and i would have gotten as much entertainment out of it. the characters drone on and on with the most monotonous conversations imaginable. the screaming skull could probably be marketed as a sleep aide.- the actors don't help matters much. most of them deliver lines with the conviction normally reserved for a grade school play. i haven't looked it up, but i would be shocked to find that anyone associated with this movie ever appeared in anything of cinematic value. i won't even go into the script the actors are given to work with. let's just say that the characters are given some of the most idiotic lines ever uttered on film.- you've been warned! either avoid this one at all costs or, at least, seek out the mst3k version.

well i have to admit this was one of my favorites as a kid, when i used to watch it on a home projector as a super-8 reel. now there isn't much to recommend it, other than the inherent camp value of actors being "terrified" by replicas of human skulls. the special effects are pretty silly, mostly consisting of skulls on wires and superimposed "ghost" images.but there's something to be said for the sets. the large mansion in which it takes place is pretty creepy, especially since it's mostly unfurnished (probably due to budgetary reasons?).it definitely inspires more laughs than screams, however. just try not to get the giggles when the wife (who does more than her share of screaming) goes into the greenhouse and is confronted with the ghost of her husband's ex.

the screaming skull (1 outta 5 stars) this movie boasts some pretty cool opening credits (an offscreen narrator warning that movie patrons will be offered a free burial if they die of fright watching this movie, a scary shot of a skull emerging from a placid pool and the ubiquitous scary music) but, sadly, the movie is all downhill from there. a widowed man takes his new bride to his secluded mansion... admonishing his servants and friends that the new mrs. has a very fragile disposition due to a tragedy in her past. well, in no time at all she begins to see and hear mysterious things that no one else can. her husband assures her that it's all merely in her mind and... well, you can probably see where this all is going. you will have figured out what's going on long before our hapless heroine... because you have probably seen the exact same plot in hundreds of other movies and tv shows (and done better, too). to add to the movie's myriad transgressions, most cuts of this movie (on numerous cheap dvd compilations) seem to be missing a few key scenes. you see the heroine slowly walking towards the window... she goes to open it... you know she is going to see something scary... and then... suddenly the scene cuts to her sobbing in her husband's arms. so what did she see??? i guess we'll never know.

as far as cinematography goes, this film was pretty good for the mid 50's. there were a few times that the lighting was way too hot but the shots were generally in frame and stayed in focus. the acting was above average for a low budget stinker but the direction was horrible. several scenes were dragged out way too long in an attempt at suspense and the effects were non-existent. the attack by the skull in the pond should have been completely removed from the final cut and every attempt to bring life to the skull was obvious with stick pokes and strings. i also couldn't help but think the budget didn't allow them to furnish the house so they kept making references to the movers and that all the things in storage should be coming soon. honestly...it would have been more entertaining if it were a worse movie. it wasn't bad enough to be a "good-bad" movie but wasn't good enough to be "good" either. get the mst3k version...it's more fun.

okay, so the introduction, with its hokey offer of a free coffin to anyone who dies of fright during the film, is so lame it's funny. and so the first "skull scene" is so drawn out and un-suspenseful it's funny. the actual plot of the movie is somewhat decent, there's at least a little bit of genuine food for thought in the behavior of the characters, and the plot twist is decent as horror flicks go. the acting is average, not truly bad. altogether, this movie doesn't quite fall flat in the way a 1/10 movie would. it's not terrible enough to get the lowest rating or even second lowest. if i just read the screenplay, i'd say there was potential for this to be a decent movie. it's just that the horrid direction and production that ruin the movie. so it's a bad movie, but there are much worse ones out there.

*warning* possible spoilers belowthe film is more boring then anything else. there seems to be some attempt to build tension through badly lit shots of empty rooms and empty lawns, but none of it works.mst3k did a fairly good job with it, but on its own the movie is mostly tedious.funny moments:when the fake skull rolls out of a pile of ashes, the wife becomes hysterical and woozy while the husband (who is trying to drive the wife crazy) says in a deadpan voice "there is no skull there, there's no skull."when the real ghost-skulls have the husband caught in a pickle, as if trapped between first and second base.

as the film begins a narrator warns us the screaming skull is so terrifying you might die of fright--and if such happens a free burial is guaranteed. well, i don't think any one has died of fright from seeing this film, but a few may have died of boredom. the screaming skull is the sort of movie that makes ed wood look good.very loosely based on the famous francis marion crawford story, skull is about a wealthy but nervous woman who marries a sinister man whose first wife died under mysterious circumstances. once installed in his home, she is tormented by a half-wit gardener, a badly executed portrait, peacocks, and ultimately a skull that rolls around the room and causes her to scream a lot. and to her credit, actress peggy webber screams rather well.unfortunately, her ability to do so is the high point of the film. the plot is pretty transparent, to say the least, and while the cast is actually okay, the script is dreadful and the movie so uninspired you'll be ready to run screaming yourself. true, the thing only runs about sixty-eight minutes, but it all feels a lot longer. add to this a truly terrible print quality and there you are.there are films that are so bad they are fun to watch. it is true that the screaming skull has a few howlers--but the film drags so much i couldn't work up more than an occasional giggle, and by the time the whole thing is over your head will roll from ennui. if it weren't for peggy webber's way with a scream, this would be the surefire cure for insomnia. give it a miss.gft, amazon reviewer

i couldn't tell if "the screaming skull" was trying to be a hitchcock rip off or a modernized edgar allen poe tribute. these days, someone would have chopped it up a bit and presented it as one of those tv anthology episodes from the old "tales from the dark side"...but only after an extensive rewrite.the sad thing is, there seems to be a nice, nasty little story trying to get out from under the rubble of this movie, and the actors are obviously doing the best they can with both their talent and the material they have to work with. but the director just didn't know how to stage or pace a dramatic scene; the special effects simply didn't work; the screenplay telegraphed its threadbare plot points so plainly that a bivalve could have seen them coming; and the soundtrack kept playing german "oompah band" music when it was supposed to be trying to scare the audience. they tried; they tried really hard. but this is of interest only as a period piece.i suppose someone very young who hadn't seen a lot of suspense or horror might get a charge out "the screaming skull", but someone that young probably wouldn't get most of the subtext or plot motivation. ("mommy, why is that nice man trying to scare the twisty faced scaredy-cat lady??")

*spoilers*i'm sure back when this was released in 1958 it was much appropriate for its time. back then films were slower paced to allow audiences to follow and analyze the story. here a man moves into a house owned by his last wife that died mysteriously with his new wife. the gardener mickey (played by alex nicol, who also directed he film) really is an underappreciated character. he gets a skull to indirectly warn jenni that she is in trouble, since he knew that there was foul play in the first wife's death. he can't tell jenni directly what happened, so he tries to scare her off with the skull. jenni, we also find out, saw her parents die, thus causing a lifetime of mental anguish that lead to institutionalization. like many audiences today, i found the pacing to be a little too slow for my tastes. but if you like slow-paced horror without a lot of gore, this film is for you.

i first saw this movie on mst3k. and although i laughed my posterior off at the jokes, i don't particularly think this movie was all that bad. sure it was a little hard to understand it is quite obviously low budget, but it had a very hitchcock-like plot and i can honestly say that when i viewed the non-mst3k version, i was genuinely entertained. this movie is crying out for a hollywood remake.

when you have a disembodied skull, an empty mansion, a schizophrenic wife, a scheming cad and a nutzo gardener, throw in a minister and his wife - what have you got?aip's answer to insomnia."the screaming skull" gets points for audacity, offering free caskets for anyone who dies of fright from watching the film. pretty safe bet, when you're lulled into a stupor by people who think they're in a production of "suspense for dummies".but peggy webber was a cutie, anyway. she had a few good moments of acting here and there (especially when trying to communicate with the gardener) and no one else fills a nightgown like she. but that scared face she makes - scary in itself. whoa.as a whole, though, there is little suspense here and everything is telegraphed like a punch thrown by a mime. you can't be scared by this film, it's impossible. it has its moments, but not enough of them.however, thanks to a certain mike nelson and his two robot pals, there are several moments of pure joy, especially in the copy they got hold of ("the film jumped, and it was really scary!").one star for "the screaming skull", eight and a half for the mst3k version.talk about a "screaming" bore....

"the screaming skull" opens with a warning and an offer for free burial services if you should die watching it - now there's a hook! the story itself has a fairly interesting premise for a horror flick: scheming husband marries a wealthy woman with a history of mental illness, then attempts to convince her that she's going insane with shrill noises, mysterious knocking and skulls that turn up at inopportune times. add to the formula a sufficiently creepy gardener who still cherishes the memory of the man's first wife who he was devoted to. maybe it's just that the 1950's didn't have the technology to pull off some of the scare scenes needed to juice up this movie, the techniques used here seem contrived and mundane. but then again, when i first saw "house on haunted hill" as a nine year old, it gave me the heebie jeebies in the same way i'm sure this film did for young viewers of the same era.don't get me wrong, the film is not terrible, it just seems to get tedious at times. but there's some great atmospheric tension in the generally huge but unfurnished whitlock home, and the gardens and pool are a nice touch. for me the best played out scene involves eric whitlock (john hudson) going maniacal in the pond attempting to retrieve the hidden skull, he just wades right in clothes and all, in neat contrast to the mentally challenged gardener (director alex nicol in a dual role). it makes you wonder who the real dimwit was.in it's own good way, perhaps the most shocking thing about the film: how about that neat roadster the whitlock's make their first appearance in - gull wing doors in 1958! that at least made me jump out of my seat!

life is really too short for movies like this. i knew it couldn't be good when i realized what i'd already suspected - that david schwimmer would be playing the exact same type of person he plays in 'friends'.let's face it, either the guy can't play anything but a nerd or he is never offered any other parts. i have a feeling that it's a mixture of both.and i have to say that it is extremely difficult to like a movie that utterly wastes the considerable talents of gwyneth paltrow, barbara hershey, toni collette and carol kane!!!

the interplay between the characters is a moral disaster. you end up disliking most of the characters and you don't particularly like any of them.even the two main characters played by david and gwen are so badly written that you really don't care one bit about them. the movie has no plot, no direction and no purpose. the single redeeming quality of the movie was to treat it as a glimpse into the messed up lives of a few losers - and that's hardly stimulating even as an afternoon waste.

this film is advertised as a clever romantic comedy. it is neither clever nor romantic and it is definitely not an effective comedy. the fortunes of the well meaning yet pathetic character, "tom", oscillate from one extremely embarrassing disaster to another. the only saving graces are the competent performance by toni collete and the frequency with which we glimpse paltrow's pleasant face. overall, to be avoided!

some 25 year olds behave like teenagers, coping with the death of a high-school mate, trying to find their purpose in live and love. the script is so lame that i had to force myself to even finish this movie. stay away from it. 1/10

as a hammer completist i was dreading the time when i would have to raise the courage to watch this film and the one following it, holiday on the buses. i had seen one the buses the film and thought it one of the worst films i have ever seen. it was full of all the awful comedy that plagued british tv screens around the early 70's.i am ashamed to say that there were actually parts of this film that i laughed at. i don't know if it was because i was now familiar with the characters and enjoyed some of the situations, knowing how they would react. i found blakey particularly funny, although i could swear at no point in the trilogy does he say his catchphrase, "i'll get you butler".having watched holiday on the buses the jokes were starting to wear thin and these three films could be compared to an early hammer trilogy, dick barton, in that the second film made is the best (although this is probably the only way they could be compared).the only people who would want to watch this film are probably fans of the tv series, who will no doubt enjoy this, and hammer completists like myself. to the completists i would say that this film isn't that bad and i can certainly think of worse hammer comedies.

a romance without feeling, a drama of issues without point (or drama).... this film is supposed to be all these and fails on each and every account, as if it isn't trying. or as if the director/editor/scriptwriter team isn't really trying. the actors are able--they need better support.one element that doesn't fail is the score by george delarue. beautiful and moving. what a shame it's attached to this film. in a good film actors' words and movements and music synchronize and enhance the impact. this editor plastered on music with no regard for dialogue and movement. the love scene is particularly grating in this respect: an insult to the talents of the lead actors.there is another element in the film that works: location photography. notably one moment in grand central station. i'd guessed in advance what was going to happen; but how it was filmed in that setting was breathtaking.some commentators on this board have pointed out that us assimilation of criminal nazi scientists actually happened during these years of the maccarthy scare. the moment the film seems to start looking seriously at american society, it switches into conventional romance; before any human feelings can move us, it's away on a (predictable) 'thriller' escapade.just as the film insults the talents of the actors, it insults the issues it's pretends (and fails) to take up.you are warned.

watching beautiful women sneaking around, playing cops and robbers is one of the most delightful guilty pleasures the medium film lets me enjoy. so the house on carroll street was not entirely a waste of time, although the story is contrived and the screenplay uninspired and somewhat irritating.there are many allusions to different hitchcock pictures, not least the choice of kelly mcgillis in the starring role. she is dressed up as grace kelly, and she is not far off the mark. not at all. but her character is not convincing. the way she is introduced to the audience, she should be someone with political convictions and a purpose in life. after all the movie deals with a clearly defined time period, true events and a specific issue. but the story degenerates within the first minutes into a sorry run-off-the-mill crime story with unbelievable coincidences, high predictability and a set of two dimensional characters. this is all the more regrettable, as the performances of the actors are good, as are the photography and the set design.the finale in central station, new york is breath taking. it starts in the subterranean section and then moves up to the roof. the movie can be praised for its good use of architecture.

well, i could nt get into the plot, but thats just me maybe. listless camera-movements at times, nevertheless this movie has got a charming vintage quality.the acting is genuine at times and entertaining with the occasional chase sequence involving scantily clad ladies, which was nice. the climax is confused and disjointed, but still ...err riveting, thanx to stella stevens.the stunts are interesting, specially because of the 70's las vegas backdrop. there are a few jerky hand-held camera-movements at the end, which keep me guessing, for a while. but i don't think i ll b chasing the dvd, just yet.

there's really not a lot to say about las vegas lady. it's harmless enough, but it is little more than a dull heist film from the 70s. the movie is neither as clever nor as sexy as it strives to be. the plot is a retread of the tired old casino robbery storyline that's been done to death. except in the case of las vegas lady, i think the robbery plot was designed by a 3 year-old. the plan involves three women – one to unnecessarily and in plain view scale the outside of the circus cicus building, one to pose as a waitress only to blow her cover at the first opportunity, and one to stand around exposing her cleavage. that's pretty much it. intricate, huh? other than stella stevens and her aforementioned breasts, the other women involved in the plot aren't particularly memorable. las vegas lady co-stars stuart whitman. when not pawing stevens, his involvement in the movie is highlighted by one of the most idiotic gun fights ever put on film.i really wanted to like this movie. it does have that 70s feel to it that i always enjoy and some nice shots of las vegas circa 1975. but the movie itself is too dull to rate any higher than a 4/10 – and that's probably overstating it. in the end, las vegas lady is a waste of some perfectly good cleavage.

very, very humdrum movie fare here with stella stevens taking directions from someone in disguise(it didn't take me long to guess who it was) in old nevada town outside vegas for a money heist in the circus circus hotel in las vegas. stevens leads her girl gang of three, and they find out that they must act much quicker than had been anticipated. despite some neat looks at las vegas in the 70's, very average yet credible acting from most involved, and a plot line with potential, las vegas lady lays one big boring egg. it seems forever for the film to kick into gear,and when it does it just sputters here and there and never really speeds up. i was somewhat disappointed with this film. sure, i wasn't expecting anything great, but i at least thought this might be one of those neat exploitation films from the 70's or something like it. not even close. no one dies. there is a lame gunfight between creaky stuart whitman and officious george dicenzo, one year prior to his grand performance as the prosecuting attorney bugliosa in helter skelter. the gunfight has all the suspense of watching a waterfall. there is one punch and one head hit with a blunt instrument. beyond that nothing in terms of action. and as for the girls, don't expect much there either. stella and her girls(both very mediocre yet pretty talents, get in a sauna and a bath. what do we see? nothing but a fleeting side profile. stella wears these nice open blouses accentuating her real talents, but i wish she would have been a bit more open with her performance. that way i could write one thing that would recommend the film. alas, it was not to be, and i have little to say in this film's favor. it isn't a horrible film in any way, it just has nothing going for it either. yawn.

this tiresome, plodding las vegas casino heist movie in almost impossible to watch and get involved in. it's something you 'look at' if you have absolutely nothing else better to do. the only two decent things in this movie are both attached to gorgeous stella stevens and one spends the entire program hoping she'll fall out of one of those skimpy tops she wears. many great shots of mid-70s las vegas (when it was still a cool place to visit) and the fashions of the day are good for a giggle as well. otherwise, one big yawn. the rhino dvd has a very good widescreen transfer but even at under 10 bucks it still ain't worth it in my humble opinion.

i couldn't believe it. i had to rub my eyes a few times. was it true? yes, there were billy dee williams, jeff conaway, maxwell caulfield and tracy scoggins - all of them have some manner of talent but here they all were in what basically adds up to a cinemax-style skin flick set on board a spaceship!sad as it is, "alien intruder" tries to be unique, with a computer virus/alien demon/harpy/whatever else you want to call her named ariel (scoggins) infiltrating this sort-of high-tech virtual reality station on board a spaceship where four men are allowed to live out their fantasies as the system is over-seen by their captain (williams).interesting? maybe, but here everything just plays out like a well-padded episode of "red shoe diaries". williams out-classes everything right and left, and looks like he'd rather be doing anything else, anywhere else. ah, the things people do for money....the fx are pretty static, maybe even less than what you'd expect for a straight-to-video cheapie like this. unfortunately, even the female nudity is less than you'd expect. sexual innuendo is the real star here and, of course, it gets all the best scenes.if you like a movie that's all tease and no brains, check out "alien intruder". of course, you'll probably have to look no further than cinemax at 2 or 3 in the morning.no stars, not even for what star power this flick can muster.leave this one lost in space.

when a friend gave me a boxed set of "12 amazing scifi/horror movies!" i was understandably a little cautious. but, since the item was a gift, i really didn't truly pay my common sense much heed. after all....movies for free! so what if they are a little ropey. after much consideration, alien intruder was the first of those movies. ironically, it was first choice because it looked the best of the bunch. all i can say is, if this is the best of them, i shudder to think what the rest are like.on the surface, it had some good things going for it. four (count 'em!) actors that i was familiar with. billy dee williams, tracy scoggins, maxwell caulfield and jeff conaway. i told myself..."billy and tracy have been in some good scifi (star wars and babylon 5, respectively) so they wouldn't sign up for a turkey. max is a veteran soap actor who never really managed to break into film....but not too shoddy an actor. an jeff....well...he's done the good and the bad as far as films and tv go." i was soon to discover that jeff had decided to add "the ugly" to his repertoire of movies.the first clue was in the opening scenes. jeff mugs his way with gusto through an "i'm mad" scene before finally killing himself. an amusing cameo performance, really. unfortunately this is, without much exaggeration, the highlight of the film. it goes downhill from there.next up we have the commander of the mission (williams) who is being sent out to see what happened to jeff and his crew busy picking his new shipmates from among the ranks of the criminal element. but this assortment aren't so much the dirty dozen - more like the unconvincing foursome. plus, one of the crims, a computer hacker, is shown in his cell working away on a laptop computer. isn't that a bit like letting a murderer run a gun shop in the slammer? pretty lame prison, if you ask me.when they finally take off the effects are truly horrible. it looks like the spaceship model was knocked up in an afternoon by some bored 8 year old who had parts left over from his airfix kits.but the horror doesn't stop there. whilst on route to the area where jeff's ship vanished, the criminal crew are rewarded for their good behaviour by being given weekends of virtual reality, in which they indulge their male fantasies. all well and good, and the use of scenes from their fantasies serves as an introduction to the "alien menace" which begins to appear there. but did they have to drag it out for quite sooooo loooooong? alien intruder? alien boring, more like.finally they make it to g-sector and the alien presence makes them fight against each other for her affections until only good old max is left. the ending, in truly optimistic rubbish film vein, hints at a sequel - as if! also making an appearance in this movie is a character i'll nickname the "sweatdroid". he's supposed to be an android, but apparently that fact was lost on the make-up crew, who provided him with sweaty features at any opportunity. but don't worry, he's just there to make up the body count numbers at the end.williams and scoggins, to be truthful, do very little in the film. they only just barely stay awake, let alone act. and, as i mentioned earlier, jeff gets an early trip to the showers, so his manicness isn't allowed to enlighten much of the film. max tries his best, as do a couple of the other cast members, but the movie is just direly atrocious, to be honest.the one, and only, half-way imaginative thing this movie offers is the ship naming convention. they are all named after musicians - holly, presley, joplin. the rest of the film is bland and uninspired.made in 1992, i had thought, on initial viewing, it was one of those 80's straight-to-video jobs. looks like they still made crap movies well into the 90's, it seems.it's best avoided. even as a beer n chips movie this film is a stinker, but at least you can fast forward it, i suppose.

as usual, on imdb, going by the majority vote instead of the "weighted average" is far more indicative of the movie's entertainment value. in this case, the majority gives it a "one". how right they are! to start my review, i'll first admit that i am completely clueless as to why this movie is titled "alien intruder". it does involve space and even an "alien" (i suppose), but there's no rhyme or reason (at all) for anything in the long run, at least, no actual plot basis or resolution that i can make out anywhere.there are quite a few scenes that are so atrocious (with regard to both the lines, the timing, and how they are spoken), that it far exceeds the weird feeling you get when watching similar really bad movies. i have no idea about that part near the beginning where an electronic bugs bunny seems to be ranting about something.the "plot" solely involves an area of space known as the g-spot, sorry, make that g-sector...and a virtual reality program infected with some sort of alien(?) virus. i think it is alien since the image of the otherwise normal ariel appears as a photographic negative.for most of the movie, we see people getting shot with space weapons, falling out of lofts, and seemingly endless, pointless close shots of "where's ariel?", "can't find ariel" (pointless because most of the other shots include interaction with ariel, anyway - whatever) on a computer monitor. commander skyler (billy dee), sits and watches each fantasy of the convict's vr programs hoping to find this alien virus and become one with it...??? or maybe i missed something...billy dee williams took a few courses on "how to act in despair" prior to the filming of this. we know this because he spends a lot of time moving his fingers down over his face and looking mournful.the docking scene with the nose of one ship going into the rear of the other was semi-hilarious at least, and provided for a laugh in addition to the early scenes where we see several shots of the ship as it is just spinning in a circle, looking much like a lego experiment gone awry.it seems everyone dies in this movie, so why bother? even the vr females get killed, as if that is supposed to mean anything (especially since everyone else dies anyway)...outrageous.because of the money i save on groceries, i won't rant about wanting my money back that i paid for the dvd of this. the dollar that i saved on that bag of vanilla wafers paid for this reviewer's time.i'll just add that the story itself, at least as a novel, and with far more detail added, could probably be quite interesting with the right author.1/10

who me? no, i'm not kidding. that's what it really says on the video case.plot; short version: pretty woman stands around smiling. this, for some reason, makes all men kill each other."find ariel...where's ariel...can't find ariel..." she's right behind you, you idiot...most of what can be said about this horrendous little space opera has already been said, looks like.a bunch of corny actors playing mostly convicts come in after the first selection of actors is knocked off very quickly. then they get knocked off in the same way. every scene is broadcast nearly fifteen minutes in advance. perhaps it was a drawing of straws to see which actors had the most screen time and bigger pay check. the alien virus/hologram/vr witch/glitch seems physically powerless and doesn't do a thing. why can't she just stay in the computer instead of doing her "teleporting vampire" routine? (actually, it would've been more interesting if she had been a vampire, or doing more than just standing around looking at people, which is all she ever does. this is enough to make all the men kill each other. go figure...)this isn't really a space flick. there are far more shots of the old western trail, 1950's easy rider trail, film noir's night club scene, even a jog on the beach in fantasy-land, none of which has any real depth or even makes any sense. the night club scene is in black and white, of course. worked with "the wizard of oz". doesn't work so well, here. this is probably a good thing, as those few shots they do show of space are depressingly silly. you will probably cry during those moments, especially upon seeing that swirling "space ship", which looks about three inches long.nothing is felt for any of the characters, not because they are convicts or have no personality, but because they are in serious need of acting lessons, except for billy dee williams who really does look depressed and at a loss, probably by being in this work...this is one of those movies that, when viewed with friends, is going to cause some extremely "loud" silences, especially when the nerd throws out his attempt at comic one-liners (including the line about french-kissing a meteor...? did i hear that right? perhaps not...)the original virtual reality girls get "killed", which means nothing, as they are not even real to begin with. well, the other "characters" aren't, either, but that's beside the point. haha.what's kind of funny is that the scene that graces the video case is some sort of skull-horror-alien looking thing (green filter added on top of that, to give it more of a...uh...green look), which is actually the android after he gets killed and ultimately has nothing to do with anything else afoot.another odd deal i noticed. whenever there is an explosion (at least on my cheap dvd copy), everything becomes highly pixelated. i don't mean a little pixelated, i mean huge blocks about 1/16th the size of the screen. wow.

it's interesting to see what shape pierce brosnan's career was in before bond arrived on the scene. in this "tense" thriller, pierce brosnan plays the gentle patrick, who works leading ghetto kids on "confidence courses". he romances a woman, who has a bog-standard mop-top mid-90s kid called eric. the woman's drunken ex-husband soon arrives on the scene and begins to mess with pierce.at one stage pierce is innocently making "vegeburgers". the husband enters. pierce resumes making vegeburgers. the husband then assaults pierce. little chunks of half-eaten vegeburger call fall from pierce's mouth. the fight abruptly ends without showing the outcome. this is as good as the film gets.

carry on matron was released in 1972 and it's becoming clear that the series has reached a natural end with the best entries like cleo , up the kyber and screaming being from the mid to late 60s in itself matron is by no means bad it's just that we've seen it all before with a thin plot ( a bunch of spivs trying to break into a hospital to steal a supply of contraceptive pills which they plan to sell to third world countries ) surrounded by gags of a slightly amusing though unsophisticated nature . i think that's where the problem lies - the gags aren't all that amusing with the unsophisticated nature starting to show its age . did we need another movie that uses a man dressed up as a woman in order to drive the plot ? perhaps the worst criticism i can make is that i saw carry on matron this afternoon , less that twelve hours ago and i have a problem in trying to remember a very funny line . that's a serious problem for a comedy

one of the weaker carry on adventures sees sid james as the head of a crime gang stealing contraceptive pills. the fourth of the series to be hospital-based, it's possibly the least of the genre. there's a curiously flat feel throughout, with all seemingly squandered on below-par material. this is far from the late-70s nadir, but williams, james, bresslaw, maynard et al. are all class performers yet not given the backing of a script equal to their ability.most of the gags are onrunning, rather than episodic as carry ons usually are. so that instead of the traditional hit and miss ratio, if you don't find the joke funny in the first place you're stuck with it for most of the film. these continuous plot strands include williams – for no good reason – worrying that he's changing sex, and kenneth cope in drag. like the stagy physical pratt falls, the whole thing feels more contrived than in other movies, and lacking in cast interest. continuing this theme, matron lacks the customary pun and innuendo format, largely opting for characterisation and consequence to provide the humour. in fact, the somewhat puerile series of laboured misunderstandings and forced circumstance reminds one more of terry and june ... so it's appropriate that terry scott is present, mugging futilely throughout.some dialogue exchanges have a bit of the old magic, such as this between scott and cope: "what about a little drink?" "oh, no, no, i never touch it." "oh. cigarette then?" "no, i never touch them." "that leaves only one thing to offer you." "i never touch that either." that said, while a funny man in his own right (livening up the duller episodes of randall and hopkirk (deceased) no end), you do feel that cope isn't quite tapped in to the self-parodying carry on idealology and that bernard bresslaw dressed as a nurse would be far funnier. this does actually happen, in part, though only for the last fifteen minutes.williams attempting to seduce hattie jacques while charles hawtrey is hiding in a cupboard is pure drawer room farce, but lacks the irony to carry it off. that said, williams's description of premarital relations is priceless: "you don't just go into the shop and buy enough for the whole room, you tear yourself off a little strip and try it first!" "that may be so," counters jacques, "but you're not going to stick me up against a wall." williams really comes to life in his scenes with hattie, and you can never get bored of hearing a tin whistle whenever someone accidentally flashes their knickers.carry on matron is not a bad film by any means, just a crushingly bog-standard one.

i have to be completely honest in saying first that i fell asleep somewhere in the middle, so i cannot give a full opinion about the film until i see it in full. basically, a group of thieves, including sid carter (sid james) and ernie bragg (bernard bresslaw), plan to make a fortune stealing a shipment of contraceptive pills from finisham maternity hospital. this is where title character matron (hattie jacques) works, along with staff members sir bernard cutting (kenneth williams), dr. francis goode (charles hawtrey), dr. prodd (terry scott) and nurse susan ball (barbara windsor). patients and their visitors are around too, including pregnant mrs. tidey (joan sims) and her nervous dad-to-be husband mr. tidey (kenneth connor). also starring bill maynard as freddy and eastenders' wendy richard as miss willing. this plan by the way is not working out by the way, because all the staff are getting in the way. that's pretty much all can say about the film until i see it again in full. okay!

if this is based on the true-life relationship, as purported, between ms. curtin and mr. levinson, i'm thrilled i do not know them personally. this is painfully slow, and both characters take stupid pills liberally throughout the movie while the theme song gets played into the ground. many stupid scenes with people acting stupid does not make for a comedy.

please save your money and go see something else. this movie was such piece of crap. i didnt want to go, but i had to so i thought i'd laugh at least once, nope. not a single laugh, it was that horrible! chris kattan will never get a good comedy role after this and "a night at the roxbury." this movie is completely obvious, has no smart humor at all, and just repeats itself over and over again. listen to me, and stray as far away from this movie as you possibly can!

corky romano has to be one of the most jaw dropping and horrific "comedy's" ever made.while the sometimes amusing chris kattan who pulled off a very funny performance in the hilarious 'undercover brother' his character in corky is so stupid and so unfunny-which is a shame since the premise is a wonderful idea. to bad they ran out of them when they got to page 3 on the script.

***spoilers*** ***spoilers*** from its very opening credits this fantastic movie sets the record straight: it's an instant classic. it doesn't take long to realize that this movie is big, bigger than `kindergarten cop' or `police academy 7.' the sheer greatness of it left me speechless as i walked out of the movie theater and proceeded right back to the ticket counter to purchase myself another dozen of tickets.this is a movie that simply requires multiple viewings. the first watching will surely leave you with that strange `huh?' feeling, but don't feel embarrassed - it happens to the best of us. the story is so diabolically clever that one has to wonder about the mortality of its authors. what seems to be a simple story of an idiot infiltrating the fbi, turns out to be an allegorical story that works on several levels and teaches us all about the really important things in life. the complexity of the plot structure will baffle you on your first viewing, but don't give up! not until my sixth or seventh viewing did i only begin to unravel some of the hidden mysteries of `corky romano.' and watch out for the unexpected twist at the end, otherwise you might be caught completely off guard when it is revealed that fbi agent brick davis is fbi's most-wanted criminal, corky is not a real fbi agent, pops romano is innocent, peter romano admits he's illiterate and paulie romano comes out of the closet as a homosexual. surprised the hell out of me, i can tell you that much.chris kattan's comedic talents are unmatched as he leads his character corky romano through a maze of totally unpredictable situations. reminiscent of john reynolds' performance in `manos, the hands of fate,' kattan takes on innumerable multiple personalities and tackles all scenes with perfect comedic timing. however, kattan is not just about comedy. he is a master of drama as well, as he controls the audience's feelings with the slightest moves of his face. his facial expressions reflect life itself, in a way. for example, in the scene in which he farts into his brothers' faces, you can see the expression of social injustice and alienation clearly reflected on his anguished face. at a moment like that, it's hard to find a dry eye in the house.screenwriters david garret and jason ward are the real heroes of `corky romano.' with a story of such proportions, it's easy to understand why two experienced writers had to be employed to complete this ambitious project. their skillful storytelling and unorthodox structuring makes `pulp fiction' look like a mediocre saturday night live skit. garret and ward's story is so compelling and alluring that it grips you by your hair, swallows you entirely, shakes you around and spits you right out. at the end of the out-of-this-world experience known as `corky romano' you find yourself a different person with different worldviews and different ideas, and with only one question on your mind:why, god? why?!?

direction must be the problem here. i recently heard john cleese speaking of working a skit for fawlty towers. he was supposed to attack his car with a branch. the first branch was too flimsy and not funny. the second branch was too stiff to be funny. the third was just flimsy enough to be funny. this sort of attention to detail is missing from "corky romano". no matter how embarrassingly unfunny a comic bit was, it wasn't fixed, and wasn't left on the cutting room floor. the one value i can find in this movie is as a study of a very flawed movie which somehow escaped into distribution without being repaired.i've scanned dozens of other reviews here. the number of reviews praising this absolute waste of time bolsters my suspicion that some people are getting paid to promote titles. i can't fathom how anyone over the age of 9 could rate this title more than a 4, max. i mean, come on, 5 is average. i can't imagine anyone, even those making money off of this, rating it even as much as average.this makes my list of the 10 worst movies of all time. and, hey, i actually like the three stooges and can even tolerate ed wood!

i vowed a long time ago to never, ever watch a movie that has anyone who ever was a regular cast member of "saturday night live". i didn't rent "corky romano" but i was forced by my unfailing good manners to watch it for half an hour. then my good manners failed. stupid, not funny. tedious, not hilarious. bad, not good. that in a nutshell is all i can say for this video.

i did not watch the entire movie. i could not watch the entire movie. i stopped the dvd after watching for half an hour and i suggest anyone thinking of watching themselves it stop themselves before taking the disc out of the case.i like mafia movies both tragic and comic but corky romano can only be described as a tragic attempt at a mafia comedy.the problem is corky romano simply tries too hard to get the audience to laugh, the plot seems to be an excuse for moving chris kattan (corky) from one scene to another. corky himself is completely overplayed and lacks subtlety or credulity - all his strange mannerisms come across as contrived - chris kattan is clearly 'acting' rather than taking a role - it bounces you right out of the story. each scene is utterly predictable, the 'comedic event' that will occur on the set is obvious as soon as each scene is introduced. in comedies such as mr. bean the disasters caused by the title character are funny because you can empathise with the characters motivations and initial event and the situation the character ends up in is not telegraphed. corky however gives the feeling that he is deliberately screwing up in a desperate attempt to draw a laugh from the audience.if chris had not played such an alien character (who never really connects with the other characters in the movie) and whose behaviour is entirely inexplicable (except for trying to draw laughs) and the comedy scenes weren't so predictable and stereotyped - all the jokes seemed far too familiar) this movie could have been watchable. but it isn't. don't watch it.

i could only get through about 25 mins of it. not one laugh in the 25 minutes i gave it, one of the most painful films i've ever had to endure. chris kattan is so nervous on screen that it made me nervous to watch him. just a horrible movie.

wow. some movies just leave me speechless. this was undeniably one of those movies. when i left the theatre, not a single word came to my mouth. all i had was an incredible urge to slam my head against the theatre wall to help me forget about the last hour and a half. unfortunately, it didn't work. honestly, this movie has nothing to recommend. the humor was at the first grade level, at best, the acting was overly silly, and the plot was astronomically far-fetched. i hearby pledge never to see an other movie starring chris kattan or any other cast-member of snl.

why is this film so bad? well, if being so stupidly annoying and unfunny is a reason, then this film is it. the character of corky romano is unlikable at best and downright infuriating at worst. the gags are predictable but that isn't what makes it bad. they are the lame sort of predictable jokes that your unfunny friend would say.corky romano is about a mild mannered vet that tries to do right but is so clumsy. his quiet life is thrown for a loop when the family that once spurned him now needs him to infiltrate the fbi to destroy any trace of the family's crime history. however, it isn't that easy for corky because the fbi believes him to be a super agent and pegs him with the duty of spying on his very own family. mishaps and mayhem ensue but it really doesn't feel like any comic hijixn are there. corky ends up in love with his beautiful fbi partner and has to set the record straight with both the fbi and his family if he is to settle down to the quiet life again.i think what makes this film irritating is both the lead actor and the supposed jokes. chris kattan reveals his alarming limitations as and actor here as his one note slapstick routine falls flat about 10 minutes into the film. it is okay to have a full movie based solely off of dumb, slap stick humor. will ferrel, kattan's snl partner, seems to have made a full career out of it. the only difference between kattan and ferrel is that ferrel knows when to tone it down and rely on other ways of telling a joke. there is absolutely no diversity in kattan's routine. it's hard to hear the same joke twice, but for a whole movie that is just pure torture.the other problem with the movie was the lack of truly original and funny jokes. the gay mafia brother, the awkward guy sch-tick, and plenty of other forgettable jokes appear none as funny as the first time you barely laughed at it. it seems as if the screenwriters had more of a fun time writing this than any one had watching it. even with a cast that has some comedic talent (chris penn, peter falk) the jokes that commence are tired. there is no chemistry too. this film was obviously one for the pocketbooks for the actors. no body seemed to care about it, or even try. sad thing is, no body told chris kattan that.

probably the only thing that got the movie up to a four for me is the fact that i love peter falk. one of the world's great portrayers of bumbling incompetence . . . and yet he is one of the only anchors that prevents this from being a chaotic disaster. as pops romano, he provides a respectable mix of gangster charm and straight man to chris kattan's manic foolishness. respectable performances are also offered by richard roundtree as the harried boss, vinessa shaw as a talented female fbi agent bouncing her head off a glass ceiling and fred ward as falk's advisor and benedict arnold.the plot concept actually has some wonderful possibilities and, in the hands of a young steve martin or chevy chase, could have proved a great comedic vehicle. kattan, who seems to idolize ernest or pee wee herman, just provides a muddled mess. sadly, peter berg and chris penn, who portray his misfit brothers, both fall far short of their proven capability.there are some very funny scenes, but they are far too few and separated by way too many boring ones. what i truly miss here is what always attracted me to the leslie neilsen movies. there is no 'second level' of wit riding over the slapstick. no cultural references that only the adults get. . no double entendre. . it is just silly.and, by the way, this doesn't all mean that i am recommending it for your 9-year-old, because hopefully they have better taste and less fascination with some of their body parts and their functions.

the script for this tv soap opera is so bad that even a. hopkins at some point had to play like an undergrad drama-student so as to bring some life in his script-dead character. i do not know whether this was the purpose of the director, but hopkins' ciano reeked nothing but vanity, fear and lack of self-esteem. the real ciano possibly was all that but then, why make a movie about him? mussolini was a bit more convincing, and his long way down was as if closer to the truth. edda mussolini was plain ridiculous (not because of sarandon, but because of the impotent script), while she had to be the central character of this alleged familial drama. watch it only if you enjoy venezuelan soap opera.

in são paulo, the upper middle class teenagers cristiano, chico and gabriel have just joined the university and on the eve of the opening class, they go to a party with drugs and booze. on the next day, after their classes, the date of cristiano in the previous night comes to his house and the three friends rape the girl. the girl dies, they panic and decide to get rid off the body, but cristiano's mother arrives, startles with gabriel and rolls the staircase, breaking her neck. the trio decides to dump and burn the corpses in a garbage landfill, but along the night other tragedies happen.the polemic and shameful "cama de gato" is an overrated pretentious crap about alienation of the youth, and is certainly the worst brazilian movie that i have seen along many years. the shallow, tragic and dark story is actually a black humor comedy of bad taste. the screenplay is not funny, with stupid lines and dialogs, and boring, manipulative and silly footages with interviews with morons teenagers in the beginning and in the end. the acting is terrible, apparently with many improvisations, but no talent, and i was disappointed with presence of the promising caio blat in this trash. the camera, framing, cinematography and edition are amateurish and of very low quality. the sound is awful and in many parts it is impossible to understand what the actors and actresses are speaking (probably it is a plus, since this flick sucks). the gang bang is very realistic and used to promote this mediocre movie in a very poor marketing of sex-exploitation. my vote is one (awful).title (brazil): "cama de gato" ("bed of the cat")

though i'd heard that "cama de gato" was the worst brazilian movie of the decade, i watched it giving it a chance; after all, first-time director/producer/writer alexandre stockler managed to make his debut feature (shot in video) for just us$ 4,000 and -- though it looks even cheaper -- i can't begin to imagine all he went through to finally get it exhibited in theaters with no big sponsors or production companies behind it (then as i watched it i realized why). but whatever chances you're ready to give to "cama de gato", they shrink to zero within 10 minutes: it's an unbelievably preposterous, verbose, ideologically fanatical and technically catastrophic attempt to portray brazilian upper-middle class youth as a bunch of spoiled neo-nazis hooked on bad sex, drugs and violence (and they're made to look like closeted gays too), made with no visible trace of talent, imagination, expertise or notion of structure. visually and aurally, it recalls the worst amateur stuff you can find on youtube -- only here it lasts ninety two (count'em) minutes of unrelenting hysteria and clumsiness, and it's not even funny-bad.we've all seen the story before: bored young guys want to have fun, go partying, take drugs and everything goes wrong -- there's gang-rape, spanking, murder, the accidental death (falling down the staircase!!) of the mother of one of the boys, culminating with the boys deciding to burn the corpses of the girl and the mother in a garbage landfill. moral and literal garbage, get it? the film is heavily influenced by larry clark (especially "kids" and "bully"), but clark's films -- though also moralist and sexploitative -- are high-class masterworks compared to this crap.i don't think there was ever such monomaniacal drive in a filmmaker to stick his ideas down the audience's throat: stockler grabs us by the collar and tries to force his non-stop moralist rant into our brains by repetition and exhaustion -- you do get numb-minded with so much babbling, yelling, inept direction, shaky camera and terrible acting going on. stockler doesn't care a bit about technique (the quality of the images, framing, sound recording, soundtrack songs, dialog, sets, editing, etc is uniformly appalling), but he's a narcissistic control-freak: he anticipates the criticisms he's bound to get by adding subtitles with smartie/cutie comments, and by making the protagonists comment at one point how far-fetched and phony it all is (i could relate to that). despite his megalomaniac ambitions, stockler seems incapable of giving us a minimum of visual or narrative structure -- he can't even decide if he wants gritty realism (hand-held video camera etc) or stylization (repetition of scenes, use of alternate takes, etc). damn, he can't even decide where to put his camera (there's use of subjective camera for the three leads)! the dialog features some of the most stupefyingly banal verbosity ever; the plot exists simply to justify the director's profound hatred for his characters and what they stand for. all you see is a filmmaker being hateful, preachy, condemning, moralizing without the benefit of a minimum of talent (or technique) to go with it.it's very disappointing to find caio blat in this mess. certainly one of the most promising young film actors in brazil, with his sleepy-eyed puppy dog looks and emotional edge that often recall sal mineo's, blat can be highly effective under good direction (as in "carandiru", "lavoura arcaica", "proibido proibir"). here, he's told to go over the top and he has to play with some of the most embarrassingly under-equipped "actors" in recent memory. he also enters the risky realm of graphic sexploitation scenes (so goddawful they look rather like web-cam porn).the film opens and ends with real interviews with "typical" (?) middle-class youth -- stockler wants us to take those interviews as "proof" of what he's trying to preach in fiction. but he blatantly despises and makes fun of his interviewees, selecting a highlight of abject, racist, sexist, stupid statements (which only shows assholes exist everywhere). stockler wants to prove that brazilian middle-class youths are all present or future fascists because they're middle-class and enjoy recreational drugs (is he saying all neo-fascists are on drugs?? or that drugs potentialize fascist behavior?? i couldn't tell). with its dogmatic self-righteousness, headache-inducing technique and mind-bending boredom, "cama de gato" is bad for a 1,000 reasons but, above all, it's harmful in a very insidious manner: it gives detractors of brazilian cinema a powerful case of argument. "cama de gato" is best unwatched, unmentioned, buried and forgotten.

this show seemed to be kinda good. kyra sedgwick is an ok actress and i like police series, but somewhere in the production this program went awfully wrong. first of all, the writers should have more suspects than one, you know who did it every time!!!!! that makes it boring. the main character is unbelievably annoying and its not believable in any way. i know they wanted her to be tough, but shes mean, stupid and a bad chief. the crimes are uninteresting and bland, and its just lame all the way. as stated above, i hate it.... all in all, this was a big disappointment and very bad indeed...

my husband and i were intrigued by the spectacle - a strong willed southern lady with a messy personal life solves crimes for the lapd. the first season was must-see tv for us. unfortunately, the stories of her personal life in the second season became so tedious and unworthy of the strong character that we stopped watching.my husband and i were troubled by the episode where she tries to hide from her mother the fact that she is shacked up. but the deal breaker was the episode where she hides her possible pregnancy from her boyfriend but tells her boss. why would a strong, middle aged woman do those things? the answer is she wouldn't. additionally, my husband and i pick out the bad guy with almost perfect accuracy. it is almost always a white male or female introduced in cameo at the murder scene or in an idealized family. can't the script writers do something original from time to time? as i mentioned, we are no longer viewers. we prefer shows that don't betray the characters and insult our intelligence.

this program didn't do it for me, although i'm a fan of the genre. the major factor that disappointed me was that there was not a single scene which was not dominated by the main character. this made it a bit two-dimensional and i gave up before the program was over.i was hoping to leave my critique there as i'm no movie critic, however, the guidelines on imdb state that you must put in 10 lines of commentary. it did remind me of hudson hawk in the way the main character is in every single scene, and i would hope that the writers of this program could employ some more diversity to engage with the viewers. i don't doubt the talent of any of the cast and crew, it's just that after watching things like "the wire", i've come to expect great things from cop drama.

to be honest i knew what to expect before i watched this film, and i've got to say it has the worst acting i've ever seen. it does have its moments, and on a comedy level its very entertaining, but i'm afraid its not scary, and stupidity is taken to a new level. there's a lot of unnecessary gore, and the plot is all over the place. i have no idea why the aliens were evil, and why they even came to this remote part of wales, (i mean who'd go there anyway?) but i didn't care at that point, because i was amused by the costumes, and the bad cgi. as far as b-movies go, this deserves the title of 'being so bad, its good', and kudos to the film-makers, because they probably knew what they were doing. long may these films continue.....

evil aliens owes a huge debt to peter jacksons early films bad taste and braindead.i must confess to never enjoying those films particularly and i say the same about this.jake west is a director who clearly lacks inspiration of his own and chooses to steal from those whom he looks up to.i lost count of the amount of times a major hollywood film was quoted most notably james camerons aliens.the amount of blood and gore on show here isn't funny either,the latter end of the film becomes tired and dragged out.maybe it would have worked better as a short film.the actors a poor,the direction is weak and the plot is non existent.i can see what the director was trying to do,the homage he was trying to pay,but others have done the same thing a lot better than presented here. 4/10

largely dense road movie with some comic relief provided by the excellent john cleese (although he is really sending up his performance in fawlty towers). seems to flip from over the top slapstick to slushy sentimentality at the drop of a hat, and the worst part of the film is that martin and hawn have to "find themselves", who they are, etc. see it at your peril.

when i saw previews of this movie i thought that it may be dumb, but it will at least be funny. well i was wrong. even though somewhere deep down the producers had an interesting message to convey about parents being left alone and re-evaluating their life, the way they tried to deliver that message was horrible. the first fifty times something silly happened to the couple was relatively funny. but by the end, i could almost predict what stupid mishap is going to happen next.throughout the movie i like a total of maybe five lines of dialogue and everything else was at best mediocre, which is still more than i can say for the movie itself.

it's terrific when a funny movie doesn't make smile you. what a pity!! this film is very boring and so long. it's simply painfull. the story is staggering without goal and no fun.you feel better when it's finished.

we all know what's like when we have a bad day at the office, right? well, this neil simon comedy looks at what it's like when you have the worst of all days just trying to get to the office. sometimes, it's just not worth going, know what i mean? and, sometimes, it's just not worth doing something when it's already been done before, in 1970, with jack lemmon and sandy dennis... and much better also.it's not that steve martin is a lousy comedian or wrong for the role as the harried and stressed advertising exec; quite to the contrary, on both counts. and, it's not that goldie hawn is equally inept either; her work has been consistently good, if not great, ever since i first saw her in tv's rowan and martin's laugh-in of the 1960s.the problem with this movie is that it's not about the hapless couple at all: it's really about new york and why everybody should come to new york to live and love their lives away in married bliss – sort of – in the greatest city in the world. that's if you're a new yorker...look, the 1970 movie is still an excellent comedy that realistically explored all the things that can go wrong when you take a trip somewhere, and included most of the situations and sight gags that you can imagine about what can happen to you in a strange environment. this 1999 version unfortunately goes off into gratuitous tangents specifically for an audience these days that expects or wants to see excess. for example, not content with the star appeal of the main players, there is a cameo (relatively long also) from rudy giuliani, then mayor of new york, as we all know. what – giuliani bucking for president even then? worse – a walking talking advertisement for the kinder face of new york.and then we have john cleese, reprising his role as basil fawlty – but this time, as a prancing cross-dresser also – once again browbeating hotel staff, sycophantically sucking up to rich customers and generally making himself look like the idiot he is, in this role. and, in the process, doing great damage to the memory of fawlty towers, arguably the best british comedy series, bar none...why was this 1999 movie made? in the 1970s, new york was a dying city, in many ways. it was almost literally bankrupt. so, when made in 1970, that was the city you saw: grim, dark, moody, unsettling and not the place that the harassed couple finally chose for their new life together in the big smoke (as it was then, polluted and all). by 1999, things had gotten better: glitz was back, new york was thriving, it was the big apple, ready for you to bite into, if you had the moxie...so, naturally, the couple in this second coming find that moxie within themselves and finally join the fabulous fray to continue the american dream of life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness. hence, this movie is truly comic but not for reasons that the producers perhaps envisaged. as much as i like steve martin and goldie hawn in comedy, this movie is a travesty of the much better one made with the great jack lemmon. if you've seen the latter, then definitely don't bother with this one.

someone should tell goldie hawn that her career as a teen-age gamin ended thirty years ago. this is one of the worst films released in years, an unequivocal disaster in which the two leads give themselves over to a frenetic exposition of their trademark tics in an effort to make up for a bad script and bad directing. this thing should have been smothered at birth.i hope john cleese got paid a lot for having his name attached to this disaster. he is the only performer who came through this stinking mess more or less unscathed, his only fault being a failure to realize that the rest of the cast would sink the picture.

this film so not funny - such a waste of great stars, who seem to be caught up so in their own stardom that they forget. only shining moments belong to john cleese as the hotel manager who likes to dress up - you almost fall out of your chair with helpless laughter when he dances to donna summer's "bad girls" while wearing high heels, a mink coat and a dainty hat. the rest: forget it!

one would think (as i did), that with steve martin, goldie hawn, and john cleese, a movie should be, at the very least, decent. these stars (especially martin and cleese) have produced some of the funniest works of comedy of all time.well, apparently i was grossly mistaken--this is single-handedly one of the worst movies i have ever seen. it boggles my mind how one joke after the other can be so profoundly unfunny. it pained me to watch these talented actors execute one of the most positively lame scripts i have had the misfortune to come across. based solely on the big names, i remained hopeful for a long time through the duration of the film, but it consistently failed to provide any entertainment whatsoever.normally, both with movies and in life, i try to stay away from biased comments and broad generalizations. but with this film, it's hard not to let loose. i can count on one hand, perhaps even two or three fingers, major hollywood productions that left me more bitter than this. this is easily one of the worst comedies ever made.i tried to enjoy this---i really did. but the out-of-towners ultimately fails miserably. if you really want time-efficient entertainment, just take your money and watch it swirl as you flush it down the toilet. just please don't watch this movie.

within 15 minutes, my whole family was rooting for goldie hawn's character to die, or at least for steve martin's character to leave her. at 40 minutes, we turned it off. there are only a couple of movies a year we try that turn out so annoying that we can't even stomach it long enough for the story to get established.normally i like both steve martin and goldie hawn, and i remember enjoying the neil simon original. so i blame marc lawrence and sam weisman. combine the director of "whats the worst that can happen" and the writer of "miss congeniality 2", and i guess this is what we end up with.

granted, this seems like a good idea. steve martin, goldie hawn, and john cleese in a neil simon comedy. where can you go wrong? watch the movie, and you'll find out.in truth, martin, the lead, is mis-cast. he's not doing the great slapstick he's known for, from movies like "the jerk", but instead plays a sort of in-between character that doesn't work. hawn, with no one to play off of, is terrible. cleese is the only even partially funny member.to top it off, the plot is pretty stupid. i can't say how much of it may have been changed, but the characters seem to lack the slightest bit of common sense. they blunder through new york, not doing anything right, and unfortuneatly, nothing funny. not only is the whole premise completely unbelievable, it seems to give the message that people who don't live in new york aren't very bright, a theme repeated throughout the movie.in summation, instead of seeing this, go rent the original "odd couple" again.

in an apparent attempt to avoid remaking the original movie an excellent cast that should have made this inherently funny, classic neil simon material better than the original failed on every level.the chemistry between goldie hawn and steve martin that was magic in `housesitter' was nonexistent in this effort.

many people see this as a classic, but i obviously must have missed something. life in anarene, texas in the early 50's is pretty dull - which means that a movie about life in anarene, texas in the early 50's will be pretty dull too! what is it that so many people see in this? once the last picture show in anarene closes there really won't be anything to do in town. duane (jeff bridges) makes that point at the end of the movie. but even before it closes there isn't much to do, so basically everything revolves around sex. high school students make plans for how to lose their virginity - sometimes with each other and sometimes with some of the equally bored adults in town. you see, there's not much for them to do either - except to have sex (sometimes with each other and sometimes with the bored teenagers) or to whine about the local high school football team. three times something happened that i thought was going to add some spark of drama to the movie. sam (ben johnson) dies unexpectedly, but nothing really happens because of that, sonny (timothy bottoms) and jacy (cybill shepherd) elope, but nothing really happens because of that, joe bob (barc doyle) kidnaps a little girl, but nothing really happens because of that. the only thing that added anything of dramatic value to the movie came at the end with the death of billy (sam bottoms) which really points out the emptiness of life in this pathetic little town, as the men stand around looking at the body debating where to go for breakfast.peter bogdanovic filmed this in black and white, which is intended i suppose to point out how grey this town is, but the only thing i found interesting was the early look at actors like bottoms, shepherd, bridges and randy quaid. (as an aside it was terrifying to see how much quaid - in 1971 - actually looks like his character of cousin eddie in the national lampoon vacation movies.) classic? i don't think so! 3/10

it's sort of hard for me to say it, because i so greatly enjoyed both "targets" and "paper moon", but i thought "the last picture show" was a somewhat fascinating but overly self-indulgent film. its main positive, as far as i'm concerned, is the stunning photography. but for me the film had nothing to offer beyond surface beauty (and a kind of hidden beauty, at that). the characters were very hard to relate to or to care about. basically you had this very slow pace and this naturalistic style of acting, but it was all there to prop up a very formulaic and predictable story, complete with all the trappings one would expect from any small town melodrama -- everything from the boy cheating with his teacher's wife to the handicapped kid who everyone picks on. it was like "american graffiti" without the joy of life.some might say this film is more realistic -- nowadays a lot of people seem to think that realism is the only virtue a film can possess. but for me the film was simply oppressive, and i want to see it again about as badly as i'd like to spend a few hours in that miserable town the characters live in.maybe this film really just belongs to its time -- perhaps if i'd seen it in 1971 i would have been impressed by its novelty, just by seeing something different on the screen. but that would basically assume that i had never seen anything like, say, godard's "breathless". maybe the overt references to classic films would have appealed to the movie geek in me and helped me to overlook some of the film's weaknesses. but in the post-tarantino world that hardly seems unique or special either.it is interesting though how he uses the films in the film to give his own film more depth. we see 3 films as i recall in the picture show. first we see vincente minnelli's "father of the bride" -- liz taylor's exquisite looks provide a contrast to sonny's girlfriend and minnelli's studied upper-middle class milieu contrasts to the character's "real life" surroundings in a similar way. later, clips from howard hawks' "red river" emphasize the theme of a broken friendship between a mentor and a protégé. it really just reminds me that bogdanovich is kissing his own mentor's butt, much as he did if i remember correctly by selecting a hawks film as part of his own on-screen reverie with boris karloff in "targets". i guess in 1971 this kind of thing was new but looking at it today it just seems self-indulgent, like so much of the rest of this film.ultimately, i'd rather see another film by hawks, ford or minnelli than to have bogdanovich's film remind us of why they were so striking in such a less-than-subtle way. maybe he intends to remind us of the giants whose time had passed -- all he really does is remind us how small he and most of his contemporaries are in relation.

this is the kind of movie which shows the paucity of french cinema when it comes to making thrillers.the director's desire to "sound american" is so glaring that you will not be fooled a minute,unless you have not seen a serial killer movie since "peeping tom".two male cops (or one and a half,more like,as you will see),horrible murders,a plot more complicated than complex.charles berling is not lucky with the genre(see the astoundlingly dumb "l'inconnu de strasbourg" a couple of years ago).the scenes with his pregnant wife -which are supposed to be a counterpart for the otherwise noir atmosphere of the rest of the plot-are among the worst ever filmed.add a steamy love scene between them and a gory autopsy to get a pg 12 and thus to attract the huge adolescent audience.a violent and absurd conclusion,followed by a silent epilogue who could make a nice commercial for the côte d'azur,it's really the silence of the lame.

i totally agree with the review by a reviewer of variety that the film is never quite as funny, lively or insightful about the creative process as its premise would seem to warrant. narratively it is messy and the lighting is really problematic. if the film is supposed to be character-driven the poor lighting doesn't enhance the acting and it is sometimes difficult to observe the facial expressions of the actors. many non-south africans will have difficulty in following the spoken english in the film and some of the local humor will be lost in the process. i watched the film at the cape town world cinema festival last year. comments and reactions to the film ranged from unwatchable and sloppy to a welcome departure from the films about our painful past. unfortunately bunny chow won't be remembered as one of the bright lights of the south african new wave, but some of the remarkable films about our apartheid history will indeed be rated among our best in our 110 year old film history. not surprisingly the film disappeared from cinemas in cape town only two weeks after its release and from most of the cinemas in durban and gauteng. it has clearly limited appeal among south african audiences.

i so wanted to believe in this movie after the only form of mainstream comedy this country recognises is slapstick and stereotypes.of course, it went completely the other way - let's be cool and edgy - and came out the other side with little to show for it. i bet one small seed went nuts for this. i know sl did.none of the main characters have the comedic chops to pull it off. even danny k had better timing. i'm actually being serious. every time they introduced a bit character i kept thinking, "darn, this person should have been the lead!".independent doesn't mean that the camera work needs to be horrible. black and white did nothing for this movie - actually with such flat dialogue it hurt this even more by bringing the boredom into sharp relief. the black and white also wasn't crisp. the composition was horrible. the use of music was horrible. strangely enough i watched little miss sunshine after this movie and the composition on that was superb - maybe that's why the deficiencies in this movie stick out in my mind.i think corne (who was funnier than the leads before he even said anything) was speaking to this movie and not david - see it and you'll understand. i bet the guys who organise oppikoppi were dismayed. one would think nothing happens there at all. i got the feeling it could have been filmed in someone's back garden. i know regular guys who have much funnier, raunchier and wittier conversations than any of these "comics". the dude who they hooked up with end was ok though.guess sa comedy's gonna stay in the stone age a little longer. nice work guys.

this could have been a very good film, if i had been able to watch it. the hand held camera was very bouncy. from the opening credits i was worried. several of us watching it felt very nauseous by the end. but we did stay until the end because it was such a charming and interesting film, giving some insight to the young pop culture in south africa. the black and white film did enhance the artful feeling of it. the acting seemed very authentic. some of the dialog was a little hard to understand, but a theater full of non-south africans seemed to find most of it funny. if you get motion sickness at all though, you may seriously consider skipping this film. it's quaint, but not worth the nausea.

i could not even bring myself to watch this movie to the end. i cannot comment on the story as i did not watch the whole film and the reason i couldn't watch it was because of the 'actors'. firstly, for the most part they just looked stiff and i'm sure their scripts were in their hands just out of frame - but that's a minor issue. the main issue i have with the actors isn't really their fault... it's whoever cast this film! come on, this movie came out in 2003... i thought that casting people in their late twenties to play teenagers went out of fashion with new wave?! i cannot watch a movie where one of the first lines, from a grown man older than myself, is "i'm 17!" how can anyone take that seriously????? don't fall victim to this movie, go out for a walk for 90 minutes and you'll get far more than this movie could ever give.

i saw this film at the ny gay & lesbian film festival and thought it was pretty bad. first and most distracting was the way much of it was shot; that is, a lot of slow motion and overly arty close-ups that seemed to have no point--story wise or aesthetically--other than to show the skills of the cinematographer (who i believe was also the director). this film seemed what a pretentious film student would come up with. the lead actor (sam levine) was certainly very cute, but was a mediocre actor at best; and the rest of the cast ranged from so-so, to bad. the story itself was mostly annoyingly predictable. i do have to concede that most of the audience seemed to enjoy the film; laughing and sighing constantly, but i disliked it a great deal.

i basically found eden's curve to be a very poorly constructed that made it difficult to watch. however, there is something i must say about how the director captured something about the atmosphere of the early 70's in the choice of settings and clothing. the "back to the earth" philosophy and the interest in sexual exploration and drugs that was not dramatically decadent, as portrayed in many later versions of the 70's was right on, as was the "don't ask don't tell" pseudo-liberalism of the fraternity made up of east-coast intellectuals, except that i would have thought this was more likely of a new england school rather than one in virginia, where i imagine the "good ole boy" mentality still dominated even elitist schools like this one. another thing i appreciated and could relate to is that this was a time when homosexuality was not linked so much to leathermen or drag queens and i appreciated some homosexual roles not related to these terribly overused images. i felt it was very unfortunate that "gay culture" took on certain standard forms in the 80's out of castro and christopher streets and these defined the movement and left out huge numbers of gay men that were more subdued in their lifestyles. i appreciated the film mainly as a way of remembering a more natural way we were about our sexuality and personal relationships without "the scene."

this is one of those movies that's trying to be moody and tense, and instead, ends up tripping all over itself. having seen it at a queer film festival, i was intrigued by the "young college threesome gone wrong" write-up, however, over-all ended up quite disappointed.it's hard to critique a "true story" since there's not much that can be done about the plot - but i found this disjointed, melodramatic and wholly depressing. it's dark and almost sinister, painting a darn creepy flash of the seventies with imposing music and jerky close-ups. it just doesn't work - some scenes where so cheesy that instead of hushed awe, my audience was supressing snickers and rolling eyes.the story has an interesting premise, but this just spins downward into a dark, miserable spiral.

everybody just seems to be raving about the subject, and not really noticing how the movie was made. the deaf, mute guy is fine, the underdog wins - that's good, the cricket aspect is great, but the movie is average overall. i think it could be made much much better than it is.the plot is too predictable for a movie that is not based on a real life event. i'm sure the movie could have been made more interesting. the songs are just stuffed in there, and i had to literally forward the scenes where the same thing would be shown from different angles.good acting, though. watchable.

once big action star who fell off the face of the earth ends up in a small town with a problem with drug dealers and a dead body of a federal agent. reuniting with some former co-stars to clean up the town.low key, often to the point of blandness, "action" comedy mostly just doesn't work. part of the problem is the casting chris klien as a former action hero. he's not bad, but he's really not believable as some one who was taken to be a tough guy. as i said he's not bad, he's just just miscast for what his back story is. the real problem here is the combination of the script, which really isn't funny and seems artificial at times, and the direction which is pedestrian to the port of dullness. there is no life in the way things are set up. its as if the director had a list of shots and went by that list. it makes for an un-engaging film. and yet the film occasionally springs to life, such as the in the final show down that ends the film. that sequence works, but because the earlier parts of the film floundered its drained of much of its power.i can't really recommend the film. its worth a shot if you're a fan of the actors or are a huge fan of independent cinema in all its forms, but otherwise this is just a disappointment.

it's been a long time since i last saw a movie this bad.. the acting is very average, the story is horribly boring, and i'm at a loss for words as to the execution. it was completely unoriginal. o, and this is as much a comedy as clint eastwood's a pregnant schwarzenegger! one of the first scenes (the one with the television show - where the hell are you?) got it right - the cast was 80% of let's face it - forgotten actors. if they were hoping for a career relaunch, then i think it might never happen with this on their cv! the script had the potential, but neither 80% of the actors nor the director (who's an actor and clearly should stick to being an actor) pulled it off. fred durst was the only one who seemed better than any of the rest.i'm sorry, but if you ever consider watching this - i highly recommend you turn to something less traumatic, because not only it's a total loss of time, but also a weak example of what bad cinema looks like.

dumb is as dumb does, in this thoroughly uninteresting, supposed black comedy. essentially what starts out as chris klein trying to maintain a low profile, eventually morphs into an uninspired version of "the three amigos", only without any laughs. in order for black comedy to work, it must be outrageous, which "play dead" is not. in order for black comedy to work, it cannot be mean spirited, which "play dead" is. what "play dead" really is, is a town full of nut jobs. fred dunst does however do a pretty fair imitation of billy bob thornton's character from "a simple plan", while jake busey does a pretty fair imitation of, well, jake busey. - merk

in a movie that follows a struggling actor, played, evidently, by a struggling actor, this does no favours for chris klein. he struggles to bring anything memorable to the role and meanders on through the shallow script managing to display, what could only be described as, a bland leading man. the story exists, but that is all, and fails to show any basic start, middle and end and the viewer is left shrugging his shoulders feeling as though nothing in the past hour and three quarters has really happened.one bright light in the midst of this is fred durst, who manages to stand out above his seemingly averagely talented co-stars and does a semi-decent job of bringing the backward character of legde to life. whether fred can re-create this when working with a higher calibre of cast remains to be seen but i'l be watching out for him in future.

bridges of madison county is a better made version of this story. i felt the ending of this movie was not handled sensitively as they did in the original english movie. this movie is very indianised, if you are a very sensitive person who cries in a movie when hero dies in the end you'll love this movie, on the other hand if you are a fighter in life and think crying is for wimps you may not like the ending.but on the whole it's pretty good subject is well handled for indian conditions. tabu was good as a caring wife and mother. everybody acted well.

it is considered fashion to highlight every social evil as a result of patriarchy and male dominance, however moronic this illogical 'logic' may be. however within the story and theme of the film, there is no grey area and the woman who should be called the film's antagonist, is the ''villain of the story''. under no circumstances can what she did be justified. sexuality of women is just hype in this case and has nothing to do with the actuality. it is betrayal of the ultimate sort. the man ended up spending his resources and time in the wasteful raising of another man's offspring. to top it all, the most feeble of arguments raised by the 3 'liberated' female characters in the climax is pathetic. a woman's sexual needs are no excuse for her to commit adultery and continually betray her husband and worse, there are no other children. so in essence his life has been wasted. in some societies where justice still prevails, such situations result in the execution of the unjust.

joyce reynolds seems a might grown-up for the role of janie, a boy-crazy sixteen-year old in small town america who ditches her steady guy for a visiting soldier and winds up on the cover of life magazine (smooching at a blanket party) all in the same week! non-stop barrage of wisecracks, put-downs, bull talk, and unfunny bits of business such as janie's little sister bribing family members, hattie mcdaniel (as the maid) constantly scuttling after sassy kid sis, janie's mother involved with the red cross, and janie's father trying to write an editorial on the problems with today's teenagers (as the parents, stuffy, sexless edward arnold and pert, chatty ann harding make an unlikely couple, even for 1944; he looks incapable of helping to conceive a child much less raising two of them). nominated for an academy award (!) for owen marks' editing, warner bros. followed this in 1946 with "janie gets married". reynolds must have outgrown her co-horts by then--she was replaced by joan leslie. *1/2 from ****

i should have never watched this movie. the style of filming may be considered artsy to some, but it is considered migraine-inducing to me. i think it may have had an interesting plot, but since i couldn't watch it for long stretches at a time i missed a lot. the flickering pictures and stop motion filming branded my brain. i stopped watching mid way through and won't be back for a second try. i suppose if i were home alone in my own lighthouse some dark and stormy evening, this might be just the ticket... ps not sure if the lighthouse/ film style thing can be considered a spoiler, but i don't want to be blacklisted on my first review ;)

this is one of those films that's more interesting to watch from an academic perspective than from an entertainment perspective. i do my ratings based on how much i enjoyed or was entertained by the movie, so i'm giving it a 4. if i were to rate it as an academic film, though, it would get a 10.it is shot in a very interesting manner, like a pseudo-silent film with elements of sound effect and reality. it's meant to convey disjointed memory and fragmentation of the mind, and it is interesting in these respects.however, the film has a lot of disgusting elements to it that i didn't find all that entertaining. they're mainly just disturbing. it has some very interesting imagery too, and some interesting concepts, but some of the character relationships (especially between the mother and son) are pretty disturbing.in all, this film will either appeal to you or it won't. for me, it was interesting from an academic perspective, but it wasn't a good watch, and i'll probably not go back to it a second time.4/10 if you're looking for entertainment. 10/10 from an academic standpoint.

i've noticed how all the other reviews of this film mention how "wholesome" and "entertaining" it is. these people need to get out of the house more often. i don't know why they're shilling for this vapid, insipid, brainless piece of fluff. pat boone has absolutely no acting talent whatsoever, and his ineptness is exceeded only by that of his co-star pamela austin, a former model (yet one more reason to outlaw the insidious practice of inflicting talentless models on an unsuspecting moveiegoing public, a foul habit that unfortunately persists to this day). a good supporting cast (terry-thomas, edward everett hortyon, among others) tries hard to make some sense out of this, but to no avail. i noticed that two directors shared credit, although "credit" isn't the word i would use (neither is "director"). as for "wholesome entertainment," there are plenty of those types of movies available without torturing your loved ones by forcing them to sit through this. find one of those films, and skip this one.

while not exactly offensive, the 1967 version of "the perils of pauline" is certainly moronic. the title might lead you to expect a tribute to pearl white (the original pauline in the 1914 silent 20 episode serial) but for that you would be better served by the 1947 version starring betty hutton. this 1967 version is like a mix of "casino royale" and the weakest of the elvis movies. worst of all it is not a blend of these but more like someone scotch-taped together segments from each so that the thing skips back and forth between the two styles. what unity there is in the production comes from the pairing of pamela austin (pauline) and pat boone (george steadman), a good match because both lack even the most basic of acting skills (imagine mandy moore playing opposite dan quayle). austin would later play opposite john aston in "evil roy slade", with the talent disparity between them actually painful to watch. in the mid-60's she was the "dodge rebellion" girl, as such she was featured in a similar series of perilous situations-imagine sandra dee in a dark blue jumpsuit. when the automaker's ad agency replaced her with the "dodge fever" girl someone got the bright idea to showcase her in a feature film. what story there is here begins with pauline growing up in the baskerville foundling home run by the actress who played mrs. chatsworth osborne sr. on "dobie gillis". george falls in love with her (pauline-not mrs osborne) and sabotages several opportunities she has to be adopted. george leaves to seek his fortune and 19 year old pauline gets a job tutoring a young oil rich middle eastern prince. when he tries to add the attractive blonde to his harem she runs away and goes from peril to peril. these include african pygmies, a 99½ year-old millionaire who wants to freeze her until his one year-old grandson is old enough for marriage, the movie industry, and the russian space program.all this is intended to be silly and charming but manages only the silly part. there is some effort to incorporate a silent film look to the action sequences by simulating the under- cranking of a camera (which speeds up the action). unfortunately everything else (film stock, production design, editing) is depressingly 1960's. nothing here even approaches the images of pearl white strapped to a log moving toward a buzz-saw or tied to railway track waiting for the approaching train.then again, what do i know? i'm only a child.

like some of the other folks who have reviewed this film, i was also waxing nostalgic about it...before i had the misfortune to actually watch it again. alas, my childhood memories of this film were completely untrustworthy, and the perils of pauline is now revealed to be an embarrassing exercise in banal, racist, and plain boring film-making. even the presence of old pros edward everett horton and terry-thomas can't overcome a rancid screenplay, a horrible theme song, and some wretched 'special effects'. in addition, the stereotypical depictions of african and arab characters make for painful viewing, especially considering this was produced in the immediate wake of the civil rights movement. michael weldon's original psychotronic encyclopedia reports that the perils of pauline was originally produced for television but inexplicably ended up getting a theatrical release. judging from the results, that is a completely believable (and baffling) scenario.

i've seen the original non-dubbed german version and i was surprised how bad this movie actually is. thinking i had seen my share of bad movies like ghoulies 2, rabid grannies, zombie lake and such, nothing could've prepared me for this! it really was a pain to sit through this flick, as there's no plot, no good acting and even the special effects aren't convincing, especially the so-called zombies, wearing nothing more than white make-up and their old clothes, so their good set wouldn't be ruined by ketchup and marmalade stains. if you really want to waste 90 minutes of your life, then watch it, for all the others, don't do it, because you will regret it!

a movie best summed up by the scene where a victim simulates disembowelment by pulling some poor animal's intestines out from under her t-shirt. too terrible for words.

this really is one of the worst movies ever made. i consider myself a huge zombie film fan and usually tolerate bad acting, lame "special effects" a dumb story and whatever you may encounter in second rate movies, as long as the film has a good atmosphere/story/suspension or whatever to offer. this one has basically no positive aspect to it and is third or fourth rate, maybe worse. some friends of mine and myself made a small movie during a week´s holiday and definitely did a better job (no zombie film though).this flick is not even funny, not speaking of anything else. really bad and redundant special effects, zombies that look like normal people (except for a white additional skin pulled over their faces), way to much fake blood (i like realism a lot, the combination of realism and zombie films being debatable, but the presented gore is just plain silly). the camera stays quite long with feedings scenes, it gets boring and you cannot help but wonder, why the zombies use weapons (!) to kill their prey. i will not go into the details of the dubbing (others have done so). although i am from germany myself and am at least a bit curious about the original version, i will not waste more of my time with this movie.keep away from it, as far as you can.

this movie is god awful. not one quality to this movie. you would think that the gore would be good but it sucks bad. the effects are worse and the acting if you can call it acting is the worst i've ever seen. this movie was obviously shot on a camcorder and runs on a budget around 500 dollars probably. if you want to watch a good zombie movie than watch dawn of the dead or day of the dead. if you want to watch a good cheap shot on video zombie movie like this but way better than watch redneck zombies. please avoid this movie at all costs. it is unwatchable and pointless. you've been warned. i've got nothing else to say about this stupid movie.

first, i am not really a fan of the whole "things eating flesh in disgusting new ways" genre of film but i am a bad movie afficionado so my next door neighbor said he had the worst movie ever. this one. so we start watching it. first and foremost - it is recorded on a camcorder sans tripod! second the voice of the skinny white doctor is dubbed by a large black man! third, none of the dialogue makes any sense. fourth, the zombie scenes, though unconvincing and chockful of poor makeup and tomato paste, lead me to believe the director (and my next door neighbor) are in need of psychological help. it's funny for about 5 minutes but it gets old fast. it's so amateurish it's like watching a poorly dubbed high school video yearbook.... with zombies. a note to anyone involved with this movie - i want the 20 minutes of my life i spent watching this, before i fell asleep, back.

wow, not only is this film a "new lesson in real bad taste," but also a lesson in "real bad film making." don't get me wrong, i appreciated the concept of 'zombie '90: extreme pestilence,' but at the same time one must realize when a movie is terrible. in case you missed out on the storyline, the plot of 'zombie '90' is about a government plane carrying toxic chemicals that so happens to crash into the wilderness, causing the chemicals to spill, turning locals into hideous looking zombies. the next thing you know, zombies are all over the city eating people alive, while a goofy-looking doctor and a government agent are trying to figure out the disease that's making these people eat one another - hence the name "extreme pestilence." from then on, all we see is zombies having a field day on every local in sight - nothing but extreme and sickening disembowelments and dismemberments accompanied by endless buckets of guts and gore. since this is a german film, the film had to be dubbed into english and when you're not laughing at the feeding frenzies of the zombies, the voice-overs are quite hilarious and entertaining as well. as user unratedx mentioned *spoiler* *spoiler* *spoiler*, there is a scene in the film that crosses the line between what's acceptable and not acceptable, hence the scene in which a woman, who is carrying her infant baby, is being wheeled around in her wheelchair by some dude and a horde of zombies come out of nowhere and attack them. one zombie grabs the baby and rips it into pieces, eating its organs as you hear the baby crying. wow, that is a new lesson in reallllllllly bad taste. atrocious i tell you, atrocious.

this is one of the worst movies i've ever encountered, but i want to say that some of the criticisms i had heard turned out to be unwarranted..as far as pure film-making technique goes, this director is competent. he's held back by the limited budget and the vhs camera, but the actual editing, camera angles, camera movements and scene staging are pretty professional. i've seen many movies where the "directing" was much worse. at least the scenes flow in a way that is not confusing and he has a few clever shots here and there. also, the forest scenes contained a decent atmosphere. there is only so much you can do with a vhs camera, and he does a nice job as far as the technicalities go. as far as artistic merit, there is none. the scene where the camera pans down so that we can watch a guy urinate in the woods for 15 seconds sort of epitomizes the artistic style of the whole film. this is pure trash... total garbage.the gore is decent for a film in this budget range. , it's obviously fake but there's lot's of it, and it's very outlandish..i saw the american version with the intentionally campy dubbing. this was a good idea (and it's the only thing that allowed me to make it through the film)... unfortunately, it's overdone, especially towards the end.it's really a terrible film, but i have to recommend it for it's camp value. it's really hard to find a movie that's worse than this and that sort of puts it in a unique category.

this review is based on the dubbed shock-o-rama video released on an undeserving world in 2002. how bad is it? it's awful, which is what a '1' represents on the imdb scale--but it's much worse than that. it's nice to imagine that an original german-language print might improve matters--the comedic english-language dubbing isn't funny at all--but truthfully, this is one of the worst amateur films of any genre you're likely to see. the zombies in the film are as slow and clumsy as ever, and they don't seem to have the ability to speak or think about anything beyond their next meal. however, they're also intelligent enough to operate chainsaws and malicious enough to know that western taboos about genitalia will no doubt enliven their dinner table conversation. george romero's land of the dead posited a zombie nation that retained a shred of social coherence; here, zombies are nothing more than an empty canvas for the perverse imaginings of director andreas schnaas. utterly without redeeming social value, and even worse, entirely lacking as entertainment, zombie '90 is a bad joke on anyone who wastes money on it.

what in god's name happened here? how does one go about creating what is practically a cheap knockoff of redneck zombies? was zombie '90 ever supposed to entertain someone ...anyone, or even make a dollars profit? but mainly, what happened here? zombie '90 extreme pestilence was directed by a lunatic by the name of andreas schnaas, who specializes in earth-shattering gore films, such as goblet of gore, and anthropophagus 2000, and some of which contain profanity in the titles. in the gore department, this one isn't much different than the rest. although, the level of ineptness ...well, earth-shattering.zombie '90 extreme pestilence is as bad as peter jackson's dead-alive is gory, think about it.getting too specific with the story would be a waste of time. an accident, involving chemicals causes the dead to come back, and eat the living. never has the concept been treated in such a manner. the gore effects are a whole, new low. just a z-grade nightmare. i can't tell whether, or not this was originally meant to be funny, somehow, i doubt the english dubbing was being very true to the original script, but stranger things have happened. the whole thing just reminds me of a shot-on-video introduction to a troma movie, except it lasts a hell of a lot longer.i've seen only one film that was worse than this, the chooper.for proof that andreas schnaas is an actual director, i would highly recommend nikos the impaler if you think you have no standards in what you look for in a bad movie, give extreme pestilence a try, but you've been warned. it takes nerves of steel to make it all the way through. but if gore is all you're here for, then you might be able to stomach this one. other than that, no atmosphere, no, and i mean no budget, no entertainment value, but mostly, no pride. show some pride, schnaas. 1/10 updated 7/5/09: after a few more viewings of zombie '90, i've had a change of heart, or i guess i just get it now. zombie '90 is hilarious, so nevermind the harsh words, although, extreme pestilence still only deserves one star.

this show is awful. how is george wanting the death of his mother funny? this show is terrible. the parents are obviously horrible and the children should be taken to child services. the daughter is a witch with a b and the son is just a complete brat. george isn't funny, especially when he speaks his loud and obnoxious brand of spanglish. ernie is a loser, but at least i've chuckled at him a few times, but mainly at how pathetic he is. george's mother, benny, in an awful, despicable character. sure, her husband left her, but how anyone can laugh at the way she treated george as a baby is beyond me.can someone explain to me how george's head being big is funny? it's not even that big! i've moved on from characters because they're too awful and it would take hours for me to write and i, frankly, don't care enough. i do care enough to tell anyone looking at this and wondering whether or not they want to watch this show, that this show is an abysmal excuse for a sitcom, and is not worth your time.i give it 2 starts, because the wife is extremely attractive.

this show was absolutely terrible. for one george isn't funny, and his kids are snobby little brats. he also treats his mother with no respect. as a hispanic, i am highly offended by this show and the way the characters are portrayed.plus the dysfunctional family thing's been done to death. for once, i want to see something original. what makes this show funny when other shows have done it millions of times? i thought abc would come to its senses and pull this piece of garbage off the air, but sadly, we're going to have to stomach this until they "jump the shark".in my opinion, they already did.

outside of the fact that george lopez is a pretentious jerk, his show is terrible.nothing about lopez has ever been funny. i have watched his stand-up and have never uttered any resemblance to a laugh.his stuff comes across as vindictive and his animosity towards white people oozes out of every single pore of his body.i have laughed at white people jokes from many a comedian and love many of them.this guy has a grudge that won't end.i feel bad for hispanics who have only this show to represent themselves.the shows plots are always cookie cutter with an hispanic accent.canned laugh at the dumbest comments and scenes.might be why this show is always on at 2am in replay.

i watched this show and i simply didn't find it funny at all. it might have been the first episode. lately i realize abc is playing a lot of stupid shows nowadays and is going down as a station. all the characters on this show are pretty bad actors, but even if they were good the jokes and script are pretty horrible and would still bring the show down. i would say that i believe this show will be cancelled, but seeing as how abc is doing pretty horrible for quality of shows they are playing, they might just keep this one simply because it's average compared to them.

despite positive reviews and screenings at the international festivals, this movie is not for everyone.the story is very similar to other movies, in which a teenage girl from the family of immigrants needs to overcome many common personal problems of her age, and also to struggle against the pressure of ethnic traditions in her family. she does that by choosing some kind of sport, and with the help of a local boy, that for some reason falls in love with her, she confronts her problems and wins.in girlfight it's boxing, in bend it like beckham it's soccer, and now it's kung fu.but fighter is much inferior product than these two, it was simply embarrassing to watch it. semra turan, the "actress" that playing the role of a teenage girl, maybe can do a lot of things, but one thing she can't do is to act. her presence on the screen is anemic and clumsy, the dramatic situations, in which she tries to show some emotions, are dreadful, her body and facial language are of amateur actress, badly instructed by the director. the rest of the cast is a little better, but they just cannot save this cliché movie with stereotypical characters and shallow plot. besides a few relatively good moments this movie has nothing new or interesting to offer.even the kung fu fighting is not a reason to watch this, it's just so boring. the slow motion was really unnecessary, the choreography was basic and lacked the inspiration, and most of the kung fu scenes are just training or standing in all kind of kung fu positions, not actually fighting. not to mention how ridiculous it looks when a small and skinny girl fights big and muscular boys, and knocks them off their feet. the only reason this movie has been noticed at all is because it's european. it's very easy to publicize this movie - a first martial arts film from denmark, but don't be fooled, it's not. it's just a drama about stupid teenage girl and her problems, which are, by the way, not really convincing.bad movie with embarrassing lines, acting and story.

this ludicrous and inept film is certainly the most misguided version of "hamlet" to ever reach the screen. branagh's approach to the material can only be described as vulgar; going to such lengths as depicting ophelia in a straight jacket, having fortinbras' army appear suddenly on the horizon (looking very much like the climax of "monty python and the holy grail") when the palace is apparently guarded only by francisco (who shouts the very un-shakespearean cry of "ataaaaaaaaaaaaaaaack" before being gunned down), and multitudes of star cameos that harken back to the days of jimmy cagney's bottom and mary pickford's kate.branagh chose to set his film in an edwardian setting but at the same time decided to employ an almost uncut text, so that frequently the dialogue that is firmly rooted in elizabethan mentality makes no sense in the context that it is being performed. and branagh does not concern himself with such textural subtleties as the ambiguous nature of hamlet and olphelia's relationship, treating the audience to a vulgar nude sex scene between the couple that tosses any ambiguity right out the stained glass window.the uncut text does allow branagh to indulge in his favorite cinematic pastime: more footage of kenneth branagh. this is never so apparent as in the "how all occasions inform against me" speech that ends the first half of the nineteen hour film (at least that's how it feels), which attempts to play to a dramatic crescendo along the lines of gone with the wind's "i'll never be hungry again." this may serve branagh's ego, but it does not serve shakespeare or the speech: when i saw the film in the theater, i leaned over to my companion and snickered "great moments with mr. hamlet." branagh saves the funniest and most tasteless moment for last, when he attempts to out-do the olivier film and its justly celebrated death of claudius by having hamlet jump from off a high tower onto the monarch, impaling him with a sword. branagh's dane does in the king by heroically throwing an apparently magic rapier from across the palace to run through claudius' heart with a super hero's bulls eye. the only thing that saved the moment from being unbearably maddening was that it was so off-the-wall funny.while this film has been praised in some quarters as a serious depiction of the tragedy, it is in fact nothing but a star-studded display of a once-talented filmmaker being overtaken by his own narcissism. the emperor has no clothes, and this hamlet has nothing to offer but a few unintended laughs and the appalling sight of one man's ego out of control.

i couldn't believe my eyes once i've watched this movie. there's no point in it either then blood and violence. unlike other scary movies that had gore and a meaning to it this movie is just blood, gore, and killing one after another. this movie isn't interesting at all, has no meaningful plot or story line, nor does it have an intelligence in it. the blood looks very fake and this movie overall, is pointless. don't even waste your time with it. it's just an hour or two of mindless violence. it has many bloody scenes that aren't scary but just plain revolting. this is probably the worst horror film i have ever watched out of all the horror films i ever saw.

this movie pretty much sucked. i'm in the army and the soldiers depicted in this movie are horrible. if your in the military and you see this movie you'll laugh and be upset the entire movie because of the way they acted as a squad. it was ridiculous. they acted like a bunch of normal people with army uniforms on not knowing what to do. it was a pretty gory movie i'd have to say the least. there was a couple scenes where they try to make you jump. i'd recommend seeing it if you are bored and want to see a violent, gory movie. it will be a better movie also if your not in the military. i also would have to say i liked the first one better than this one.

isn't anyone else tired of that old cliché' where a nearly dead person shows up in a horror film, gives us some informations, and then blasts his head off for no apparent reason? i know i am.the sad thing is that it's use in this film is worthless. if you have seen the first film (the first remake i should say) then the information given is completely worthless, because you would have already known it. i guess, you can that it isn't worthless to the main characters..but then why does the idiot shoot himself in the head? wouldn't he want to live? sure, he would have died anyway..this is the second film to be titled "the hills have eyes ii." the first being the sequel to the original 70's film. this is where it gets a little complicated for someone like me. see, i'm probably part of minority of people my age that even knew there was a hhe2 to begin with, much less an original hhe1. and now that we have a sequel to a remake and the fact that this sequel is named exactly as the sequel to the original hhe1...it just makes it worse! but anyways..wes craven's original hills have eyes was decent. in the end, though, the idea was better than the presentation, but he most likely had a low budget. to be quite honest, wes craven isn't that good of a horror director. he's only made a few good horror movies (nightmare on elm st., new nightmare), a few alright ones (scream) and a bunch of horrible ones (cursed, shocker, vampire in brooklyn). oh yeah, and he made swamp thing, as well...but the original hhe2 falls under the latter category. i've only seen a few minutes, but it was terrible.now he has co-written the new hhe2..and it's such a disappointment! last year's hhe remake was even better than the original film. it was tense. i guess it had to do with the fact that the main characters were a family, and not a bunch of beer and pot and sex crazy teenagers. it made us feel dirty. for the first hour, we were in hell, and finally in the last few moments, the good guys got revenge on the bad guys and it felt good..this new film has no tension. no suspense whatsoever. just violent things happening to mostly stupid people. there is hardly any menacing presence here. just ugly hobos hiding under rocks.i'm getting tired of horror movies where people die because of the stupid mistakes they keep making. it was just the other day that i watching "deep blue sea" where samuel l. jackson kept on walking around the water, while giving the speech, and then he gets eaten by a shark, only because the idiot stayed to close to the water..something that nobody would do in the given situation! here is the exact same thing. people go off by themselves to take a leak even though they know people are dying..seriously, couldn't a potty break wait? and then when you think people would have learned, someone else goes of by themselves! seriously, isn't more scary when the characters are bringing their a-game and still losing? i would think so...it even under delivers. it should have made the first remake look like "the fog" remake (which was less menacing than an episode of "becker"). more bad guys. more time in the caves. more tension. more of everything.but it actually downgrades. less bad guys. no tension. sure we have more time in the caves, but not a whole lot happens there. in the end, it only seems like there is two or three bad guys. the last film made it seem like a whole tribe of people. where is this tribe? who keeps on watching them through binoculars? seriously, these are the things this film should have brought us, but it ends with the exact same promise that the last film gave us, with that exact same "being watched" scene. come on! i'll give the devil it's due. the look of the film is good..but thats it.i don't even think fans of gore will like this..though i'm probably wrong! there is gore (though most of it is sped-up while in the dark), but without the tension, and characters you even care about..the gore does nothing in my book! in the end, you're not frightened. you;re not shocked (unless you're an 8 year old girl). you don't even feel like you have seen anything new.

i appreciate the need to hire unknowns for these kind of 'horror' movies, but they should at least hire some proper actors. the sergeant especially is guilty of using his monotone to bulldozer every single line he has. but let's face it, the lines aren't really important. there isn't really a recognisable plot, so most of the writing involves the words f**k, s**t, m*****f****r and other assorted bad language in place of proper dialogue.the 'story' as it is, is mostly made up of seemingly random gore and death, with a couple of cringe-worthy 'surprises', which happen around 10 minutes after you see exactly what's going to happen. not only this, but there are several glaring plot holes and continuity errors (why are they going in there? didn't he have a weapon? wasn't he dead?), so it makes the whole film seem as if it has been cut down by the several hours it would take to fix them.another film which simply relies on blood and gore instead of any real cinematic experience.

my god. this movie was awful. i can't complain about it too much. i went to see it just to be grossed out. it did suffice, sort of. it's funny that the most disgusting part of the movie was in the very, very beginning where the woman is extremely vividly forced to give birth to a horribly mutated baby.i also think that it's funny that the most notable actor in the movie was the hispanic soldier, who was a supporting actor in next friday. everyone in the movie did a horrible acting job. it was some of the worst acting i've ever paid to see. i also expected that it would be much more gruesome than the first one. it wasn't. i expected it to be more gruesome because it's a sequel and horror movie sequels are usually much less successful than their predecessors. i expected it to be more gruesome since gore and violence usually sell a horror movie these days (grudge 2, saw 3, jeepers creepers 1 & 2, dead silence), but it actually wasn't nearly as gruesome as the first one, which was yet another disappointment. the mutants in the first one were kind of disturbing but the filmmakers were trying so hard in this one to make them creepy that they were absolutely hilarious.i also hated the entire concept of showing the clip of the female soldier's son on her camera-phone saying "i love you, mommy" four times. it was stupid to show it in the first place because they were just trying to make us feel worse for the vulnerable mother than the rest of the soldiers, and it was even more stupid to keep trying to make us feel even worse for her by showing it three more times for no reason. this movie was a joke.

i saw this film on its release, and have watched it 3 or 4 more times, including last week. i regret i have to be a voice of dissension with regard to mr. branagh's performance.this is really a glorious, sumptuous film, to say nothing of ambitious at over 4 hours long - beautifully shot and designed. derek jacobi, julie christie, kate winslet, richard briers, and many others do fine jobs. then there's kenneth branagh. if ever there was a vanity project for an actor, this is it, and mr. branagh spares nothing in putting the "ham" in hamlet. from the stunt casting (which gives us the worst performance ever by the woefully miscast jack lemmon), to the bits of distracting business thrown in to infuse a sense of "naturalness," to his own performance which runs the gamut from throwing away the single most famous soliloquy in all of literature to screaming every line of others. his performance confirms that, while he may come across better on stage where bigger is necessary, he has never been a great film actor. the scenery budget could be charged to catering, mr. branagh eats so much of it. his performance is a perfect example of why people don't go to see shakespeare - "full of sound and fury, signifying nothing." and if there is fault to his direction, it is that he keeps the camera firmly glued on his overblown performance.no matter what theories people may posit on the bard, he was, after all is said and done, a playwright. the brilliance of his plays rest in the fact that his themes are universal and timeless. although there is no "right" way to play his plays, there is most certainly great acting, good acting and bad acting. shakespeare himself gives instructions to the players in the text of "hamlet" itself. it amazes me how mr. branagh "mouthed" it, but did not hear it. it was an example of spending too much time working out how he's going to say something, and too little figuring out what he's saying.while mr. branagh has certainly done a wonderful job in mounting some entertaining productions, he would be wise to stay behind the camera and allow those who know the art of acting to practice it. his direction has always been better than his acting. i still give him immense credit for resurrecting interest in filming shakespeare. he set a great template for other productions. and, it would be interesting to see him onstage, from about 20 rows back. but, i do hope he chooses to direct more and act less.is it worth seeing? certainly. there are many little joys to be found in the film. but, it's a long, long movie and, by the end, one may feel less that they enjoyed than survived it.

martin weisz, who directed the solid "rohtenburg", will be taking the heat, with wes craven, for another shabby "the hills have eyes 2". the memory of the legendary original, which boasted an unbelievable storyline and a dog having a flashback, will be erased forever by this more technically polished remake (in name only). a bunch of national guardsmen (and women) are sent to a desert research area surrounded by hills filled with mutants. one by one the weekend soldiers are picked off. that's it. there is some hardcore violence and a reasonably brutal rape scene, but there is precious little else to get excited about. the film's "heroes" are the usual bunch of clichés and the mutants, a far cry from craven's original "family", mostly resemble brian thompson from "cobra" coupled with some creatures stan winston had left over from the "wrong turn" shoot. much of the action takes place in caves, ala "the descent", and is well shot by sam mccurdy. a laughable aspect is wes and jonathan craven's addition of a sympathetic mutant who skulks around his cave like leatherface in hooper's original "chainsaw". weisz will be blamed for this dull debacle, but he's not really at fault because he does his best to maintain suspense and squeeze some freshness out of the contrived situations. not a fan, unfortunately.

the premise of this awaited sequel was really good and after the huge success of the remake i expected a lot sincerely.the sad truth is that this movie is really absurd and inept. the situations are dumb and beyond reason and the acting is truly awful.this time there aren't likable characters or violins unlike the remake. also, the gore is not that abundant and when it happens it's truly bad.the violence is minimal and it's a shame because there are many arguments that make you think that there's room for heavy violence. i mean, there's a swat team that is hunting a family of cannibal mutants. you surely expect something different! when i watched it on the movies i wanted my money back.anyways this is a clear example of how rushed out movies turn out to be a mess and demonstrate poor quality on all aspects.a mess that let down the fans of the remake like me. that's why sequels are never welcomed; at least this movie isn't as terrible as the 1985 sequel to the original.

okay, let's not get confused here. if this is a sequel to a remake of an original horror classic, does that mean it also automatically is a remake of the original horror classic's sequel? here's to hoping that's not a general rule, as wes craven's own sequel to the original "the hills have eyes" – released somewhere during the mid-80's – is easily one of the worst and absolute most redundant horror movies ever made. part two didn't have an actual plot and re-used footage of the original only to further exploit the success of the genuinely gritty and petrifying premise. craven also wanted us to believe even dogs suffer from flashbacks and painful memories, as the loyal german shepard of the carter family re-experienced his bloody fight with one of the mountain hillbillies. there were quite a bit of alarming signs indicating us that this sequel would be a horrendous failure as well. the remake came out barely one year ago and here's the sequel already? the incredible speed of its release righteously causes you to question the quality of the script. don't they need a little more time if they want to come up with a film that should be scary, menacing and disturbing? with his excellent film, alexandre aja nearly single-handedly altered the general opinion about horror remakes, as he had the courage and intellect of changing essential elements in the plot and adding more nauseating gore than anyone could ever had hoped for. also, aja is quite a talented young director and made himself noticed with his french instant cult classic "high tension", but who is this new director? aja's "the hills have eyes" was an unexpected hit, appreciated by both experienced and older generations of horror fans as well as the younger and over-enthusiast target groups. it's a really good film and, even though an avalanche of new sequels and clones will be inevitable, it's highly unlikely that one of them will ever equal the surprising quality level of aja's smashing hit. bearing all this in mind, plus a rather large dose of personal skepticism, i must admit this rushed sequel really isn't as awful as anticipated. the screenplay is routine and clichéd horror fodder, introducing a fairly large number of characters with few or even no backbone and tastelessly depicting how they get slaughtered by traditionally repulsive-looking freaks. after the events of the first film, the us army has set up a camp in the middle of the new mexican desert to investigate the effects of the nuclear tests, which took place there in the 50's and 60's. for the horribly mutated survivors of the miner's community that stayed there during the radioactive testing, the scientists and researchers form a tasty starter until the main course of incompetent soldiers arrives by truck. they are just supposed to drop off food and supplies but encounter their ultimate military training exercise when faced with the relentless humanoids that live inside the remainders of the mines.this basically is just another by-the-numbers slasher with dumb characters who are, even after losing several of their friends already, still stupid enough to separate themselves from the group and act like easy targets to kill. it's also very easy to point out which ones will make it out of this adventure alive, especially when one of the soldiers is against all types of violence and another one continuously stares at video images of her cute 3-year-old son. "the hills have eyes ii" completely lacks – as to be expected – originality, logic and plausible situations. the mutated miners aren't nearly as menacing as their colleagues in part one, mainly because they aren't organized this time and only just behave like drooling and sex-hungry prototype monsters. since you don't care for the amateur g.i. joe "heroes" and definitely don't feel any sympathy for the eyes in the hills, this film is a whole lot less compelling and involving than last year's original. most peculiarly, this second film isn't nearly as violent and gory as the first! sequels usually compensate the lack of suspense and the absence of surprise-twists with extra bloodshed and more graphic killing sequences, but the action in this sequel is really tame compared to the sick footage featuring in its predecessor. there are a handful of scenes to satisfy the bloodthirsty horror fanatics – mainly showing soldiers falling down cliffs or getting shot by their own guns – but there sadly aren't any outrageous pick-axe battles or virulent dog attacks. what a shame! what's the point of a sequel if it even fails to surpass the level of grossness and/or gratuitous filth of the original? luckily enough the film is never boring or unnecessarily sentimental, and you'll have the most fun spotting all the things that don't make the slightest bit of sense! for example, wallets falling out of people's bloodied heads, women without any muscle power cast as tough-ass soldiers and – my personal favorite – assigning the one soldier with a speaking disability to operate the radio communications.

as an inspiring director myself, this movie was exciting to watch with criticism in mind. shot with low end digital camera probably with 35mm adapter for dof. the editing is good acting decent, sound effects aren't too over the top. i would have give it a 7 for an indie film, but the story aren't that interesting. it's more on the drama side, character developments than a horror flick.it's not for those who wants to get spooked startled frightened grossed out, or sit down with popcorn to just enjoy.honestly this movie would be good if we were still in the 50'sthis movie is about a family who has a dry field, and that is just that.

i am a big fan of the original book and this adaption is simply bad. first of all, it had trouble deciding if it is a kiddie toon or an adult one, that caused a strange mix of an adult story and some pretty violent scenes with a silly little duck that keeps giving "funny" moments in the beginning.but that's hardly important, the film is simply boring, unmoving and not true to the original story. it simply fails to transfer to the picture all the points orwell tried to make to his book.{spoiler}second revolution?!! haven't they guys learned anything?? who be the next napoleon then? benjamin?!!

first off, i have to say that i loved the book animal farm. i read it with my 9th grade class, and it was great. we also decided that watching the movie would be beneficial. the movie was so disappointing to me. the movie cuts out some characters, and misses a lot of the main points of the book. it skips around a lot, and doesn't explain anything in detail. if someone was watching this movie without having first read the book, they would be confused. the most disappointing thing in this movie to me, was the ending. the ending in the book was the most powerful, and in the movie, they changed it! it was supposed to be the pigs and men in an alliance and sort of "melting" together, but instead, the movie made it seem like the animals were going to rebel against the pigs. to sum up, i don't think that this movie captured the real meaning that orwell portrayed in his book.

a film with very little positive to say for it.firstly it has zero pace and is positively lacking in any drama.besides being remarkably slow the empty acre seems dedicated to using the same stock footage again and again. i lost count of how many times i had seen "that" field at night or that bit of cracked earth.it also has the fundamental flaw of thinking that if the audience don't know about things they will be gripped rather than just confused. so with no signs that there are any issues we suddenly find the marriage is not what it seems to be despite being given the impression that it's fine. we find jacob is possibly the worst farmer in the universe as he seems to spend no time on the farm and also seems to have bought land with a wholly useless acre. beth has a key to a warehouse of books? there are innumerable other questions some of which are resolved later in the movie, much later, in fact too late.and on the point of the acre. horror filmmakers note that large inanimate objects are inherently not scary – and also if they're meant to be an acre big then make them so.there is also a frightening lack of reasonability as beth (the best performer in the piece, followed by jefferson – the cop) suddenly appears to be accused of everything under the sun just because she is on "medication".with the full ten minutes plus of running round the fields looking for the missing child (did he crawl out of the window? he's six months old) the film descends into badly written scene after badly written scene. bad plinky plonk "horror" music fails to add atmosphere.often bad films can be amusing but not the empty acre, which is just bad.

animal farm (1954) was a very good read about the dangers of totalitarianism. how good ideals can be changed and distorted by those who are ignorant or rule with an iron fist and an empty head. sadly this movie does not portray either of these. what we're shown is a propaganda piece with a lot of finger waving and pointing. the animation and the direction were good considering the budget and the time period but the very essence of george orwell's novel is sorely missing.if you're one of those who want to see how not to adapt a novel or are just interested in seeing an adaptation of this brilliant novelette then by all means watch. i just found this one to be somewhat mediocre. just one man's opinion however.the remake is a notch below but not by much.

this film is a portrait of the half-spastic teenage boy benjamin who has to visit a boarding school because of his lousy marks in math. he didn't make the best experiences in life before and got serious self-esteem issues. after a rough start at his new school, he starts making friends, falls in love with a girl and does some american pieish teenage stuff.beside some comedy elements, the film is told in a very serious way, focussing on benjamin and his problems.if you already don't like this story outline, save your time and watch something else. if you do, please be aware of the following:1) benjamin is a total loser. whatever he does, he does it terribly wrong and then he goes for self-pity all the time. for me he wasn't that kind of "charming loser" who you can feel sympathy for and laugh with. instead he and his behavior really annoyed me and with my own teenage years not so far behind i could barely stand watching.2) the film hardly tries to be realistic and the story seems to be but from my experience the characters just aren't (except for janosch maybe). and yes, i know this film is based on an auto-biography written by a 17-year old - but having some experiences with german schools and german youth myself, i don't believe him.3) showing the sexual awakening really is an important thing for a film with this subject. but i doubt that teenage boys do an "ejaculate on the cookie"-contest where everyone has to hit a cookie with his sperm during mass-masturbation in the woods and the loser has to eat the sperm-wet cookie afterwards. although it kinda amused me in a contemptible way, it's nor funny neither underlining the serious attempts of this film.4) there's a sub-plot about benjamin's family and his father betraying his wife - still, i don't know why it's there and where to put it. it just bored me.well, i personally hated this film for having the character of benjamin, being without a message, concept, scheme, whatever and it's failing attempts to be dramatic and serious. however, i can image that some people may find it sensible and touching. if you liked "the other sister" you'll probably like this one, too. i hated both.17-year old boys shouldn't write an autobiography and if they do, it doesn't seem to be the best idea to make a film out of it.2 out of 10.

after stopping by the movie store to find something to watch, we stumbled on this. it looked appealing from the summary, at least, so we gave it a try. and here's the kicker: the first 20 minutes are interesting! it's actually enjoyable! oh, wait, spoke too soon.somewhere in there, the movie took a disgusting turn into fundamental, right-wing christian brain-washing. not entirely sure what happens, but i think the screenplay writer found god somewhere in there, finished writing this script, and had no time to edit it because he had a kkk meeting to get to with his friends from the westboro church and his hood wasn't clean.can they put warnings on this? i refuse to support this religious idiocy. much like video games have rating systems, movies need some sort of symbol: maybe a small cross in the bottom corner to show us that a movie is going to take a turn for the worse.unless you share sentiments with whatever moron came up with this story, and will have your bible open in your lap while you watch this and plan on how you'll convert your neighbors, don't waste your time. it's some of the worst junk that's come out in a very long time, and the radical religious nuts don't need anymore funding.

five minutes after watching this i logged on to imdb to warn all of you out there not to bother with this movie... genre:horror? it had moments of mild suspense and throughout the whole movie i was thinking to myself "somethings gotta happen soon" it did not...when the movie ended i felt so embarrassed for the writer/director i've never been the biggest fan of patrick rea this guy just does not know how to make movies and after watching this sorry excuse of a horror flick i've gone from not been the biggest fan to will not watch another of his works..i was taken in by the plot summary please don't make the same mistake.i gave this movie a 2 for the actors..they were not bad and it wasn't there fault they got such bad direction...

when i saw this movie, i couldn't believe my eyes. where these hilarious creatures, dustbin muppets with big pointy teeth, really meant to be scary? or where they designed to have a good laugh (i sincerely hope so). if you watch carefully you can even see the strings operating them (better; dragging them across the screen). the whole was rather funny than scary and i had a good time watching the movie because i was amazed by its overall incapacity to have only one good part. it is one big joke from beginning to end and i believe this movie belongs into a new category: so unbelievable crappy you'll be laughing from beginning to end. (i'm not even gonna try to comment on the acting or all the other things)

i suppose all the inside jokes is what made munchies a cult classic. i thought it was awful, though given the ridiculous story and the nature of the characters, it probably could've been a much better (and funnier) movie. maybe all they needed was a real budget.munchies, as many viewers have pointed out already, is something of a gremlins parody. hence, all the references to the movie. the movie begins somewhere in peru during an archeological dig. an annoying dufus named paul, aspiring stand up comedian who offers no sarcasm or witty jokes during the movie despite his career plans, is holed up with his dad in the caves. his dad is an unconventional kind of archeologist, searching the caves not for artificats or mummies or anything, but proof of u.f.o.'s. and that's where the munchies come into the picture. hidden in the crevice of a rock is an ugly little mutant that looks like a gyrating rubber doll with a gizmo voice. they name him arnold, stash him in a bag, and bring him home so paul's dad can finally show proof of extra terrestrial life.paul, the idiot that he is, breaks his promise to his dad to watch arnold (a wager he made with his dad, if he loses, it's off to community college to get a 'real' career). the creepy next door neighbor with the bad rug, cecil (television veteran harvey korman), wonders what his neighbors are up to. so, he and his lazy son, some airhead hippie type (who looks more like they should've made his character a biker or heavy metal enthusiast) to go and snatch arnold. why? a get rich quick scheme of course. and of course, even cecil's son is too dumb to look after arnold. and after a few pokes and prods at arnold, he multiplies into more munchies.this wasn't even a movie that was so bad it was good. it was just plain awful. i was hoping that the munchies would've mutated and killed the morons that were always after them, even paul and his girlfriend. at least it would be one way to get rid of all the bad acting in this movie that really hams up the movie. not to mention poor special effects that look like hand puppets. and really bad writing all around--it wasn't even funny--not even that young cop who can really give you the homicidal twitch in your eye. like i said, munchies, if they had been given an actual budget and better actors, they might've been able to pull off a good parody. pass.

here is what happened:1) head of bbc3 needs to make programmes aimed at different audience to bbc1 and bbc2 to keep licence and job.2) lenny henry offers his unfunny friends up.3) head of bbc3 snaps them up, completely ignoring the fact that they are not funny.worst of all, it is arguably racist, as all the characters play up to bad stereotypes. if a white person did this kind of thing, there'd be uproar!trash.

the title creatures wreak havoc at a peaceful little desert town. that's basically the whole plot for this film, and while the scenes devoted to the munchies themselves are somewhat fun (in a lowbrow kind of way), all the rest is just filler, and bad filler at that. from the "hero", who is a painful woody allen wannabe, to the ultra-dumb town cop, it's hard to pick the most irritating character in the film. there were some times when almost all of them were on the screen together and i was thinking, "ok, at least the girlfriend is cute, but why do we have to put up with the rest of those morons?". the film is also filled with pop references (from ozzy osbourne to linda blair), which probably made it already dated by the early 90's. (*1/2)

. . . and that's a bad thing, because at least if this had been a troma film, it would have had wanton violence and a greater sense of anarchic abandon that might have brought my rating up a bit.so what we have instead is a very tame (rated pg), barely lukewarm, low budget (roger corman produced it with an unknown director who has subsequently remained unknown) gremlins (1984)/critters (1986)-wannabe with almost exclusively flat humor, little of the logic that made gremlins work so well--fantasy logic or not, no suspense, no sense of adventure, and no violence or nudity to make up for it.although i'm sure some of the problems with the film are inherent in the script--let's face it, no one could deliver these jokes so that they would be funny--it seems like the biggest blame has to fall into the lap of the director, bettina hirsch. in more capable hands, munchies could have been entertaining.after all, it starts out like many great adventure films. simon waterman (harvey korman) and his son paul (charles stratton) are in peru on an archaeological dig. simon is a bit of a wacky archaeologist who is always floating theories about the connections between ancient sites and alien civilizations. for example, he thinks he sees evidence of laser-cutting on ancient stonework. so they're at machu picchu looking for more evidence of simon's theories when they happen upon a secret chamber. inside they quickly find the animal they later dub "arnold", one of the titular munchies.they take arnold back home to their small california desert town. simon, who thinks that arnold is probably an alien creature, has to go off to a colleague's lecture, and he plans on telling the colleague that he finally has an alien specimen. paul and his extremely cute girlfriend, cindy (nadine van der velde), are left in charge of arnold, but as they haven't seen each other in a long time, they leave arnold unsupervised while they hop in the sack.meanwhile, simon's brother cecil (played also by korman in a dual role), owner of a successful snack foods company, is eager to buy off simon's home and land--they're adjacent to his own. simon doesn't want to sell, so cecil hits upon a scheme to steal arnold. things gradually spiral out of control, and the munchies, who have a mean streak to go along with their cravings for junk food, begin to overrun the town.that reads better in a summary than it plays on the screen. the best shots in the film are those with natural landscapes in the background, such as when characters are driving on the outskirts of the desert town. interiors, with the exception of cecil's home, tend to look like poorly decorated, cheap sets, and more importantly, they tend to show that hirsch is not very skilled at blocking and setting up shots. oddly, given the paucity of the production design overall, cecil's home is quite a gem, imbued as it is in overblown 1980s style down to the smallest details, and cecil's stepson, dude (jon stafford), was an amusing counterpoint. too bad, then, that he's out of the film so quickly.at any rate, korman is a fun actor, but he comes across much better here as simon than as cecil. unfortunately, simon ends up being absent for most of the film. cecil, who is differentiated physically by a ridiculous wig and facial hair, is not only the "evil capitalist" of the film, he's one of korman's classic inconsiderate, boorish characters--that was one of his specialties, frequently capitalized on in "carol burnett show" (1967) skits. unlike "the carol burnett show", which tended to succeed because directors clark jones and dave powers had a studied way of pushing the skits just to the brink of chaos, hirsch reins korman in way too far, and the cecil character just doesn't work the way it should.there are a lot of other director-related problems, not the least of which is wonky pacing and editing, which completely sap any possible suspense or compelling dramatic impact from the film. even scenes that should have been shoe-ins for amping up the drama--such as when the munchies are harassing an old lady on the road--are put together far too awkwardly to have much affect.there are also serious logical problems with the story as it stands. where did the munchie in the chamber at machu picchu come from? the film's trailer seems to show an answer to this, but it was edited out of the final cut. a more serious problem is that, unlike gremlins, there is no clear reason for munchies to go from cute, cuddly furballs to menacing monsters. it just happens. further, because munchies was kept pg, and the violence remains toned down, when the creatures are in their monster phase, they're never very threatening. they're also easily dispatched, at least temporarily.admittedly, the gist of the film isn't suspense, horror, compelling drama or any of that other stuff, but humor. it's intended more as a spoof of gremlins and the countless rip-offs in its wake. the only problem with that is that the film just isn't funny, even though i chuckled a couple times. a surprisingly high percentage of the jokes are bland clichés. too much of the remaining material consists of non-sequiturs. given bad timing from hirsch, it all just falls flat. there was potential to make a film that while a spoof, was both funny and frightening, hilarious and disturbing, cheesy and suspenseful, all at the same time, ala killer klowns from outer space (1988). too bad, then, that munchies comes nowhere near that.

cute and playful, but lame and cheap. 'munchies' is another gremlins clone to come out from the 80s. i'm not much of a fan of the imitations.first it was the excellent 'gremlins'.then came the very average 'critters'.lets not forget the lousy 'ghoulies'.but the complete pits would have to go to 'hobgoblins'.is there more?? now 'munchies' for me would have to fall somewhere between 'ghoulies' and 'hobgoblins'. actually i probably found it more entertaining than 'ghoulies', but i preferred thst one's darker tone. from the get-go it plays up its goofy nature (which it's better for it), but due to that nature the hammy acting (alix elias and charlie phillips), can get rather overbearing that you rather just see the munchies running amok. that's where the fun occurs. mostly light-hearted fluff though, as the story mainly centres on the munchies (who are either hungry, horny and destructive) in a whole bunch of supposed comical encounters (some moments do work) in the small desert town as a couple of people are on the chase. it's silly, but strangely engaging thanks to the zippy pacing. the creatures themselves look rather bland and poorly detailed, as they're basic dolls being chucked about. where their personalities arrived from is that they can actually speak... and with attitude.charlie stratton and a feisty nadine van der velde (who was in 'critters') were fair leads. harvey korman was acceptable in two roles. robert picardo also pops up.amusingly low-cut entertainment for the undemanding.

i think i watched this movie, but don't quote me, as i may have fallen asleep during watching it as it didn't exactly "grip my excitement and imagination." at least i know i watched enough of it to know i won't be watching it again soon. or ever.jeez, talk about lame... really lame. totally lame. it wouldn't even appeal to a six year old. it basically had no worthwhile dramatic impact. zilch. nada. just shlock turned into dreck. comedy? that was supposed to be comedy? ya coulda fooled me-ee-ee...!now, if the aliens had been insatiably carnivorous like in the movie "critters", we could have had the human characters do something a little more profound than be overly smugly cutesy... like yelling and screaming and running for their lives so they wouldn't be eaten so the story could be something more exciting than watching paint dry.don't bother watching this. it's not worth the effort. you can find something more interesting to do. like watching paint dry. or falling asleep.

ridiculous-looking little boogers that spawn foam and reproduce themselves. so far for the horror-elements this movie has. all the rest of munchies plays out like a really retarded comedy that's so stupid you won't find it funny anymore after about 15 minutes. i can imagine little kids cheering for these little boogers, but adults will be left with only those supposedly "smart" references translating to on-screen stuff like capt. kirk's log entries from star trek, the most well-known scene from e.t., a blatant statement from the filmmakers going "look! we're cashing in on gremlins' success here!" and a cardboard cut-out of clint eastwood telling us... what about his western movies exactly? that last one was totally lost on me... oh yes, and chemical waste disposal in caves seems to be a bad thing. don't know where they got that idea from.not to say that munchies is the most insufferable film to sit through, for that matter. it's just really, really dumb. and if you manage to crack a smile while watching it, you'll probably feel as dumb yourself for having done that after the film's finished.good badness? yes, but only if "dumb", "retarded" & "ridiculous" are criteria you're looking for. 3/10 and, well, uhm, 6/10.

munchies starts in deepest darkest peru (looks more like a dirt road to me) where archaeologist simon watterman (harvey korman) & his son paul (charles stratton) are on an expedition. simon thinks that ancient aztec buildings were in fact spacecraft control centres & he is on a mission to gain proof that alien lifeforms have visited earth, while in once such structure he discovers a strange small creature which he sticks in his backpack & takes back home with him to the small american town of sweetwater in california. simon feels that the creature is the proof he has been looking for & for some inexplicable reason decides to leave the thing at home while he goes to share his discovery. simon ask's paul & his wife cindy (nadine van der velde) to take care of it. meanwhile simon's brother & fast-food businessman cecil watterman (harvey korman again) steals the creature so his brother won't make any money out of it, but his idiotic stepson dude (jon stafford) has a fight with it & chops it up with a knife but the individual parts grow back into separate little creatures that proceed to cause much havoc amongst the townspeople...directed by bettina hirsch this has to be one of the worst horror comedy's ever, if not the worst. the script by lance smith is so unfunny it's painful. every joke in munchies misses the target by the proverbial mile, i doubt the humour in this piece of crap would even appeal to pre-teens. there just isn't anything even remotely funny or even amusing in munchies as far as i'm concerned. the basic story is crap too, they just happen to find this creature running around with no explanation of what it is, why no-ones ever seen it before, how it manages to learn english so quickly & how it learns to drive etc. the whole thing is a big gremlins (1984) rip-off with none of the elements that made that film so good. the character's are moronic, the stupid deputy (charlie phillips) & his dad (hardy rawls), cecil wearing an embarrassing wig & fake moustache & his air head wife melvis (alix elias) & more besides. they just plain embarrass & are ridiculous, i defy anyone to find any of this rancid rubbish funny. basically munchies fails spectacularly at being either a comedy or horror & ends up being, yes you've guessed it, crap.director hirsch was obviously working with a low budget here & it shows, the entire thing takes place in two houses, the desert, some caves & a miniature golf course. this is really cheap & incompetent film-making. the special effects on the munchies themselves are really awful, their just dolls that have no movement unless someone off camera pulls a string attached to it's arm. i cannot stress how bad the effects are, these things wouldn't convince my 4 year old nephew (as proved by me & him yesterday!). total incompetence all the way, this film sucks.technically the film is terrible, bad special effects, lame production design, rubbish sets & well, just everything's crap. the acting is rotten through & through, from the cops to korman who has two roles both of which prove he can't act & isn't funny.munchies is a really bad film that fails in everything that it tries to achieve, sure watch it if you want i won't stop you but just don't say you weren't warned! my advice would be to watch gremlins again instead, but the decision is yours!

not a knock on korman as he was very funny on the carol burnett show. he was also good at playing secondary characters in mel brooks' movies ("high anxiety" comes to mind). he is, however, not a person who can carry a movie in dueling roles no less. this one is basically a "gremlins" knockoff, following a tradition of such movies as "critters" and "ghoulies". it is not a very good knockoff either, on par with "ghoulies", but with a much lighter tone to it as it is no where near as dark as that movie got. in fact, this one is too light and frothy, and unfortunately many of the jokes end up falling flat. though i did give it a 3 for a score, this is only because there is a movie that is even a worse "gremlin" knockoff. if you watched mystery science theater 3000 you know the one i am talking about...the infamous "hobgoblins". this one has a guy finding a little critter in some underground place (i only saw this movie once a long time ago so i don't remember everything to clearly) and it starts out friendly enough. however, this creature quickly becomes unfriendly and of course more are spawned and that is the movie. more misses than hits in the joke department, and it is also really lame to see korman playing the evil brother role. best to skip this one, but then you may want to check it out just for kicks.

an excellent performance by alix elias highlights an otherwise mis-directed and confused pile of dreck. i have seen this movie, perhaps 12 times, and with each run through, i find less and less pleasure. why are munchies so lustful? is that ever explained? are they a reflection of our wanton, boorish 'animal selves?' if they are, why not make it more obvious? why not peal back just a touch of the subtlety that plagues this movie, and make that connection explicit? another part of this movie that bothers me to no end - motorcycles. the jacket the little monster wears on the front cover seems to suggest 'street-wise' traveler. the sun glasses say 'pretty cool dude.' with all this i'm ready for easy rider meets the muppets. all i get is munchies (1987). what gives? stick to the gremlins series if you're a fan of diminutive, wise-cracking, reptile puppets - it'll give you the treatment you deserve.

picture the scene where a bunch of scriptwriters sit around a table and one says "lets have a black woman approach an unsuspecting member of the public (also black) in the street and ask him if he is black, then walk away". the other writers fall about laughing hysterically until one suggests they repeat it in every episode. more laughter. now if you think the premise is funny, and the show contains many such types of situation, you will enjoy this show. for the rest, use your zapper and find something more entertaining like watching paint dry. those that have written glowing reports of this show should either get out more or be forced to watch television comedies that are really funny. another example of the humor in the show, a girl tries to get out of paying at a supermarket checkout by trying to hypnotise the cashier. marginally funny the first time but why repeat it over and over in different shows with different cashiers? i could give other examples but these just might be treated as spoilers, divulging why this comedy just is not funny at all.

where to begin? how about with the erroneous synopsis: "x-men origins: wolverine tells the story of wolverine's epically violent and romantic past, his complex relationship with victor creed, and the ominous weapon x program."his epically violent past turns out to exceptionally non-violent.his relationship with creed is so glossed over it's difficult to understand how they have any connection at all. we are thrown from one point in the opening scene that shows them as children on the run, to a montage of war scenes that they have fought in throughout their long lifespan, and finally to the present where they are a part of a hardcore government team of assassins.there is nothing by way of showing their relationship as brothers at all. nothing complex is laid down for us to believe is authentic or even loving. the romantic element of the movie between silverfox and wolverine was forced and abrupt. we are thrown into a romance so fast that it's over before you can blink an eye. having just introduced the character, silverfox is killed off roughly fifteen minutes later. we are left wondering why we should care about this. who was she anyway?for a pivotal element of this weak revenge driven story, the romance is surprisingly unexplored. it was rushed in simply because it was required.oddly enough, when wolverine finds that his love is dead he leaves her in the woods to rot as he goes off to find sabertooth. being the romantic that he is this was out of character for him yet necessary to serve the plot in pulling off a very predictable surprise.as for the weapon x program, lets just say that after the painfully crippling procedure wolverine is up and running. eventually he arrives at the home of a conveniently old yet overwhelmingly loving couple. surprisingly ma and pa kent aren't alarmed when finding a naked sweaty man in their barn. is it any wonder what fate awaits them?in the previous films and the comic books, the main reason that wolverines' amnesia plagued him partly hinged on the fact that he was said to have been viciously evil and coldblooded.knowing this was the case...did he really want to remember such horrors or keep them hidden and continue his current more positive lifestyle of fighting against the villains of the world alongside his team mates?as hinted to in x2: x-men united when stryker gives up some of his secrets it is said that wolverine would be disturbed if he had known of the evil works they committed together. this film sets up the team fairly well only they don't really do much of anything. no disturbing violence, no ruthless actions, they merely harass a few natives in foreign lands for the ten or fifteen minutes they are on screen. it seems that wolverine wasn't an evil man under stryker at all. instead he was constantly trying to put a leash on his brother sabertooth which consequently was the violent agent we all thought wolverine was. eventually he just leaves all together.no conflict of duality here at all.idiotically removing that character conflict of good and evil dulled the story immensely. they may as well have given him rubber claws.there were a ton of other errors in this film that contradicted the x-men trilogy, including the introduction of one of the lamest deus ex machinas to ever hit a script.magic memory-erasing bullets. really?apparently they are the only thing to bring down wolverine. yet this was apparently forgotten when agent after agent was sent to bring him down with bullets and bombs that would surely not work on him at all.another problem with this film is that it tried to focus on wolverine while throwing in a ton of other mutants which did little to nothing at all. interesting characters were mere window dressing and did nothing for the story. most were in the film for 5-10 minutes max and yet you find yourself wishing we saw more of them and less of wolverine.fred dukes (the blob but not the comic version) can punch a launched tank missile with little to no physical damage to him at all, but a simple headbutt from wolverines metal noggin is enough to daze him?cyclops optic beams (which instead of being concussive force are now more akin to lasers) can burn through buildings but when fired at sabertooth directly it simply smashes him into the ground without even damaging his clothes. adamantium trench coats anyone?the (gravity defying) mutant gambit, instead of utilizing his signature cards, is made into some sort of crazy acrobat. in one poorly edited scene he is knocked unconscious by wolverine...then amazingly enough a few minutes later he is on a rooftop running towards wolverine. how he regained consciousness, ran away a few blocks, climbed up a building, then ran back to wolverine and sabertooth in the middle of a scratching match is a mystery yet to be explained.some have excused this films weakness by claiming it was made from a comic and therefore should be weak on character and heavy on flash. the idea that this movie being a comic film is flimsy and superficial because of that fact is incorrect.the comic book source material, the real origin of wolverine...is a story worth bringing to the screen. it doesn't sugar coat his past nor treat the reader like mindless cgi junkies. it is a well crafted story and although retold and readjusted over time, began with weapon x by barry windsor-smith. a much more intense and exciting story.this fox film should seriously be forgotten. anyone have that magic gun?4/10

"cement" is a bad movie about a bad cop (penn) with a bad attitude and a bad disposition who has a bad guy in a bad way up to his cajones in fast drying concrete. while we're waiting for the cement to dry and the film to figure out what it's about, we're periodically jerked back in time without rhyme or reason so we can watch events leading up to the cement thing. a boring junk flick overall, "cement" suffers from lack of a story, a clumsy execution, and that most ubiquitous of filmdom's faults; no reason to care. a time killer for the needy couch potato at best. (d+)

thanks to the bbc for this show. i used to suffer from an inferiority complex, i hated leaving the house, talking to new people and i had an overwhelming sense that people hated me. however after watching one episode of 4 non blondes my fortunes started to change. after episode 2 i started applying for new jobs, wearing fashionable clothes and i actually felt talented. when the series had finished i was running the sales department at work, banging a plethora of women and frequently won the karaoke competition down my local. if you ever have a confidence crisis and don't know where to turn then take a trip down to poundland and pick up the dvd it's only 99p.

i wasn't sure how to rate this movie, since it was so bad it was actually very funny. i'm not a gackt fan by any means, though he is talented, despite the weird pseudonym that sounds like a cat coughing up a hairball. i always thought hyde was talented though, faith is an interesting album.but on topic here folks. this movie is ridiculous. it's so over the top and nonsensical it's almost like a parody of supernatural action films.the movie has almost no plot here, except it's just about vampires with gangster friends. in a way, this film almost reminded me of spider-man 3, with how there were too many ideas, which resulted in not enough time to pay attention on one of them.the action scenes were laughable. quickly edited, almost hard to understand, with choreography that's so laughably bad. though hyde looked very stylish during the action scenes, but that's this film's only such redemption. i'm a sucker for good action movies, but the action was horribly done. though the final shootout was ok and the highlight of this otherwise depressing movie.it keeps jumping between genres, not a good thing. it wants to be a drama, or an action flick, or a horror, or a romance... what the hell.if this review is making you mad, why? is it because gackt and hyde are your love? don't fool yourself, this movie is bad.

unless you are already familiar with the pop stars who star in this film, save yourself the time and stop reading this review after you've reached the end of the next sentence.forget you ever stumbled upon this film and go watch something else.but if you insist on reading, consider: lame vehicle for japanese teen idol pretty-boys featuring nonsensical, convoluted "plot" that drags out for an insufferable amount of time until you're ready to scream.nothing in this film makes sense. it's an endless series of people expressing various emotions, from joy to anger, from happiness to tragedy, for no good reason. we can obviously see something incredibly "dramatic" is happening, but we just don't give a crap why 'cause there's no backstory.by the time this film is over, you will be sick and tired of these stupid, lanky, girly stars' faces. you'll be revolted at having spent all this time watching them smile, sneer, cry, look mysterious, be "serious," and any other pointless expression they slap on their faces.that some moron would ever go so far as to refer to this piece of insipid trash as being the "soul" of any of its "actors" should prove to you beyond the shadow of a doubt what the trailer and countless adoring comments on this site will not tell you: only the "converted," mindless minions will like this film, the majority of them teenage girls with a pathological adoration for anything androgynous. freud would have a field day.unless you're one of these mindless "fans," stay the hell away from this abomination.

6/10 acting, not great but some good acting.4/10 director, makes some stupid decisions for this film.2/10 writer, story makes no sense at all and has huge amount of flaws.4/10 overall score for this movie.don't waste your time with this film, it's not worth it. i gave 4 for this movie and it may be too much. characters are so over exaggerated than they can ever be in real life and some pretty unexplainable stuff happens "storywise", not in good way. because of the style this film has been filmed you get bored after 30 minutes (too many special effects: slow motions and camera shakes and fast forwards). it's always good that movie uses music to make the story go smooth but there's too many tracks in this one. in the first hour there is almost 50/50 dialogs and musics

what a terrible movie. rotten tomatoes had a good rating for this too. don't be fooled by the positive comments; it wasn't scary. it wasn't funny. it wasn't clever. it won't even hold your attention. i just wasted 2 hours of my life viewing this crap-fest. the computer generated monster was interesting to see the first couple times. after about 15 minutes it no longer entertained. the dialogue was terrible, must be a translation thing. another negative that stood out was the idiot americans. 3 were portrayed and they were all lacking character, intelligence and judgment. now i will write a couple of lines to pad this since we have to have 10. the employees at the video store should have slapped me for bringing this title to the counter.

don't be deceived as i was by the 'glowing' reviews quoted on the dvd box. "wildly entertaining.", "a seriously scary freakout.", and the worst of all, "on par with jaws." this movie is none of the above.normally i don't bother with writing bad reviews for films but i can't believe this one is resting at a comfortable 7 on imdb. it doesn't deserve it.after a so-so opening daylight attack by a monster created by, what else, chemicals dumped by lazy scientists, this movie goes absolutely nowhere and it goes there sloooowly. basically and improbably, a girl is snagged by the monster (i'll give them points for a good creature design but this ain't no weta creation) and her semi-comical family spend an hour-and-a-half tracking her down...in the sewers surrounding the han river. their search lacks any suspense-again, someone called this on par with jaws?-and by the time they find her you realize it was all pretty much pointless. other than that, a big bulk of the movie is committed to a government quarantine that culminates in one funny scene involving a guy spitting in a gutter in front of a crowded bus stop.blech. this was bad. i'm not kidding. you want to see a rotten monster movie? rent deep rising. at least you'll save 30 minutes of your life.

first of all let me say the first 20 minutes are great, the monster looks superb and the cgi is reasonably done. it's a shame then that the rest of the movie is such a disappointment, ******** spoilers below ******** from the opening scene we can see this movie is anti-american, normally this sort of stereotyping wouldn't bother me (we brits get enough from hollywood) but here it's not subtle about making the americans brain-dead morons. it goes past the point of realism and your left wondering if a yank has raped the directors mother.the grieving scene was really poor and the part of the movie where it starts going downhill.here we are introduced to the olympic medallist auntie and drunk uncle who walk into the memorial and start blaming the father for his daughters death, then hitting him before they all start rolling around on the floor crying. hardly realistic bonding at a time of crisis!the whole virus sideline is ridiculous. if the americans know there isn't a virus, why are they wasting time, money and resources investigating? the us government agent orders the brain drilling of an innocent korean for nothing, making the americans look evil (or stupid), it wasn't helped by the fact this guy was cross-eyed for comical effect.the movie is about hunting the monster. us and korean special forces are assigned to finding the creature although through-out the movie they are invisible. the only people hunting the monster, in the whole of korea, is the main family and some random tramp who appears at the end to save the day! naturally a few us/korean agents try to stop them along the way.the sister was only included in the movie so she could make the vital shot at the end. it was clichéd, you knew it was going to happen but to make it worse she does bugger all until that part! and my final annoyance, how the hell did that kid survive at the end? the monster had been swimming with it's head underwater for about 5 minutes! why didn't the monster eat the kids in the first place?

i'm beginning to see a pattern in the movies i give a 1 to. they are almost all movies that my wife made me watch. maybe i should stop having faith in her taste in movies. anyway, this is typical drivel aimed at pre-teen girls but done even more poorly than usual. once again, the writer broke the cardinal rule of any movie. he/she made the main character unlikable. she starts off by being a complete b*tch to her friend at the beginning, and then finds out when she becomes 30, that she's basically a sh*tty person (having affairs, etc.). why the f would we feel for this person? ok, let's say we can get past that. jennifer garner is about as far from attractive as you can get without having some sort of deformity. i don't know if it's her or the writer's fault, but her character goes well beyond my threshold for annoyance. here's a tip for future filmmakers: 13 year olds are not entertaining, they're annoying. far and away the most embarrassing moment in the movie came when they danced to "thriller". holy crap that was painful. it showed her practicing that dance at the beginning. that explains why she knows it, but an entire club full of people?!? argh!!! the macarena would be more believable! all of a sudden she's completely incompetent and has no clue how to do her job and no one notices? at least tom hanks' character on "big" had a job that made sense to a child. these body-switching/child becoming adult overnight movies are really getting out of hand, and this is by far the worst one yet.

this movie is horrible. everything in it has been done before. there is nothing original. i cannot stand when writers don't come up with their own plots.a girl makes a wish on her 13th birthday and wakes up as an adult. hmm, sounds a lot like a movie in the 80s called big. what is even more annoying is jennifer garner's acting. she doesn't act like she is 13 she just acts like she is stupid.from then on, you can guess the whole plot. she gets a good job and it just so happens that a friend she had at 13 works with her. wow, how awesome! but, no....her friend is bad and turns on her, trying to get her job. but, of course, she wins in the end when she comes up with a "great" idea.there's also a dancing scene in the movie that i've seen a thousand times before.i hate this movie.

this esteemed production has it's fans. but to paraphrase the classic bad review of 'mary reilly,' moby dick is like a painting, only slower.this is because the philosophical grounds for a movie "production" are never to make a great film, rather it's to substitute the lack of a strong guiding idea (in this case for a books transference to film) with a list of hopelessly atomized, undynamic but dazzling conceits in an effort to trick viewers into thinking they've seen greatness. as viewers & critics are apt to fall for this, oscars follow, feeding the whole dumb equation.i don't share in the pleasure all these reviewers found. moby dick is stunningly uninvolving. actors dutifully recite essays about jonah, moby dick, the ocean, moby dick, moby dick... all things that can't respond, and not one of which is absorbing in the slightest. it's dramatically inert. it doesn't build. in narrative terms moby dick (as a movie) is little more than a foregone conclusion in search of an actual story. after half an hour i was muttering "oh terrific... another oath ...another 4 minute soliloquy!"in the failed effort to involve you, it's a pretty campy overacting showcase. a lot of grey hair here. starbuck is supposed to be a golden god. (!)one knows one is looking at a great director when he makes the medium his own rather than trying to replicate the feel of someone else's paintings & palette, or reverently embalming a classic as huston does here. paintings and books are nice but they're a different mediums. a movie like this fails to grasp that an honestly enjoyable piece of crap (village of the damned) is better in most respects than an insufferable piece of culture. this is the eat your vegetables school of film-making.one appreciates the work that must have been done to make the movie, but not the narrative. only a few segments reflecting maritime research are interesting; the recording of shanties as a means of structuring work & various sea efforts; and the technology of whaling. and that doesn't call for a two-plus hour movie.

non existent plot, tons of poorly directed / super-cheesy scenes (snipers / world famous sharpshooters who can't even hit their targets a few feet away? plus what's up with the ending?---> a bunch of law enforcers vandalizing a carnival's shooting gallery? wth?), technical mistakes (how many bullets can you fit into a magazine of a glock? 100+? these people fire their guns without the need of reloading). the movie is so bad that even senior hollywood actor like michael biehn (aliens, terminator) can't save this junk.do not watch this movie (i realized that i wasted some good 100 minutes of my precious life on this one). hopefully the director would either stop making movies, or learn more for his next movie.

"handsome guys with bad haircuts !!" "beautiful girls without any clues !!" "stupid gangsters who cannot shoot straight !!" from dragon dynasty comes the hong kong gangster drama, "dragon heat." for reasons which will probably forever be completely obscured, the production and casting call for this 'criminals-on-steroids' movie somehow got both maggie q and michael biehn to sign on as villains. but they don't get all that much to do in this horrid slug-fest.they are two of the best contemporary actors around, each with their own resume' and list of accomplishments, and biehn in particular has had the courage to take some rather challenging and non-heroic roles.maggie q was the super-bad "mai" in "live free or die hard," so 'nuff said.biehn is, of course, famous for being the soldier-from-the-future who made "the terminator" of 1984 such a believable science-fiction/fantasy romp, by crashing up against big arnold, who is now the governator of california !! michael biehn is almost wholly wasted in this terrible train-wreck of a police drama. there is absolutely no reason for that, as the incredibly convoluted plot -- given mostly in chinese, as it is a hong kong story -- could have been better elaborated for non-chinese audiences with a foreign narrator.in other words, if biehn had been used as something like an interpol observer or coordinator, or an agent under deep cover, who needs to get some 'splaining given to him every five or ten minutes, that would have been great. but no, he's brought in as a part of an odd group of special forces-type bad guys who seem to be freelancing their own corrupt deal, in the middle of somebody else's totally corrupt deal involving the local king of corrupt deals. yes, there, i said it all. confused ? me too. "welcome to the party, pal."in the truly superb hong kong crime drama, known by its english title as "breaking news," there are also a number of fascinating characters at work, but there is only one story line in the plot. bad guys vs. good cops. in this wretched and excessively violent foray into the world of a hong kong triad, or gang, it seems that the hot-shot police force is little more than a parade of ducks in a shooting gallery, the way the criminals mow them down.so, not surprisingly, there's an almost otherwise incomprehensible scene ( several scenes, in fact ), where kids are trying to shoot wooden ducks in an arcade game, to win stuffed animal prizes. and so the hot shot good-guy police officers quite naturally intervene on their behalf, so that the arcade owner has to give up the kewpie dolls.there's also a half-hearted attempt at creating a "love interest" between one of the 'visiting cops' and the sole female 'visiting cop'.the visiting cops are supposed to be material witnesses against the triad gangster leader, who gets hijacked on the way to his court appearance, but not by his own team but by the mercenaries ( biehn, maggie q, and some others ). these killers all want something but we don't get to learn about what it is, until the very end of the film !! that was a stupid mistake inside of the overall story.you cannot build suspense in a crime drama without something to obtain, or get, or get away from, being introduced very early in the story.add to that some "cut-away scenes" done for purely artsy effects, all showing the bad-bad guys' and the regular bad guys' recent pasts, and any film buff can readily understand why this barking dog gets a 1 rating from this fan of all things cinematic with criminals and conspirators and hong kong.

after watching awake,i led to a conclusion:director and screenwriter joby harold made awake with the intention of laughing at the spectator,for the simple fact the movie is full of ridiculous elements.awake has a lot of plot holes and it is full of absurd and ridiculous elements(for example,the hospital uniform the spirit of the main character uses...did the ghost of a doctor leave it in the floor ?).the concept behind this movie is slightly ingenious but all the plot holes and the absurd things make of this a stupid and crappy film.with the exception of the great lena olin,all the actors bring bad performances.hayden christensen has zero expressions and the same applies for jessica alba.the extraordinary actor terrence howard is enormously wasted on his role.awake makes a laugh of the spectator.it's so ridiculous and full of absurd things that it's impossible to take it seriously.my recommendation is:skip this crappy movie.

hayden christianson and jessica alba two of my least favourite actors of this century team up in what is quite possibly the flattest attempt at remake the already dire the butterfly effect. awake is so dull and so utterly uninteresting that you'd be better off asleep. terrance howard still recovering from the diabolical august rush puts up a decent fight as the sadistic doctor who seems hell bent on killing christianson and after viewing his performance i would gladly assists.alba, still recovering after fantastic four rise of the silver surfer. is naturally disastrous and equally unwatchable as she always was. only once has she ever been rather brilliant at that was in the safe hands of master director robert rodriguez in sin city. could it possibly be that jessica alba isn't as poor of an actress as most give her credit for and is is possibly that her acting abilities are being weight down by a poor script. if so then that would explain awake. what with a script that would shame that of plan 9 from outer space.jessica alba, hayden christenson, and terrence howard star in first-time director/screenwriter joby harold's nerve-jangling psychological thriller about a man who experiences the frighteningly common surgical phenomenon known as "aesthetic awareness," in which those laid out on the operating table remain acutely aware of what is going on around them despite remaining completely paralyzed and unable to cry out for help. when a successful young young man (christenson) goes under the knife and realizes that the anaesthesia hasn't quite done its job, the horror quickly sets in as his worried wife (alba) waits anxiously and a terrifying drama unfolds in the operating room.hoping to do for operating tables what final destination did for planes, this first effort from director joby harold pivots on a blood-frosting conceit. the pre-credits sequence tells us one in 700 people suffers from a phenomenon known as 'anaesthetic awareness', where the patient remains conscious but paralysed during surgery. one such unfortunate individual is clayton beresford jr (hayden christensen), who finds himself wide awake during a heart transplant... and he can feel every single slice.intermittently inventive as it probes away at his tortured psyche, awake fails to inject true terror into its novel premise. spiralling from chilling simplicity into absurd conspiracy, it's hindered by stilted turns from christensen and jessica alba. you'll wish you'd popped a sedative before watching… verdict: awake is at very best extremely undemanding. a pull no punches film that undoubtedly looked better on paper. as a film though its awfully generic and extremely derived. awake fails to inject terror into its novel premise. the end result is really quite lousy. alba and christian are the very least of your worries as the films main flaw lies in its inability to scare its audience. awake is a film you'll most likely sleep through.

i was very surprised to see that this movie had such a good rating, when i checked it on imdb after seeing it. this really is one of the worst movies i have ever seen and i have seen many bad movies. it looks like a good movie in the beginning, but when he comes into surgery i couldn't believe how bad it got. this voice-over destroys everything! just imagine you are being cut open like that and then listen to what he says. i saw the movie in german so i don't really know what he said in english, but ironic stuff like "yeah right, it doesn't hurt.."?...what is this? telling yourself "think about something else" and then forgetting your pain by just thinking about your girlfriend is just...stupid. and his mother...how the hell does she figure something like that out? someone comes to tell her, her son died in surgery (what she kind of had to expect). plus she found some letters in jessica albas bag. plus that "she knows the hospital" stuff... and then it takes her "one second" to figure it out? what the hell?^^ and the ending...why does the police bust them? the patient died in surgery, thats all that happened. that drunk doctor doesn't know anything else either...and then they bust them all, even the girlfriend??? why??? despite all that i think christensen did a bad job, but that doesn't really count for me...those mistakes and stupid things i wrote about above are the problem. i watched this movie with some friends and we all were very disappointed... as i said, one of the worst movies i have ever seen... just don't watch it ;)

from the beginning this movie did have a few flaws. the main character played by hayden christensen is a the rich young mogul who has inherited his father's considerable wealth and power, and he is struggling to both fill his father's shoes and cut the apron strings mother (and co-executive) keeps too tight. he also has the problem of having a heart condition and waiting in the limbo that is the organ donor registry. there are also minor back stories which your first instinct is to mostly ignore that become important later, such as his friendship with his surgeon (terrence howard) and his romance with a middle class girl (jessica alba). uncreative story lines, but not bad enough to ruin the movie. the only real "oy vey!" moment was the name of lena olin's character. overbearing woman named lilith...subtle!the surgical scenes are not at all censored. i appreciated that, people who find surgery scenes scary might not. the horror of being awake during anesthesia was done well at first. you watch in emotional agony as christensen screams inwardly through the chest incision and the rib spreader. the moment of irony from the trailers then comes where while he is one of the unlucky few to be awake during anesthesia, he is also luck in that it helps him learn that his surgical team is planning to murder him.the big twist, however, is very predictable and sends the film delving into the conspiracy and his memories of the little signs which were there but he, like us, initially missed. there are two more twists at the end involving his relationship with his mother. one is an impressive gesture by olin, which comes of as unimpressive due to poor writing. the other is a secret about the family's past which seemed very tacked on and pointless.the initially well done anesthesia awareness drama gets lost in the poorly written conspiracy drama. there is a one final attempt to bring it back which falls flat, taking the entire movie with it.

first of all, the big named actors must need the money... the surgical scenes were laughable.... and surely they must know that people who have a little knowledge of medicine would find this utterly absurd......anesthesiologists do not leave the room during a heart transplant....nor do they do the surgery in a tiny room devoid of instruments, heart lung equipment and sterile techniques... just a joke... couldn't concentrate on the story line because of all the stupid surgery scenes... no blood, no personnel and then the hero doc coming in and taking over... it is not a film for thinking adults....also the budget must have been limited... the street scenes were ok but who was the technical adviser....seems like it was directed by a total idiot.. save your money and wait until it comes out on dvd and don't rent it..

i just saw this movie last night and, being someone who had very low expectations to begin with, was still disappointed. the most glaring error in this abomination of a movie is that the main plot point (the guy being awake during the surgery), had nothing to do with the outcome. it would have ended the same way regardless. so, what was the point of this? who knows. also, this surgeon had 4 malpractice suits against him and he didn't think people would ask questions if a patient died on his table? give me a break. jessica alba is completely talentless and christiansen is almost as bad. the whole thing was just laughable from start to finish. i'm fairly certain that if you could feel someone cutting through your chest with a scalpel, you would be in more pain than that.

this is the most ludicrous and laughable thriller i've ever seen. oh....where to start....plot (what little there is): clayton beresford jr. (hayden christensen), a young billionaire, with a bad heart is desperately in need of a transplant. clay has been secretly engaged to his mother's pa, samantha, played by jessica alba. on the night that these two secretly get married, it just so happens that a heart donor with the same rare blood type is found. go and figure the odds of that one! once on the operating table, clay finds out the anesthesia isn't working, and he can feel everything and hear everything.fortunately clay seems to be able to filter out the pain of a razor sharp scalpel cutting open his chest by simply concentrating on his memories of samantha, which we are told he's doing through an annoying voice-over which never seems to stop.if you didn't burst out in laughter yet, you will surely start to when you see the surgical scenes. how could a young billionaire agree to have a heart transplant performed by one surgeon, one nurse, an attending physician and an drunk anesthesiologist? there were more people in the room when my wisdom tooth was getting pulled. not to mention the medical behavior, which is too preposterous to be taken seriously...the operating room isn't even kept sterile...people are practically able to just walk in and out of the room without even having washed up... during the operation the viewer gets to hear clay's thoughts, none of which are too fascinating. ah...but here's what it's all about ...the doctors are trying to kill him in order to take his money. believing him to be unconscious, the villains speak freely. gosh! what will happen? well... at least there's no interference from anyone else in the hospital, while an incompetent doctor who's got four malpractice lawsuits running against him is performing major heart surgery. not even clay's overprotective mother seems to be able to check on his status. the only one interested in keeping updated is samantha...but oh no...could sweet sam be in on it....you'll quickly find out through some scooby doo dialog...in the end, it wouldn't even matter whether or not clay underwent anesthesia awareness, because the end would have turned out the same way in both cases.if you can ignore the feeling that the director/writer is trying to make fun of the patients who fell victim to anesthesia awareness, maybe there's some dumb fun to be had...enjoy...

ok. so it's a low-budget "film" (i used the quotes because it was shot in hi-8 video). the acting is universally horrid, the makeup is laughable (the blood looks like it came from sherwin-williams and i've seen more convincing bruises made from halloween ghoul kits), and the lighting generally looks like they used someone's borrowed toyota pickup to shine headlights on the actors.i might be able to forgive these low-budget traits if there were some actual content, if a movie made an attempt to tell a story. but this collection of video footage can boast of no plot, no real characters, and no momentum. it's a self-indulgent mess.and don't worry -- no spoilers here, 'cause there's absolutely nothing to spoil.

if you want to watch a film that is oddly shot, oddly lit, weird stories of these men (and one woman) who enjoy beating the crap out of each other, if you want to enjoy a story that goes nowhere of these two guys, one a boxer and the other a gay man, then you should watch this film.after watching this film, i almost felt as badly bruised up and cut up, like the director (of the film) himself beat the hell out of me.this is a movie where one is not meant to watch for plot or for great acting, this is a film to gawk at in horror and wonder. a lot like watching an airplane crash or a train wreck.if you want to watch a great movie, a good movie, a "b" movie, or even a mediocre movie, this movie is not it.a warning to all who watch this film, please don't eat beforehand. you might want to puke by the end of the film.

i question its importance to queer cinema as it seems to be more about having a homosexual encounter via violent behavior than making any clear statements regarding homosexuality and violence.three tales are tangled together in a rather sloppy manner. i found myself trying to untangle the messy narrative in the first 15 minutes, that alone didn't sit well with me. weak plot points were endlessly repeated as though we might not have gotten it the first 10 times.there was a feeling of padded dialog throughout the film. more like a 45 minute boy's brief short rather than a fleshed out full-length film. it had a certain erotic flair, male nudity and sex appeal but overall the sum did not equal its parts.the 1st part: boxer/stalker storyline was the strongest and yet it too felt like it had been pulled thin. bob has been following tim for four years and only now is he confronting him? i felt as though their cat-mouse game was not developed enough to merit its conclusion. we needed more information about them and less parking lot/locker scenes with tim relentlessly saying "what do you want?" the 2nd part: danny wants his buddy, tony, to beat him up while he jacks-off. tony doesn't seem to mind, but he doesn't even appear interested in exploring the implications of his homo erotic hobby -- not even after they do it in the nude. this tale lacks the all-important transition from "i'm a straight boy smacking my guy friend around for fun" to "i think i might be gay and hitting him because i'd like to spread his ass and do him s/m style." a very important thing to leave out.clearly these stories each could have conveyed their points in half the time. the 3rd part with the man and woman slapping each other around adds to that thought. furthermore, it was unnecessary and added nothing to the film. yes, the actors did a fine job under the circumstances and the four male leads were very sexy. the make-up (bruises and cuts) however was on par with a grammar school talent show.there wasn't enough meat to this story to have any impact on the gay politic. the film made no statement, squandered time, and is not engaging or worthy enough for thoughtful investment. its fatal flaw is its amateurish approach, that makes it ultimately impossible to take seriously.

i saw "shiner" on dvd. while i was watching it, i thought, "this is a really bad porn flick without the porn." i also thought, "whoever wrote this has some real issues." then i watched the director/writer carlson explain his process as a special feature. yeah, it was real special.the emphasis of the film is placed on two alcoholic losers who hit each other to get off. they are marginally attractive. there is frontal and full nudity. these factors probably account for the film being seen at all.the most upsetting element of the film is the gay bashing and the subsequent further gay bashing of the same victim who tries ineptly to exact revenge from his assailants, the two drunken losers. not only is the subject handled absurdly and badly from a technical point of view, but the acting is horrendously bad.then there's the boxer-stalker theme. this is really insane, not just absurd. this hunky boxer is somehow traumatized by the persistent attentions of a fleshy momma's boy who works at his gym's parking lot. this is in la, mind you. the boxer is so traumatized that he turns up at the stalker's house, strips in front of him and gets excited in the process.well, all i can say is, why would a boxer who is at heart an exhibitionist be so traumatized by the attention of a stalker? it simply makes no sense. and, i'm afraid, some psycho-dynamics actually do make sense, if you take the time to read about them. however, bad scripts seldom make sense at all.the director/writer seems to have thought that this film represents a considerable minority within the gay community. well, he may be correct, i suppose. we may never know, since that minority would be so dysfunctional they would hardly be able to get organized enough to ever get to an obscure gay film festival or dvd store, the only two places they could possibly find this turkey. thank goodness for that.

what an unfortunate mess is "shiner." i wanted to like this over-the-top, anti-film aspirant, and in fact found a number of moments with powerful resonance. sadly, those moments are few and far between. while i appreciate some of what calson was attempting, any advantage aspired to by bare bones, no budget cinematography was destroyed with some truly atrocious editing that benefited the movie not at all.while bad acting abounds in low budget (and big budget) cinema, shiner has some remarkably bad performances that are nearly painful to watch. in particular the "straight" couple linda and young guy. these are the two most poorly written characters offering almost nothing to the story. the acting is so abysmal and neither actor seems capable of resisting smirking or cracking up as they drearily drop their lines with an appalling lack of skill. the choppy editing almost lends the feeling that these roles were entirely gratuitous and dropped in to avoid the films being stereotypically cast as an oddball gay film. it would have been better off as such.with all that is going wrong for it, there are several performances that seem to capture what calson was hoping to get. in particular the story centering on bob and tim. these are the two most richly drawn characters and offer the most rewards with genuinely captivating performances by nicholas t. king (bob) and david zelinas (tim). tim is a boxer with some serious issues. remarkably low self esteem is disguised by an almost cartoon like arrogance that he wears like armour plating. obsessed with tim, the seemingly harmless yet ultimately creepy bob, stalks the boxer in classic cat-and-mouse fashion. when the tables are turned and hunter becomes the hunted, the resulting in the film's only genuine emotional catharsis. in a film so artificially hard-edged (that's a compliment) one character must have that revelatory break through (or breakdown, as the case proves here) and the final confrontation between bob and tim provide zelinas and king opportunity to display some real acting chops.as played by scott stepp and derris nile, tony and danny seem to be the focus of the movie, and despite some bravado moments of their own (including one truly disturbing scene revealing the sex/violence obsession), but they can't seem to escape a cartoon-like artifice and it's difficult to look at - or beyond their seeming one note symphony and find anything other than the obvious.ultimately this same raw material could (and should) be used to tell this story in better fashion. alas, there really isn't much to recommend this yet, the performances by messrs. king and zelinas, really do offer something special and a glimpse of what might have been and are ultimately worth seeing.

shiner, directed by christian calson, centers around three "couples" and their relationships with obsession and violence. pretty good start as far as i'm concerned. interesting. the couples break down into a heterosexual couple, two heterosexual male friends and a straight guy being "harmlessly" stalked by a gay man.the "het" couple really don't have much of a role in the film. there are some scenes that show how they like to be aggressive when having sex or playing around with each other, but seem to have no real purpose since the are so marginalized. my assumption is that they represent a more day to day illustration of how sex/violence are integrated in a couples life. the couple aren't very aggressive and it's not even shot in any kind of erotic way. as characters, they don't add much to the theme or plot.the two male friends make up the bulk of the plot. they engage in some gay bashing of sorts by convincing a homosexual man to have sex with them in an alley. this escalates into violence. and the violence changes them. it becomes a means of sexual gratification. and their need for violence t release grows as the film progresses. the main problem i had is the violence is not convincing. never once does it seem that any of the characters is in any real danger. it just doesn't work. given that the whole theme of the film is about the characters' relationships with violence, this is a major problem. unfortunately, the make-up doesn't help either. sometimes, it's okay, other times it is very bad. in one scene, i really wondered why one of the characters had rouge smeared on his face. confusing.the more interesting pair of the characters is the "stalker couple." here calson seemed to have more to say and was able to develop a more coherent storyline. perhaps it is because the characters seem to develop more and have resolution at the end. shiner may well have been much better if it had stuck with these two.i appreciate that calson wanted to achieve a lot with this film. it is admirable. most low budget flicks don't aspire to much. i don't think calson achieved want he was aiming for. myself, i found nothing particularly controversial or unsettling. shiner was unconvincing. this doesn't mean, however, that the director can't achieve something with his next film.he seems to have something to say.

this is by far the worst film i have seen in my entire life. the acting is poor and the storyline is almost incomprehensible. whether or not you like lightships or any ships for that matter is irrelevant. as for special effects the film has none. the whole film crew were probably on the boat out in rough seas rather than in a studio and when some of the men are "stabbed" (if you can even call it that) their reactions are totally unreal. the guns are more quiet than a mute. how this film could have one two awards puts serious questions to the state of the human mind. well thats about it. this review is probably more fun to read than the film is to watch. if anyone is considering watching it or buying it i would seriously advise you against it for obvious reasons. i have said that it includes a spoiler. if the fact that some people get stabbed and a gun gets fired is a plot giveaway. i suppose it is because they are the only good parts of the film.

this has the absolute worst performance from robert duval who sounds just like william buckley throughout the entire film. his hammy melodramatic acting takes away from any dramatic interest. i'm not sure if this was deliberate scene stealing or inadvertent but it's the only thing i can recall from a truly forgettable film. this picture should be shown in every amateur acting class of an example of what not to do. thank god, duvall went on to bigger and better things and stopped trying to effect a cultured accent. he is a good character actor but that's about it. klaus is so much better. his performance is muted and noteworthy.

the pakage implies that warren beatty and goldie hawn are pulling off a huge bank robbery, but that's not what i got out of it! i didn't get anything! in the first half there's a new character (without introduction) in every other scene. the first half-hour is completely incomprehensible, the rest is just one long, annoying, underlit chase scene. there's always an irritating sound in the background whether it's a loud watch ticking, a blaring siren, a train whistling, or even the horrible score by quincy jones. there are a lot of parts that are laughably bad, too. like, the bad guys chasing beatty on thin ice with a car! or, the police arriving at the scene roughly fifteen times. i really hated this movie!

how the hell did they get this made?! presenting itself as a caper comedy, the misbegotten "$" is essentially two hours of people mumbling sentence fragments. the usually dependable warren beatty looks drunk, and the usually hilarious goldie hawn acts like she's on depressants. as for gert frobe, his most famous role - goldfinger - was infinitely more admirable than his character here. not even the guy with the champagne bottle of lsd can save this litany of worthlessness.am i comparing this movie to "plan 9 from outer space"? i wouldn't do such a thing even if someone paid me. "p9fos" was idiotically made but ended up hilarious; this was idiotically made and causes you to feel like your brain just melted out of your ears. warren beatty and goldie hawn made up for this when they co-starred in "shampoo", but then they co-starred in the dreadful "town & country". maybe they just shouldn't co-star in movies. all in all, i would rather have my skin torn off than have to watch this again. awful.maybe they should remake it with jackie chan. then i would pay to see it.

millie is a sap. she marries a rich guy named maitland and they have a child. she then catches him cheating on her and divorces him...but lets him keep the kid she claims to love. back then in the early 1930s, she would have been entitled to hefty spousal and child support but lets the guy off amazingly easy...with no support...what a sap! later, when she has a boyfriend and life seems pretty good, he turns out to also be a cheat! wow, does she have a hard time picking men.as a result of these bad relationships, millie changes. now she's a wild party girl--doing everything she can to distract herself from her hard luck. suddenly, many years pass. millie's daughter who she left early on in the film is now 17 and oddly fashions haven't changed one bit. an old friend of millie's (yes, it's another evil man!) is now pretending to be the daughter's friend, but he has lecherous designs on her. millie promises him that if he touches the girl, she'll kill him. take a wild guess what happens next! overall, the film is a confusing and often bizarre mess--a bit like "madam x" but much, much less focused. so often millie's motivations and actions seem to make little sense. and, the film seems to have a little of everything tossed into it--so long as it substantiates the notion that all men are pigs. unusual but not particularly good.

this movie is very important because suggested me this consideration: sometimes you can wish to be sick ... sometimes you can wish to have a syndrome ... sometimes, for example, you can wish have goldfield syndrome... that way you'd not remember this boring movie ... and above all you'd not remember adam "superfluos" sandler... sometimes, simply, you can wish... have rented another movie...my vote? 3 out of 10. my suggestion? if you are neither a fan of boring romantic comedies or adam sandler (...it's a joke don't exist adam sandler's fan...i want to hope it), save yourself... someone to save? drew barrymore. ... perhaps.

this film just goes around in circles, and the viewer does not know where they are. at first i thought..mmmmm, could be kinda cool movie this, but it just drags on and on, and eventually you don't know what's going on. the lead female is a good actress and played her role well, and the psycho fella, is creepy, but after a bit you don't really care what happens, because this film just drags on. shame really, this could have turned out a lot better.would say though that the lead female and psycho fella, will have a good career ahead of them , but will they remember this film, for making them known, or for being the film they regret they ever made.

one of the worst films i have ever seen. got so bored that i switched it off midway through to watch the news. when i switched it back on, i fell asleep. the film starts with a dream, continues with a dream, and ends with a dream. then there are a few more dreams in between. come on, what is supposed to keep me interested in that? a film needs to have a reason to be interesting. the minute you felt the film was only a dream is when any sensible film-goer switches off. ever had someone insist on telling you their dreams and what it means to them? this is it!!!absolutely awful.

i love horror movies. i can even appreciate most cheese (face it, 9 out of 10 horror films these days are cheese), but this was just ridiculous. terrible acting, terrible writing, completely hollow and unbelievable characters (no meisner actors here!) and a total lack of sufficient body count. i wish i could salvage the 79 minutes of my life i just wasted. at least the crook brothers are aptly named. the only good thing about the whole film was watching the alicia silverstone wanna-be get punched in the face. how this ever made it to sundance is completely baffling to me. most of the plot was absolutely unrealistic, even by slasher film standards. i mean, come on! who would rush out to get a cheap earring 10 seconds after a creepy stalker guy just left their doorstep? lame.

salvage: 4 out of 10. groundhog day meets a christian coalition horror film. okay maybe it's not that bad. but it is close.claire (played by alicia silverstonesque lauren currie lewis) is stalked and possibly killed by a serial killer (chris ferry who is quite menacing and brutal). i say possibly because she wakes up and it was all a dream….. or was it? (cue music)the basic problem with the film is that these fifteen minutes of plot (done quite well the first time) is repeated over and over again. and since claire wakes up every time and every scene is clearly a dream or alternate reality i just stopped caring what happened to claire and started wondering what lame twist at the end was going to pull this together.i was rooting for a séance (which honestly would have made more sense) but instead got one of those too obvious by half surprise endings (think the village or below) yup the film collapses faster than donnie darko's directors cut. all the great twist endings in horror movies the sixth sense, the original invasion of the body snatchers, happy birthday to me worked because the audience wasn't expecting a left field explanation. (heck even the canoe ending in the original friday the 13th was worth a jolt)salvage on the other hand screams twist ending with every scene change. other nagging faults is the one note piano soundtrack (though the featured songs were decent) the obvious time padding (claire doing the dishes, claire's mother's subplots), the way claire says "hello is anyone there" every time she thinks there is a serial killer around.also some of the secondary acting roles (in particular claire's mother played by maureen olander who resembles a mary kay zombie) shows the first time actor low budget roots.both too clever by half and not nearly clever enough salvage keeps your interest if only to see how they are going to fix this mess. problem is they really don't.

salvage is the worst so called horror film i've ever seen. there is nothing remotely horrific about it. it doesn't deserve to be in a genre so fine. first of all i don't see how so many people can think this piece of crap such a great movie. if i wrote something as boring and utterly ridiculous as this i would be laughed at and too embarrassed to subject others to the stupidity of it. second: the acting is terrible and the lead actress is excruciatingly ugly. third: the story sucks, its been used before, and the excuse that its a cheap movie is no excuse. read the summery on the back of the case, it reveals the whole story. i do not recommend that you watch this movie unless you have 80 minutes to waste on something that will leave you regretting that you watched it. i feel really bad for those crooks and the irony of their name. all hail anthony perkins!!!!!!!!!

after reading all of the rave reviews about this film and a few that give it a so-so. i finally decided to throw in my no cents worth. i agree with most on the point that if it hadn't been for lauren lewis and chris ferry it would have been a disaster. filmed in mariette oh. just north of dogpatch where all the real talent fled south down i-77 years ago, at least as far as a tank of gas would allow. i did get a chuckle from reviewers who subtly claim that they cerebrate a little better than most by claiming they followed the plot without an inkling of confusion. this wee tale by the brothers crook is like an old record with a skip in it. as an american i understand the difficulties ind film artists have to face. a trip to romania would have wiped out the budget for sure. lets face it this whole film was a loop de loop of claire in the gas station, claire on the side of the road, claire under the bleachers, claire in the house, claire in the cornfield, claire at school. claire here and claire there. it almost became monotonous and would have if she had not been the best actor in the cast. josh and jeff have to make a living but don't write a two page script and turn it into an hour,twenty flick. before writing another screenplay about dreaming ghosts watch an episode or two of ghost whisperer or something and get a little background. all of the cast except the above mentioned and a couple of others were engaged in their first and last film. also, there is an appearance by co-director jeff as he is in all his films. just like alfred hitchcock, eh? one thing the film had going for it is that the cameraman seemed to have a fixation on lauren lewis' derrière. well, with all sarcasm now satisfied i still recommend the film for the horror buff just to see this young actress in the formative time of her career (i hope)and that chris ferry has established himself as a villain worth watching.

this movie could have been so much better, especially considering the talent. larenz tate's portrayal of frankie lymon was not good, especially in musical performances. he doesn't lip sync well and his stage mannerisms are larenz tate, when he should have been frankie lymon. the portrayal of the women as a bunch of gold diggers has hollywood written all over it. the powers that be obviously pushed it, but it only made the characters more unrealistic. the positives of the movie were miguel nunez's portrayal of little richard, and the cameo of little richard himself. lela rochon is eye candy, as usual, even in a conservative role. it's too bad that the talents of halle berry and vivica a. fox were wasted. the whole frankie lymon saga was fascinating in real life. too bad this film was a wasted opportunity.

the title should have been the walker. the guy expend 90% of the movie walking. he doesn't know what he wants, or what he is. go through life stealing peoples identity for nothing. he gets no benefit, no money, nothing pretending to be another person.no body was able to understand why he was pretending to be somebody else.the only thing that was clear in this movie is that he love his father and was a good son. but the rest was crap.may be director is a looser that would like to be somebody else. but what he really should do is to get a real job, because after his movie, i don't think he has a chance to make as a movie producer.

the title should have been "the walker". that was only he did walk.there was nothing on the movie that was good. the description of the movie doesn't really comply with the plot.the only thing that i can get from the movie is that he was a good son, but a low life terrible person.i'm sorry that i expend my money and time, on this movie. i saw people leaving the theater in the middle of the movie. i stayed hoping that it will better....what a mistake. i got worse.if there is a suggestion that i can make to he producer is to re-direct his life to another field, because making movies is definitely no his cup of tea

i anticipated the release of the film as much as any fan of the broadway play. i waited and read reviews for months about the award winning performances. i mean with the star power of eddie murphy, jamie foxx, beyonce knowles, danny glover... the movie couldn't be less than 4 out of 4 stars, right? wrong! i was definitely disappointed by the finished product. the film did not match up to the publicity hype it was given and the only saving graces were eddie murphy, anika noni rose and jennifer hudson.eddie murphy's james brownesque performance rescues the movie just when it hits its multiple lulls and jennifer hudson's performance compels you to pay attention each time she's on screen. her performance of "and i am telling you" was the only time that i felt the hype was deserved. you cringed as she begged her no good man to let her stay in the group and in his life. as many reviewers have stated, she steals the movie from the more experienced actors and deserves all the accolades she's receiving for this performance. anika noni rose was also a strong presence with a great voice and comedic talent. jamie foxx and beyonce knowles, on the other hand, cruised through their performances. foxx's acting skills for this film seemed to predate his extraordinary "ray" performance and beyonce knowles was on an extended fashion photo shoot or video taping, posing and shimmying her way through the movie. her performance wasn't strong enough to make you care about her character at any point in the film.the movie was too hyped, 30 minutes and 1 song (beyonce's "heartfelt" solo to jamie foxx) too long.dh -- vancouver, wa

yes there are great performances here. unfortunately, they happen in the context of a movie that doesn't seem to have a clue what it's doing. during the first 45-60 minutes of this all the music takes place as realistic performance. suddenly, about an hour in, the characters who, until this point, had always spoken to each other, suddenly start singing to each other. to further confuse things, a little further in, out of nowhere, they actually do about 15 minutes of sung-through dialog, then seem to drop that idea and move on to other things, such as a number that begins in a jazz club with a drummer and two electric guitars suddenly turning into a fully orchestrated piece with a massive unseen string section. on top of all this inconsistency in how the music is used, is the composers' clear inability to actually write music in the style that is supposedly being portrayed. while the first couple of pieces do sort of mimic the 1950s motown sound, the rest of the film is just (bad) broadway show music. then there's the pure silliness of snippets of a group doing a bad jackson family imitation and eddie murphy morphing from little richard to james brown to lionel richie. when he started channeling stevie wonder i couldn't help laughing out loud. this was clearly one of those films that make me appreciate how little time i have on earth and resent that i wasted two hours of it watching this film.

i had been looking forward to seeing dreamgirls for quite a while...what with all it's raving reviews, nominations and media attention. and i must say, the first quarter of the movie was good! it really portrayed the black music scene back then. however, as the movie wore on, me and my whole family were bored out of our wits. the singing just kept coming, one after the other. i mean seriously, just one more music number and it would have broke even with rent.furthermore, i noticed hardly any character development in any of the characters; i just didn't care what happened to them! even when eddie murphy's character died of a drug overdose, i knew i should have been sad, but i just couldn't feel any emotion for that character. the characters were given a flimsy background about singing in their childhood and whatnot, but there personalities were not revealed enough to draw me in.finally, the conflict was simply not significant enough to make the viewer care, which goes along with the lack of character development. this movie reminded me of a copy-cat movie based on ray, chicago, and rent (ray and chicago were wonderful movies in my opinion). overall i think this movie would best suit someone who doesn't really care about an overall story, yet would enjoy two hours of entertaining and fun singing performances.

despite the excellent cast, this is an unremarkable film, especially from the aviation perspective. it may be somewhat better than the egregious "von richthofen and brown" but not by much. "blue max" remains the best of a small market over the last 35 years while "darling lilli" is fun if not taken seriously. it's interesting to speculate what ilm could do with zeppelins and gothas in a new, high-quality ww i aero film.

funny that i find myself forced to review this movie, but here i am.i am reviewing it, because just recently, i have had the chance to witness the revival of r.c. sheriff's play "journey's end" on stage in new york, at the belasco theatre, starring hugh darcy, boyd gaines, jefferson mays and others, as well as being masterfully directed by david grindley.i left the theater shattered. i am not exaggerating, i was flabbergasted. after almost two and a half hours of a recreated and very claustrophobic depiction of soldier's life in the trenches of the somme (i speculate), during world war one, brought to life vividly, by everyone involved, i came out of the theater with the shakes.mind you, i am not easily shocked, nor am i too sensitive. i am a stage actor and a director myself, so i know the buttons being pressed to achieve certain effects, both emotionally, as well as psychologically.but what i had just witnessed, came so much to life, that i had chills in my spine as i left.none of these emotions came to life, while watching "aces high", the movie based on this play and even adapted for the screen, in cooperation with r.c. sheriff himself, shortly before he died.the screen adaptation takes place in the skies over france. so, gone is the claustrophobic ambiance to start with.the only plus of the movie, are the aerial battle scenes, which look dated in their special effects, compared to today's standards, but still very valid in the flying tactics adopted on screen.granted there had been a couple of screen adaptations of "all quiet on the western front" by erich maria remarque, which takes place in trenches, and not in the sky, but that was the "german" vision on things, if one would like to be picky on such things."journey's end" is just the other side of the medal, and would have made it into a great movie, if they had left it alone and intact.the transfer on dvd is poor, even though in widescreen and adapted for 16:9 tv screens, the quality of the film itself is that of a movie theater. nothing more, nothing less. it sports various defects, such as minor scratches and dots, although the copy, for the rest, is clean.if you want another wwi movie in your collection, especially for those who love and enjoy to see aerial battles among old-timers, then this is a picture for you. but i rather would suggest "von richthofen and brown" as an alternative, although that too, is a movie filled with inaccuracies.for the rest of you, who love good acting and drama, i would leave this one out. buy the play. go watch the play, if you have the chance to get a decent revival of it near you, but keep off this would-be adaptation.it is an anti-war movie, granted, but the weakest i have ever seen in my lifetime ever.the presence of actors such as trevor howard, ray milland, richard johnson and john gielgud, is just a bluff, since they are just seen in very weak and very brief cameo roles throughout the movie.mcdowell, the very talented christopher plummer, simon ward and peter firth, all deliver very weak performances, not due to their lack of skills, but rather due to lack of true and solid direction.there are too many gaps in it, and as said before, it drags itself to the dubious end. dubious because in the original play, none of the men we come to know and sympathize with, stay alive. they are all killed in a fatal and futile mission. in the movie they all die, except malcolm mcdowell, who manages somehow to stay alive another day, being the wing commander of the unlucky bunch, just to receive another three pilots to fly and die for another lost cause.the end of the play leaves a bare stage in total darkness. you just hear the cannons roar, the machine guns rattle, and grenade impacts throughout the theater. then, suddenly, total peace and silence. the curtain comes up. lights. and here they all are. lined up, standing straight and rigid. obedient corpses...far more interesting and far more shocking than "aces high" finale, which is also dragged by the hair.it is up to you to judge.for me, if i had the money and the contacts to do so, i would take the play and develop it, the way it was meant. adding here and there some action scene in the field, just to visualize the "outer" horror and slaughter going on in the "vasty fields of france", around the men involved, but then, just strictly concentrating on what is going on, in that tiny "shack" at the edge of sanity and the world...want such a movie?then ask for it.this is not it.

before i begin, i want to briefly say that this movie in and of itself is very well made and well acted by all involved, including whittaker, who indeed deserves his nomination. it is highly entertaining, and . . . taken in the right context as a work of fiction, it is a very good movie. for that, i give it the two stars.however, rather than wasting your time with what you can read a hundred times elsewhere, i want instead to point out the absolute fictional nature of this film and how dangerous it is to sell people a work of fiction as if it is truth. i stress that this film nowhere in the credits lets us know that the main character, dr. nicholas garrigan, is a complete invention of fiction. rather, it presents this character into a real historical setting, and allows the uninformed viewer to assume he was in fact real, and what they are seeing is the truth. i have no problem with the blending of fact and fiction - but to do so in such a dishonest matter is, in a word, reprehensible.there can be no doubt that africa, along with most third world countries is rife with human misery and suffering. hollywood has long attempted to capture the suffering of people in these countries on film. but hollywood also has its eye toward making money. the only true way to capture the suffering that seems to happen everywhere but the west is to either experience it for yourself, or to at least have it captured in an honest documentary.but these depictions of fictional characters in real historical settings can only do so much. at the end of the day, they become less about presenting the facts for the viewer to decide for himself, and more about leading you from image to image and hitting you over the head screaming, "see, we told you it was bad!" the seminal example of this can be found by anyone willing to watch the documentary on the dvd after sitting through the movie. arguably the most shocking image of the film is the viewing of the body of kay amin, idi's second wife, whom he killed when he discovered her infidelity. in the film, we see that her limbs have been severed and reattached in reverse (arms for legs and vice-versa). this is the director making sure you understand that amin is, as the gungans say, bom-bad! but watching the documentary, we learn that this is in fact nothing more than a myth, which the sitting minister of health at the time himself tells us is not true.so . . . what . . . they just make up these things? why? because hollywood has a low opinion of our intelligence, that's why! they don't trust us to come to the right conclusion ourselves. look, that she was murdered and dismembered is in itself enough for us to conclude that amin was not the likable guy he portrayed to the media - we don't need this texas chainsaw massacre inspired imagery to reinforce that! and this is just the tip of the iceberg. what is also not explained to the casual viewer is that lead character garrigan is himself fictional. there was no young scottish doctor taken under amin's wing. as such, garrigan is clearly present only for the sake of helping us dumb westerners understand the african world. the producers seem to thing we won't be interested in a film about africa unless there is a white face in it. (ironically, even the titular character is portrayed by an american black actor!) the problem with this is that the movie is no longer an expose of amin and his regime, but instead an exploitative thriller about a white westerner coming to africa for all the wrong reasons, making several horrible mistakes, and then "redeeming" himself, even at the cost of three other innocent lives. honestly, i have to say it is nearly reprehensible to suggest that the real tragic death of mrs. amin was the result of a tryst with a fictional scottish doctor - it almost seems to become a morbid joke for the sake of entertainment! i really wish hollywood would stop jerking us around for our money. i first realized its propensity to do this with the woefully manipulative a beautiful mind, ron howard and akiva goldsman's sugary-sweet adaptation of the life of john nash, which deleted the darker side of the man to present only the tortured hero that america just can't get enough of. the sad truth is that hollywood has been selling us these fakes for years, and viewers, who are predictably and understandably too lazy or uncaring to investigate for themselves, buy these fake portraits hook, line, and sinker.look, i'm certainly not suggesting amin is being turned into a villain he wasn't. my point is, with the truth being so shocking enough to convince us of the brutality of the man, why must hollywood then go to such fictional lengths? why must hollywood continue to insult us by holding our hands through these films? why can they not trust us to think for ourselves!? can we not just put the honest portrayals on screen and let the audience decide for themselves? i urge all who continue to watch hollywood's purportedly "true" movies to do yourself the favor of always investigating for yourself, and to never assume that what is on screen is even close to the truth!

what's written on the poster is: "at birth he was given 6 years to live... at 34 he takes the journey of a lifetime." ami is an american-born israeli who was diagnosed with muscular dystrophy disease at the age of one. at age of 34, after the love toward his 22 years old care-giver didn't go well, he decided to come to the us to face the doctor who said that he would have only 6 years to live. he wanted to show the doctor that he is still alive, and weights 39 pounds. why? your guess is as good as mine, even i have seen this film.obviously it's courageous to live when all he can move is his left index finger, but why does he have so much anger toward the doctor who diagnosed his disease 34 years ago? his doctor just told his mom that based on the medical history, people with his disease won't live long. what's the point of him showing up at old doctor's door for? why is tracking down this old doctor in the us is a journey of his lifetime? there are so many things we might be interested in ami's life: how can he make those animations with the movement of only one finger? how can he go through daily lives while totally depending on others? how did he out lived his doctor's prediction? how does he deal emotionally when other people look at him like looking at a strange creature? the movie told us none of that. instead, the filmmaker got a van and set up a trip to let ami to show up at his old doctor's door in order to show him that he is still alive. i thought it was a joke.

what boob at mgm thought it would be a good idea to place the studly clark gable in the role of a salvation army worker?? ironically enough, another handsome future star, cary grant, also played a salvation army guy just two years later in the highly overrated she done him wrong. i guess in hindsight it's pretty easy to see the folly of these roles, but i still wonder who thought that salvation army guys are "hot" and who could look at these dashing men and see them as realistic representations of the parts they played. a long time ago, i used to work for a sister organization of the salvation army (the volunteers of america) and i never saw any studly guys working there (and that includes me, unfortunately). maybe i should have gotten a job with the salvation army instead!so, for the extremely curious, this is a good film to look out for, but for everyone else, it's poor writing, sloppy dialog and annoying moralizing make for a very slow film.

"her cardboard lover" is norma shearer's last movie. she quit the movies and, i think, joined the board of directors at mgm. that was a good move on her part. "her cardboard lover" was talky and boring in parts. it was obvious there were only a handful of actors with speaking parts so they had a lot of dialogue to speak to keep this turkey afloat. the story was a good idea about a wealthy woman (norma shearer) hiring a man (robert taylor) to make her playboy fiancee (george sanders)jealous. i am surprised that the director, george cukor, did not cut many of the talky scenes between ms. shearer and mr. taylor. mr. cukor served ms. shearer well in "the women" but not in this movie. the best performance in the movie was given by robert taylor. during mr. taylor's career, he was given his best comedy roles in this movie and "when ladies meet" in 1941. in 1942, he gave his best comedy performance in "her cardboard lover" and, up to then, his best dramatic performance in "johnny eager." he had a busy year. i think of all the actors at mgm, mr. taylor worked with all the major and minor actresses on the lot. also, mgm gave mr. taylor all types of movies to make - most of them were successful. that is why mgm kept him for 25 years. mr. george sanders was very good as a socialite heel. he played a similar role eight years later in "all about eve" for which he won an oscar for a supporting role. as for ms. shearer, this was one of her worst performances, she was not funny and too dramatic for this comedy. it is strange that she made a great comedy in 1939, "the women", and gave her best performance. it was obvious that she was too old looking for her younger leading men in "her cardboard lover." also, it didn't help that some of her clothes were awful.too bad she and mr. taylor did not make another dramatic movie like their last movie together, the superb "escape". the same comments about this movie can be said of another movie, "personal property" that mr. taylor made in 1937 with jean harlow. it was too talky, boring, and the actress looked old. ms. harlow looked ill throughout the movie and nobody in hollywood noticed to tell her to see a doctor, so in 1937, she died at age 26. what a waste! she was becoming a good actress and getting better roles.

like all the taviani brothers films, this one looks great, but it is rotten to the core with false romanticism, and coincidences heap upon each other in some facsimile of a "story". in actuality, this is really just a sentimentally cheap tear jerker posing as an intellectually distinguished art film.

as i said, the book was pretty good and this might have been a good movie if melissa gilbert hadn't been so horrible and unbelievable in the lead roll. what kind of accent was that suppose to be anyway? it sounded the same as her horrible russian accent in another movie that i have seen her in. every time she opened her mouth i cringed. it took 3 tries before i was able to watch the entire movie. brad johnson was good as the other lead. i really liked the beach location scenes. they added some much needed brightness to take your mind off of melissa gilberts depressing portrayal. i think they could have used san francisco views more to their advantage though. it looked like the night scenes were actually sf, but i could be wrong. i don't recall the character in the book being this depressing. please keep melissa gilbert out of any future movies that require an accent!

this is a typical steele novel production in that two people who have undergone some sort of tragedy manage to get together despite the odds. i wouldn't call this a spoiler because anyone who has read a steele novel knows how they all end. if you don't want to know much about the plot, don't keep reading.gilbert's character, ophelia, is a woman of french decent who has lost her husband and son in an accident. gilbert needs to stop doing films where she is required to have an accent because she, otherwise a good actress, cannot realistically pull off any kind of accent. brad johnson, also an excellent actor, is matt, who is recovering from a rather nasty divorce. he is gentle, convincing and compelling in this role.the two meet on the beach through her daughter, pip, and initially, ophelia accuses matt of being a child molester just because he talked art with the kid. all of them become friends after this episode and then the couple falls in love.the chemistry between the two leads is not great, even though the talent of these two people is not, in my opinion, a question. they did the best they could with a predictable plot and a script that borders on stereotypical. two people meet, tragedy, bigger tragedy, a secret is revealed, another tragedy, and then they get together. i wish there was more to it than that, but there it is in a nutshell.i wanted mindless entertainment, and i got it with this. in regard to the genre of romantic films, this one fails to be memorable. "a secret affair" with janine turner is far superior (not a steele book), as are some of steele's earlier books turned into film.

this movie got off to an interesting start. down the road however, the story gets convoluted with a poor illustration of ancient black magic rituals. the male lead was very good , even though he gets the worst end of the stick in the climax. in comparison, this is "boomerang" meets "extremities".

this movie got off to an interesting start. down the road however, the story gets convoluted with a poor illustration of ancient black magic rituals. the male lead was very good , even though he gets the worst end of the stick in the climax. in comparison, this is "boomerang" meets "extremities".

this engaging (which it shouldn't be) low-grade spanish exploitation (quite tame i might add) looks good, but huh? let me phrase that again 'huh?'. actually the word 'huh?' would be going through your mind quite a lot. nothing makes sense, nor does it try too. i just don't know if its complicatedly cryptic or just a convoluted muddle, but there's no denying how laconically uneventful, strange and wordy it feels.unrelated sequences tied (like that nasty opening involving a little girl, dead cat and fire) in to a sparse story involving photographer mario (played by a chest-puffing john caffari, who's mustache is a dead ringer for nintendo's iconic mario. what's the odds?) that ditches his girlfriend at home and encounters a young lady (a gorgeously fixating patty shepard) who he asks to come with him on an photography assignment, where at this remote mountain retreat they come across some hooded witches.look past the unhinged plot structure and wallow in what is simply a moody piece of atmospheric mechanisms and growing unease. raul artigot directs few jarringly unusual visuals and creepy passages, but for most part seems sporadically non-existent and unfocused just like his writing. ramon sempere's striking cinematography lenses the gracefully rich scenery as we take in the scenic views and let the time leisurely grind away. however there are certain areas where it was too dark to see what was going on. fernando garcia morcillo's hauntingly bombastic and overwrought score blends terrifically with compulsively dense atmosphere created. the leads are capable, but there's also a sturdy bunch (the pick being víctor israel) of secondary performances.slow with little in the way of interest, but this dreamy set-up (that seems to go on and on) manages to keep you watching until its closing.

as someone else mentioned, it begins with a bizarre prologue about a little blond girl killing a cat. then the main story: a photographer (gaffari) and a writer (shepard) meet by chance and take a trip into the mountains. first they spend the night at an inn where the slightly deaf landlord gets hollered at, with increasing irritation to the audience, by gaffari. once in the mountains they seek shelter again and are invited in by a kindly old lady who seems overly hospitable to strangers (hansel and gretel, anyone?) what happens next i will leave for the bold viewer to sort out because i most assuredly couldn't. now, i like eurohorror, and this woulda been better if only artigot (writer and director) had made some attempt at logical story telling. the backdrop (pyrenees?) makes an excellent and intriguing location for mysterious and occult occurrences. the verdant peaks could easily obscure supernatural forces and those who command them. the photography is nice. just wish the whole thing made sense. you can view this film at archive.org.

welcome to movie 17 on the chilling classics 50 pack. where we'll see, that's right. another movie that makes absolutely no sense. seriously, this movie had me so confused at the end, i thought i was rewatching "at dawn they sleep." the plot seems simple enough....well that is until 3 seconds into the movie where a girl supposedly killed a cat and then...um.. explodes? i have no idea what happened. and that was before the title screen. that's really sad when i can't even tell what happened in the first 3 minutes.anyway it stars a photographer with a big mustache who finds this girl after dumping his other girlfriend on the way to take pictures of something somewhere. so we get there but not before somebody steals their jeep to drive it 200 feet out of the way towards a town. suspicious? nah. so they decide to stay at this deserted village with one old lady. and then blah blah stuff happens and blah blah talking. the guy with the mustache goes out in the fog for some reason even though the old lady tells him not to. he gets lost and then finds his way back.oh, i forgot to mention this is all after an incredibly pointless 20 minutes of them staying in the house of a guy who looks like that buggy eyed guy from casablanca. then they leave. there's really no point to this scene. it's really just padding. if you cut it out no one would have noticed or cared.but sadly, that was actually the best part of the movie. wait. let me rephrase that. really sadly that was the best part of the movie. because the rest is so confusing that i had to look on imdb to find out what happened. but of course no one else knows so i'm sol. seriously, the last 30 minutes of the movie were some of the most mindscrewing moments i've ever seen on film. they dressed her up in a dress, he gets kidnapped, then released, he runs back to the house, then at the end the witches are in the house and it ends? seriously. i have hardly ever been so confused in a movie. i mean, as bad as movies such as "war of the robots" are, at least they make sense. this movie doesn't even make the attempt to be coherent. the ending was as confusing as the end of "at dawn they sleep" and the plot was much more boring. this movie gets a 1 just for its sheer "i have no idea what happened in this movie"ness. "witches mountain" gets 1 confused movie watcher out of 10.

i am working my way through the chilling classics 50 movie pack collection and the witches' mountain (el monte de las brujas)is something like the 17th movie in the set.the movie had nothing to it to hold my attention at all. the plot was incoherent. the dialog seemed improvised. the acting was poor. the characters were unsympathetic.the best scene is the beginning, with an exasperated woman that is driven to burning her seemingly bratty daughter. however, the only connection this scene has to the rest of the movie, is the lead character, mario, who has the most stupendous mustache ever. but, that's it.the film was not effective on any level. the music was too intrusive. the lighting was very dark, so that some scenes are almost completely black. it really is barely watchable -- what more can i say?

i admit, i had to fast forward through this poorly transferred dvd after about 30 minutes -- nothing was happening, and everyone has already described the "plot." but has anyone mentioned the opening scene -- a butcher knife is stabbed through a wig and it's impaled on the grass in the front yard! i'm guessing the bratty kid did it, put it's never explained. really trippy opening.i wish this had been a better written or thought out film, because what we're left with if pretty daft and a movie that makes no sense isn't a "clever" movie, it's just a poorly executed film.i would like to see a cleaned up version and if there was any missing footage, i would like to see if it would help. otherwise, this is an odd little film that is best if fast-forwarded through!

i was never quite sure where this thing was going. these people seem interested in what is going on on some mountain. they investigate, have narrow escapes, leave, come back, leave, put each other in danger, sleepwalk, get attacked by witches who have consistent wardrobes, etc., etc. the guy seems to like the girl, but leaves her unprotected numerous times. she gets taken off, he gets her back, leaves her again. you get the point. the whole thing seems to get around to some sort of sacrifice, i think, but i'm not sure, or turning people into witches, but i'm not sure. it's just dull and endless and not worth the time. there are some atmospheric scenes, but the print is so bad that there times when twenty seconds of blackness is not unusual. is this caused by age or the overuse of night filters.

this film was absolutely awful, i even feel uncomfortable calling it a film. its the typical "mumblecore" movie, with zero plot and a bunch of aimless whiny twenty somethings stumbling around trying to "figure stuff out". i have tried to give mumblecore a chance, but lets be honest its just horrible.i am not out of sync with cinema, i appreciate dogme95 films, idioterne is one of my all time favorite films. so i do not mind if a film is cheaply made so long as there is some (any) substance.everything in this film is horrid, the acting, the writing (or was it all improvised?), the direction, but most of all, above everything else, the camera work was just plain and simple nonsense. the camera was never anywhere logical, there was no consistency. i got to admit being a guy i had heard there was nudity in this film so i thought to myself well even if its horrible at least there's nudity (yea i know, i'm a jerk). well thanks to the uber crappy camera-work you never really get to see anything, and the things you do see, trust me - you do not want to see. this film made me want to vomit on numerous levels.the dialogue made me want to vomit, the camera-work made me want to vomit, but mostly the idea that this film was praised by some legit critics, well now that more than anything makes me want to vomit.

"it's like hard to like describe just how like exciting it is like to make a relationship like drama like with all the like pornographic scenes thrown like in for like good measure like, and to stir up like contro- like -versy and make us more like money and like stuff." - ellen, the lost quote."kissing, like, on the, like, mouth and stuff" is like the best like artistic endeavor like ever made. watching like ellen's hairy arms and like chris masturbating was like the height of my years-long movie-viewing experience and stuff. but before i like begin like breaking new u.s.-20-something-airhead records with the my "likes", let me like just briefly list like the high- like -lights of this visual like feast: 1. chris doing the deed with his genitals. and not just that: the way the camera (guided so elegantly by ellen and patrick) rewards the viewer with a full-screen shot of chris's fat white-trash stomach after he finishes the un-catholic deed - that was truly thrilling. i can in all honesty say that i've never seen such grace. chris, you should do more such scenes in your next movies, because that is exactly what we needed as a continuation of what that brilliant, brilliant man, lars von trier and his "idiots 95", started. a quick w*** and then a hairy, fat, white belly: what more can any movie-goer ask for?! needless to say, i can sit all day and watch chris ejaculate (in spite of the fact that i'm straight)... such poetry in motion. such elegance, such style. no less than total, divine inspiration went into filming that sequence - plus a solid amount of zen philosophy. even barbra streisand could not get any more spiritual than this.2. ellen's hairy, thick arms. the wobbly-camera close-ups, so skillfully photographed by our two directors of photography (i can't emphasize this enough), ellen and patrick, often caused confusion regarding the proper identification of the sex in question. there were several scenes when we would see a part of a body (a leg, arm or foot), yet it was often a guessing game: does that body-part belong to a man or a woman? naturally, chris and his fellow artists, ellen, patrick and whatsername, cast themselves on purpose, because their bodies were ideal for creating this gender-based confusion. it was at times hard to guess whether one is seeing a female or male leg. patrick is so very thin and effeminate in his movements, so hairless and pristine, whereas ellen and the other girl are so very butch, what with their thick legs and arms. brilliant. 3. brilliant - especially the way that neatly ties in with the theme of role reversal between the sexes: so utterly original and mind-blowing. ellen behaves like a man, wants sex all the time, while her ex patrick wants to talk - like a girl. spiffing.4. ellen's search for a leftist mate. "he must love 'the simpsons', which is quite leftist." i am glad that the makers of this movie decided to break the long tradition of offering us intelligent leftists. ellen is such a refreshing - and realistic - change. the number of "likes" that she and her liberal friends manage to utter in less than 80 minutes is truly phenomenal (3,849, to be exact). they have managed to realistically transfer their real-life ineptness onto the big screen with a minimum of effort, and i applaud them for that.5. the close-ups of toes. plenty of stuff here for foot-fetishists, which i think is a very liberal, highly commendable way of reaching out to sexual minorities. after all, shoe- and foot- fetishists are offered so little in modern cinema, so it's nice to see that someone out there cares.kotm, or rather, klotlmas, offers more than meets the eye. it is not just a modest little film about shallow people engaging in hollow relationships while indulging in meaningless conversations. no, it's much more than that. it's about the light that guides all silly creatures; the guiding light that dominates the futile lives of various pseudo-artistic wannabes who just dropped out of film school, and plan to assault our senses with dim-witted drivel that will hopefully play well at pretentious festivals like sundance and cannes, enabling them to gain the necessary exposure hence some real cash for a change, with which they will later hire the likes of sean penn and george clooney in promoting the saving of this planet and the resolving of all political problems this world faces. what better way to do that than by making porn at the very start? if chris and ellen did the camera here, as is clearly stated in the end-credits, then who held the camera while the two of them were in front of it? they probably hired some passers-by and shoved the camera into their hands...go to http://rateyourmusic.com/~fedor8, and check out my "tv & cinema: 150 worst cases of nepotism" list.

what a time we live in when someone like this joe swan-whatever the hell is considered a good filmmaker...or even a filmmaker at all! where are the new crop of filmmakers with brains and talent??? we need them bad, and to hell with mumblecore!this movie is about nothing, just as the characters in the film stand for nothing. it's this horrible, so-called gen y, that is full of bored idiots, some of which declare themselves filmmakers with out bothering to learn anything about the craft before shooting. well, orson welles was a filmmaker. john huston was a filmmaker. fellini was a filmmaker. dreyer was a filmmaker, etc. current films like these show just how stupid young, so-called "filmmakers" can be when they believe going out with no script, no direction, no thought, no legit "camerawork" (everything shot horribly on dv), no craft of editing, no nothing, stands for "rebellious" or "advanced" film-making. nope, it's called ignorance and laziness or just pure masturbation of cinema (and there actually is an in-your-face "jack-off shot," so be ready). look at the early films of any accomplished "indie" filmmaker: linklatter, morris, allen, lynch, hartley, jarmusch, jost, lee, or herzog...none made anything as tedious and aimless as this, yet swan-whatever the hell, is still going to sxsw every year and hailed as some kind of gutsy, new talent. it's crap! i can't imagine anyone liking this, and everything else this so-called filmmaker has done (all seen by me) is just as bad (the newer stuff clearly made to appeal to a more mainstream audience, one of the sitcom calling). steer clear, unless you're a friend or family member of those involved...on second thought, if you're a family member or friend you'd probably be embarrassed to see a family member or friend in such compromising situations...utter garbage. this isn't art. this is the ultimate opposite of it.

the cowboys could leave you a little sore in the saddle. definitely not one of johns best movies. don't get me wrong, with any john wayne move there is always some good spots. and this one has it's fair share. but over all the picture moves slow and just doesn't live up to the aspirations it could have been. bruce dern again does an outstanding job as the villain. roscoe lee brown is another bright spot in the movie. the kids in the movie were average but could have been cast better. this would be a good movie for the eight to fifteen year old movie goers.this would be a good family move to watch with your children. just be aware, there is a couple of scenes that you may want to take a look at before you let the young ones see it. but most kids that i know who have seen the movie like it. maybe it's because they get to see kids their age do all the grown up work.

camille 2000 aspect ratio: 2.35:1 (panavision)sound format: monowhilst visiting rome, an amorous nobleman (nino castelnuovo) falls in love with a beautiful young libertine (daniele gaubert), but their unlikely romance is opposed by castelnuovo's wealthy father (massimo serato), and fate deals a tragic blow...a sexed-up love story for the swinging sixties, adapted from a literary source (alexandre dumas' 'la dame aux camelias') by screenwriter michael deforrest, and directed with freewheeling flair by radley metzger who, along with the likes of russ meyer and joe sarno, is credited with redefining the parameters of 'adult' cinema throughout the 1960's and 70's. using the scope format for the last time in his career, metzger's exploration of 'la dolce vita' is rich in visual excess (note the emphasis on reflective surfaces, for example), though the film's sexual candor seems alarmingly coy by modern standards. production values are handsome throughout, and the performances are engaging and humane (castelnuovo and gaubert are particularly memorable), despite weak post-sync dubbing. though set in an unspecified future, enrico sabbatini's wacked-out set designs locate the movie firmly within its period, and piero piccioni's 'wah-wah' music score has become something of a cult item amongst exploitation devotees. ultimately, camille 2000 is an acquired taste, but fans of this director's elegant softcore erotica won't be disappointed. next up for metzger was the lickerish quartet (1970), which many consider his best film.

i hate this movie! it was nothing like the book, and just thinking about it makes me mad. if you watch the movie before reading the book, then yeah, it's a good movie. but king's book was amazing and this movie was nothing like it. i mean, the general meaning might be sort of similar but most aspects of the movie are completely different. the ending for example! so in the book it is extremely intense and danny and wendy escape seconds before the hotel explodes. but in this horrible movie version jack like takes them through a stupid maze... yeah, there is no maze in the book and there is no reason for it. another part that made me angry was that jack just kills mr. halloran! what the heck, he is basically the hero of the book and they just kill him off like he wasn't important. overall, it was just bad that the movie was so extremely off.

i caught this stink bomb of a movie recently on a cable channel, and was reminded of how terrible i thought it was in 1980 when first released. many reviewers out there aren't old enough to remember the enormous hype that surrounded this movie and the struggle between stanley kubrick and steven king. the enormously popular novel had legions of fans eager to see a supposed "master" director put this multi-layered supernatural story on the screen. "salem's lot" had already been ruined in the late 1970s as a tv mini-series, directed by tobe hooper (he of "texas chainsaw massacre" fame) and was badly handled, turning the major villain of the book into a "chiller theatre" vampire with no real menace at all thus destroying the entire premise. fans hoped that a director of kubrick's stature would succeed where hooper had failed. it didn't happen.sure, this movie looks great and has a terrific opening sequence but after those few accomplishments, it's all downhill. jack nicholson cannot be anything but jack nicholson. he's always crazy and didn't bring anything to his role here. i don't care that many reviewers here think he's all that in this clinker, the "here's johnny!" bit notwithstanding...he's just awful in this movie. so is everyone else, for that matter. scatman crothers' character, dick halloran, was essential to the plot of the book, yet kubrick kills him off in one of the lamest "shock" sequences ever put on film. i remember the audience in the theater i saw this at booing repeatedly during the last 45 minutes of this wretched flick, those that stayed that is...many left. king's books really never translate well to film since so much of the narratives occur internally to his characters, and often metaphysically. kubrick jettisoned the tension between the living and the dead in favor of style here and the resulting mess ends so far from the original material that we ultimately don't really care what happens to whom.this movie still stinks and why so many think it's a horror masterpiece is beyond me.

kubrick meets king. it sounded so promising back in the spring of 1980, i remember. then the movie came out, and the kubrick cultists have been bickering with the king cultists ever since.the king cultists say stanley kubrick took a great horror tale and ruined it. the kubrick cultists don't give a damn about king's story. they talk about steadicams, tracking shots, camera angles.this is a film, they insist: it should be considered on its own. as it happens, both camps are correct. unfortunately.if one views it purely as an adaptation of king's novel, "the shining" is indeed a failure, a wasted opportunity, a series of botched narrative gambits. i used to blame that on kubrick's screenwriter. the writer diane johnson (author of le marriage, l'affaire, le divorce, etc.) has a reputation as an novelist of social manners. maybe she was chosen for her subtle grasp of conjugal relations or family dynamics. but the little blue-collar town of sidewinder, colorado doesn't exist on any map in her francophile universe. kubrick the anglophile probably found her congenial, however. he, of course, is the real auteur. and considered on its own merits, his screenplay for "the shining" -- with its mishmash of abnormal psychology, rationalism, supernaturalism, and implied reincarnation -- just doesn't stand up to logical analysis.i'm willing to consider kubrick's "shining" on its own terms. i'm even willing to take it as something other than a conventional horror-genre movie. but it doesn't succeed as a naturalistic study of isolation, alienation, and madness either. parsed either way, the film pretty much falls apart.are the horrors of the overlook hotel real? or do they exist only in the mind -- first as prescient nightmares suffered by little danny torrance, then as the hallucinations of his father? one notes how whenever jack torrance is seen talking to a "ghost" he is in fact looking into a mirror. one notes how the hotel's frozen topiary-hedge maze appears to symbolize jack's stunted, convoluted psyche. very deep stuff.but if indeed the overlook's "ghosts" are purely manifestations of jack torrance's growing insanity, then who exactly lets the trapped jack out of the hotel kitchen's dead-bolted walk- in closet, so that he can go on his climactic ax-wielding rampage?and can anyone explain, with a straight face, that black-and-white photograph (helpfully labelled "1921") of nicholson as a tuxedoed party-goer that pops up out of left field and onto a hotel-ballroom wall during the film's closing seconds? are we to seriously conclude that jack torrance's bad craziness stems from a some sort of "past life" experience? (and if you swallow that, since when are reincarnated people supposed to be exact physical replicas their past selves?)maybe kubrick didn't care about his storyline. maybe only wanted to evoke a mood of horror. whatever the case, the film tries to hedge its narrative bets -- to have it both ways, rational and supernatural. as a result, the story is a mess. this movie hasn't improved with age, and it certainly doesn't improve with repeated viewings.i don't deny that a few moments of fear, claustrophobia, and general creepiness are scattered throughout this long, long film. but those gushing elevators o' blood, seen repeatedly in little danny's visions, are absurd and laughable. and jack torrance's infamous tag lines ("wendy, i'm home!" and "heeeeeere's johnny!") merely puncture the movie's dramatic tension and dissipate its narrative energy. (i know: i sat in the theater and heard the audience laugh in comic relief: "whew! glad we don't have to take this stuff seriously!") finally, kubrick is completely at sea -- or else utterly cynical -- during those scenes in which wendy wanders around the empty hotel while her husband tries to puree their son. a foyer full of mummified guests, all sitting there dead in their party hats? yikes, now i really am afraid.given jack nicholson's brilliance over the years, one can only assume that he gave just the sort of eyeball-rolling, eyebrow-wiggling, scenery-chomping performance that the director wanted. the performance of shelley duvall, as a sort of female version of don knotts in "the ghost and mr. chicken," is best passed over in silence.this movie simply doesn't succeed -- not as an adaptation, not on its own terms. it probably merits a 3 out of 10, but i'm giving it a 1 because it has been so grotesquely over-rated in this forum.

ok, where do we start with this little gem? mutant slugs begin to take over a small new england (?) town. only one man can stop them... and that man... is mike brady! now, if that wasn't laughable enough, stay tuned.the footage of the slugs is what's known as stock footage. no matter who the slugs attack or where they are, the same shot of piles of slugs oozing everywhere is shown. keep in mind, this singular shot occupies at least half the movie.the acting in the movie was knock down, drag out, steal your wallet, punch your girlfriend, kill your dog, bad. i'm sure there's worse, but you're going to be hard pressed to find it. the only gem was... you guessed it.... mike brady! he must have taken a few night classes at the ymca, because he was the best in the bunch.as for horror? this film is not to be taken seriously. there isn't horror! they're slugs for crying out loud. the entire rising action could have been avoided with a salt shaker or two. only watch this film in a mst3k type environment, otherwise i can see some major damage to the brain.

all you really need to know about this movie comes after the opening scene, where a guy falls into a lake and gets eaten. then they start rolling the title credits: you see "slugs!" in big letters, followed shortly thereafter by "the movie." whew! i was worried i had accidentally tuned into "slugs: the musical" or "slugs: the game show." anyway, from there the movie deteriorates into a kill-fest. you see a guy cut his hand off because he had slugs in his gardening glove, two people get attacked by slugs while having sex, and a girl falling on her back in an underground passageway get stung to death by killer slugs. it's a pretty silly movie, falling in the "so-bad-it's-good" category. it also is shot so poorly with such grainy film that you're shocked to learn it was made in 1988 (my guess was 1974). i'm very surprised it has received as high a score as it has here, because most people here don't give those types of movie any love. but if you want a movie that tries to be scary but ends up being laughable, this is one of your prime candidates.

this could have been a rather entertaining film, but instead it ranks with other duds like leeches and rest in pieces at the bottom of the cinematic food chain. had they played this flick tongue-in-cheek, it could have been a very entertaining film, like re-animator or dead alive, but juan piquor simon plays it tongue-in-cheek in spots but straight more often.the premise of this film is a small community that is besieged by mutated slugs. there is an abandoned toxic waste dump near a sewer line that mutates the slugs into aggressive, meat-eating monsters - albeit monsters that move slowly and can be squished under your boot. health inspector michael garfiled and two accomplices are the only people that seem willing to fight the slugs while the sheriff and mayor think they are crazy. the climax is a laugh riot - unintentional at that - which makes you scratch your head as to how stupid (actors and screenwriter) the scenario of destroying the slugs is.story: $$ (no new ground charted here. simon seems to play the gore elements tongue-in-cheek but the dialogue is straight. had simon worked with a clever script - one with plenty of one-liners and eccentric characters, this could have been a cult film).violence: $$$ (you won't be letdown here. we get plenty of exploding chest cavity scenes as well as a grand head explosion in the middle of a fine italian restaurant. the blood and guts, that many horror film watchers enjoy, is in full swing here. you also get corpses of people who have been picked clean by the slugs and plenty of slug smashing scenes).acting: $ (wow! michael garfield seems to know that this script is a stinker and he delivers his lines with a facial expression that suggests he knows how preposterous this film-making endeavor is. kim terry, as his wife, does an adequate job even though she does little beyond the hold-your-face-while-you-scream bit. the "teenagers" were all horrible actors - no exceptions. man, this film could have used bruce dern or jeffrey combs!) nudity: $$ (two teens get naughty in bed before they get dispatched - in a poorly done scene - by a horde of slugs that crawled into the girl's bedroom. both male and female nudity here).

mike brady (michael garfield who had a minuscule part in the classic "the warriors") is the first person in the community to realize that there's murderous slugs in his small town. not just any slugs, mind you, but carnivorous killer bigger then normal, mutated by toxic waste slugs (who still only go as fast as a normal slug, which isn't that frightening, but i digress). no one will believe him at first, but they will. oh yes, they will.ok, killer slugs are right above psychotic sloths and right below johnathon winters as mork's baby in the creepiness factor. so the absurdness of it all is quite apparent from the get go. the flick is fun somewhat through and is of the 'so bad that it's good' variety. i appreciate that they spelled out that this was slugs: the movie as opposed to slugs: the children's game or slugs: the other white meat. probably not worthy of watching it more than once and promptly forgetting it except for playing a rather obscure trivia game. director juan piquer simón is more widely known for his previous films "pod people" (which mst3k deservedly mocked) and "peices" (which is quite possibly the funnest bad movie ever made) eye candy: kari rose shows t&a my grade: d+ dvd extras: merely a theatrical trailer for this movie

this is a mildly interesting late 80's gore fest featuring some nasty slugs with a taste for human blood. if you can get past the ridiculousness of the whole thing you might actually get some minor enjoyment out of this. the acting is awful and the plot is simply there to hold the movie together between gory slug attacks, but the movie isn't a complete waste of time. the special effects are actually quite good, and the gore is well done. it reminded me of the remake of the blob, probably because of the sliminess of it all. all in all, you could certainly do worse with an hour and a half of your time, but i wouldn't suggest seeing this movie unless you've got a strong stomach and are into this sort of thing.

i love killer insects movies they are great fun to watch, i had to watch this movie as it was one of my favourite horror books by shaun hutson.i have met him and i wish i did listen to him as this movie was terrible like he said it was,after he said that i was still dying to see how bad it was.the plot: people are dying mysteriously and gruesomely, and nobody has a clue what the cause is.only health worker mike brady has a possible solution, but his theory of killer slugs is laughed at by the authorities.only when the body count begins to rise and a slug expert from england begins snooping around does it begin to look like mike had the right idea after all.this movie as the most overacting you ever see a movie! slugs in this movie are fast (then normal) and it looks like they fast forwarding the scenes! this movie is nothing like the book at all, the book was ten times scarier, ten times gory and had a lot more story to it!i didn't like this movie at all! as i am huge fan of slugs the book and second book called breeding ground! both of books are great read the book then watch the movie, you may like more then i did give this 2 out 10

the movie "slugs" is unique because the titular vermin are actually the good guys in this horrific tale of nature gone awry. you see, these poor slugs have been mutated through the pollution of evil humans and don't mean to do anything malicious, they're just slugs- slugs with sharp teeth who eat flesh and excrete poison, but slugs none the less. the real bad guys are the humans, who either actively try to destroy our beloved slugs, or overreact when they encounter them.for example, take the scene where the guy puts on the glove full of slugs. they were just hanging out in a comfortable work glove when out of nowhere this giant hand came at them, and they reacted instinctively, defending themselves and biting the guy. now, instead of seeking medical attention for his slug bite, this guy runs around his greenhouse screaming like an idiot, spills some highly volatile chemicals, starts a fire, knocks a bookcase over on himself, and cuts off his own hand- then the fire and volatile chemicals mix and his house explodes. how can you blame that on the slugs?this movie paints a portrait of humans that is less than favorable. the characters in this movie include the dumb sheriff who hates everybody, the drunk hick who's mean to his dog, and the lumpy sidekick whose wife is at least forty-five years older than him. there's also a set of drunken teensthat get attacked while copulating, and we have to see the skinny long-haired freaks' genitals. meanwhile, there's a guy who looks like a demonic leslie neilson who yells "you don't have the authority to declare happy birthday!" for some reason. finally, this parade of loathsomeness is rounded out by the guy from the mst3k classic "pod people" whose face explodes after eating a slug-laces salad (another easily avoided fate blamed on the helpful, harmless slugs).humans are portrayed as greedy, stupid, racist, alcoholic, and, in one pointless scene, as would-be rapists. in the movie's climactic scene, the villainous humans try to burn the slugs who are cowering helplessly in the sewers, well, since they're idiots, the humans succeed in blowing up the entire town. they alone do more damage than the slugs ever did!if you hate humans, and i know i do, you'll appreciate "slugs". if you're a fan of bad cinema, you'll also appreciate this crapfest from the director of "pieces" and "pod people". there's enough bad acting, silly dialog, illogical plot twists, lame special effects, pointless scenes, and poor dubbing to hold your attention.

a disappointing film.the story established our protagonist as chrissy, a 'young', rather sullen individual drifting, not doing much. actually she does very little to move the narrative along so it didn't surprise me to see the focus shifting on her relatives. it's a pity though, chrissy seem like interesting character.story was predictable and at times felt quite formulated. so the question now is, when are we going to see the campions, jacksons, and the tamahori's breaking ground with compelling, cinematically-told stories that will inspire, rather than entertain for the toll of two hours?technically, a disgusting shot film.

'succubus', the edited version of 'necronomicon geträumte sünden', is a struggle to sit through, even at a lean 76 minutes; any more of this dreadfully boring and pretentious euro horror tripe and i may have slipped into a coma.jess franco once again delivers a truly awful piece of 60s trash that appears to have been made by a cast and crew out of of their heads on class a hallucinogenics, since not one second of this mess made any sense whatsoever. apparently, this is one of the better of his 180+ films – it's hard to believe that there are worse efforts out there.the unfathomable plot deals with franco's usual themes of sex, violence and lesbianism and throws in a bit of s&m for good measure, and yet it still manages to remain mind numbingly tedious.i may leave it quite a while before entering the world of dodgy euro horror again – life is too short to be spent watching bilge like this.

i've come to realise from watching euro horror, especially films made by cult luminary jess franco, that you can't expect a plot that makes much sense. however, franco has gone overboard with this film; and despite a surreal atmosphere, and the film's reputation as one of the director's best - succubus is unfortunately is a truly awful film. i've got to admit that i saw the american cut version, which runs at about 76 minutes; but unless it was just the logic that was cut, i'm sure the longer european version is just as boring. the plot has something to do with a woman marauding around; practicing s&m and talking rubbish, and it's all really boring. there's no gore and the sex is dull, and most of the runtime is taken up by boring dialogue and despite the fact that this is a short film; i had difficulty making it all the way to the end. i have to say that the locations look good and franco has done a good job of using his surreal atmosphere; but the positive elements end there. jess franco is definitely a talented director that has made some classic trash films - but this looks like it was one he made for the money, and overall i recommend skipping it and seeing some of the director's more interesting works.

even though there's a repertoire of over 180 films to choose from, this 'succubus' is often named as the best jess franco film. heck, even the legendary filmmaker fritz lang counts 'succubus' among his personal favorites. so, maybe it's me but i thought this was a dreadfully boring and overly confusing movie. the opening is great, though, and shows janine reynaud performing an sm act on stage. it's all downhill from here, unfortunately. reynaud's character is a maneater who eventually kills her lovers in some sort of trance. franco had a decent budget to work with and spends it well on nice locations, beautiful photography and a mesmerizing musical score. this could have been his greatest film indeed, if it wasn't for the lame and uninteresting story. it's supposed to be psychedelic but i'd say sophomoric is a better term to describe what's shown here. half of the time, you don't have a clue what's going on or what exactly is said so even the short running time of 80 minutes seems to last ages. this most certainly isn't franco's best film according to me. i wouldn't even recommend it to die-hard exploitation fans. if you're looking for more superior jess franco film, try to get your hands on 'las vampiras', 'the awful dr. orloff' or 'female vampire'.

i had the misfortune to sit through the full 102 minutes of what, in my opinion, is this shockingly bad film. it fails on pretty much all levels; the cast is awful, the acting - ham at best and the plot lacks any depth, leaving me feeling violently apathetic as to the outcome of any of the convoluted story lines.plan b has none of the charm this genre has the scope to convey and i found myself physically cringing at the various points where the script makes its regular misjudged meanderings anywhere towards the region of comedy.a bona fide saccharine coated turd of a movie.

"plan b" is strictly by-the-numbers fare except for one thing. i surprisingly found it to be rather insulting.jon cryer is the "star" of this film and plays his usual, smarmy, egotistical, snotty character that was actually endearing in "pretty in pink" and has not been amusing ever since. grating doesn't even begin to describe his performance. ricky (mark matheisen) is a muscular, blonde, struggling actor who (gasp!) is only worried about his hair and getting laid. talk about a stock character...ugh. at least the other three characters are somewhat engaging. lisa darr and lance guest play a grounded, optimistic, caring couple who are struggling to conceive. since they are not whiny drama queens, however, their roles are apparently considered boring and they aren't given enough screen time. sara mornell rounds out the cast by playing gina, your usual nice and good-looking young woman who just can't seem to find the right partner in love. i've seen this character a million times before but at least her performance overcomes some of the shortfalls caused by the predictability of her situation.what startled me about this film was its juvenile promotion of stereotypes. they introduced a russian character for the sole purpose of mocking him and making fun of the way he talked. he was portrayed as being wild, ignorant and amazingly shallow. they were just getting warmed up though for the usual nonsense about gays. gina decides to be gay for a while since she isn't having any luck with guys. honestly. that wasn't that bad except they really went overboard when gina brought a lesbian to a christmas party her friends were throwing. her lesbian date had very short hair (like i'm sure all lesbians do). she also got quite upset (like i'm sure all lesbians do) when gina had the nerve to put on lipstick(!). finally, her date goes around the party hitting on just about every woman there and mouths off when gina expresses her disappointment. of course, we all know how gay people can't stay faithful for so much as a couple of hours much less months or even years, right? (please note the sarcasm in that statement. thank you.)this film was based on a tired and predictable premise to begin with but cryer's unlikable performance combined with the idiotic stereotyping sinks this movie to the lower depths of cinema. 2/10

i have never read the bradbury novel that this movie is based on but from what i've gathered, it will be interesting (when i finally do read it and i will). my comments will be based purely on the film. as soon as i saw the trailer i knew i had to see it and was so excited but when i finally did, i was so disappointed it hurt. this is because the movie itself felt so amateurish. the actors were not well cast (though robards and pryce are both good actors - just not here). the kid actors, it seemed, were merely asked to show up, get in the characters' clothes, say the lines and make the faces. the set and props were cheap and unrealistic. the direction was surprisingly bad. i was so surprised at the awfulness of it that i had to go online and check who directed it, just to see the kind of work he had done. the editing was cut and paste and the plot (screenplay) was just that as well (even though the author had been involved himself, irony?). the building up of the tension, fear and suspense was so mild it was ineffective when the climax finally came.i've read some of the comments on this movie and find it hard to believe people actually like it. what hurts the most is that the content is interesting and fun and intriguing. it had so much potential. unfortunately, the film was so technically bad it takes away from the brilliance of the story.

i had quite high hopes for this film, even though it got a bad review in the paper. i was extremely tolerant, and sat through the entire film. i felt quite sick by the end.although i am not in the least prude or particularly sensitive to tasteless cinema--i thouroughly enjoyed both woody allen's 'everything you ever wanted to know about sex,...' and michael hanneke's 'funny games'--i found the directors' obsession with this ten-year-old wanting to drink women's milk totally sickening. and when the film climaxed in an "orgy" where the boy drinks both his mother's milk, as well as that of the woman he has been lusting after for the whole film, i almost vomited with disgust for the total perversion and sentimental pap that it is.don't get me wrong, i enjoy the vast majority of european cinema, as well as independently made films, so this flick should have pleased me enormously. avoid this film at all costs, it should be relegated to the annals of history as a lesson in bad cinema.

instead, go to the zoo, buy some peanuts and feed 'em to the monkeys. monkeys are funny. people with amnesia who don't say much, just sit there with vacant eyes are not all that funny.black comedy? there isn't a black person in it, and there isn't one funny thing in it either.walmart buys these things up somehow and puts them on their dollar rack. it's labeled unrated. i think they took out the topless scene. they may have taken out other stuff too, who knows? all we know is that whatever they took out, isn't there any more.the acting seemed ok to me. there's a lot of unfathomables tho. it's supposed to be a city? it's supposed to be a big lake? if it's so hot in the church people are fanning themselves, why are they all wearing coats?

the main problem with "power" is that it features way too may pointless characters and subplots that add absolutely nothing to the movie whatsoever. it gets boring after awhile, sitting around waiting through scenes that don't connect to find something that drives the movie forward. you could probably pass it all off as character development, but all of them are either recycled from earlier scenes in the movie, or are just simply to flat and uninteresting. lumet never gives enough time to let any of the supporting cast blossom. he should have cut a few of the characters (hackman, the wife) and concentrated harder on others (billings). it could have been a great, hard political thriller instead of a jumbled mess that loses any message in a sea of bad writing and acting, a fact that amazed me considering the cast. even gene hackman performance wasn't up to par. denzel washington is the only real actor of note here. gere and the others have all done much better performances elsewhere. sidney lumet needs to go back to the fierce one man shows he did in the seventies (i.e, serpico) and stop trying to recapture his success with "12 angry men" and "fail safe". it hasn't worked yet sidney, and it most likely never will. leave the ensemble dramas to altman. 3/10* / * * * *

where to start... if this movie had been a dark comedy, i would say it was fannn-tastic! unfortunately for me, and anyone else with free time and a buck to spare (mind you that was the price i paid, got it from wal-mart), this movie was meant to be a thriller. the only thrill i got was watching kirkland's lousy rendition of anne wilkes from misery sans snowy woodland area. if you want a good laugh, on a rainy friday night with some friends, then i highly recommend this movie. but if you want to watch something at least half way decent, then don't even bother.i for one enjoy crappy films, the worse the better in most cases. but wow... i meant wow!! the only person in the entire film that didn't stink it up was the little boy, played by vincent berry. the only reason why i even give it 3 stars is because it gave me something to do.

everyone involved (and the audience) should seek out "the candidate" to see how good this movie could have been. what happened the south american story? what were julie christie and kate capshaw thinking to allow their roles to be cardboard cut-outs. up to now i have liked every gene hackman performance and/or movie. he was either disinterested (which i can hardly believe) or dreadfully miscast. i have also liked and defended richard gere (and been vilified for it). but here he had no "power". he was never intimidating and only occasionally persuasive. all in all i was very disappointed. i really expected much more from this director and cast. if you can't find "the candidate" watch "wag the dog" again or even "bulworth".

if there was a zero rating, i would give it to this movie. today was the second time i tried to watch it and i still couldn't make it through from beginning to end. i can't believe the multiple stars given by others & can only assume they either know the actors or are a publicist in disguise! the acting is atrocious all around, the script is blah, the kid playing nichole shows zero emotion even when she's being threatened. the "southern" accent from the actress playing amber's mom is laughable - i'm from georgia and have friends from texas - believe me nobody talks like that! none of her emotions seemed real in any scene. the subject matter is very serious and deserves much better treatment.

towards the end of this thriller ally sheedy's gaunt latter-day image is used creatively to make up more than one hauntingly evil image. she convinces one that, if a nasty bette davis-type role were to come her way, she could carry it off brilliantly. unfortunately, i can't find many other reasons for seeing this. if you've wondered what sheedy looks like in a pair of old-fashioned glasses (but why should anyone?) then here's your answer. for the rest, sally kirkland's sex-starved crazy woman is really tiresome, and even if you like this sort of thing more than i do you'll have to admit that the tension sags badly during these scenes. savage's drunken brute of an insurance agent is equally distasteful but at least it's a small role. of the leading actors, nicholas walker inspires no sympathy at all for paul keller's plight and his acting is wooden. dara tomanovich is better and during her scenes with sheedy the level rises a little. sheedy's meticulous, understated performance (though she often seems to be on automatic pilot) is admirable in itself but out of context with the rest. the sets are drab, the camera-work undistinguished.

i really hope that concorde/new horizons wasn't trying to make a serious horror, or even action movie when they made carnosaur 3. the movie is flat-out silly from start to finish. even the humor in c3 is funny because it's bad. definitely a high water mark in the 'so bad it's good' genre. if you enjoy the very worst of the worst, this is for you.

this is probably one of the worst "wanna be a low budget hit films" to credit the dinosaur genre. the film is so predictable you could go away, cook yourself dinner, go answer the phone or whatever and when you're back you'll know exactly what has happened. the special effects are so poor you would have thought lego bricks were used and the "super fast" dinosaurs were so tame that it makes a pet dog look like a super predator. the acting is over cooked. they try so hard, yet there just isn't enough character behind them to get into the characters and as for the scientist... yeah okay we know exactly whats going to happen to the blonde chick in glasses. stereotypical was created for films like this. if you want to watch this film, i suggest you aren't in as a serious mood as the cast and crew obviously were. and if you are really really into dinosaurs and know everything in the world about them, don't watch it, you might break the screen - the facts are that far off.

this is one of the silliest movies i have ever had the misfortune to watch! i should have expected it, after seeing the first two, but i keep getting suckered into these types of movies with the idea of "maybe they did it right this time". nope - not even close.where do i begin? how about with the special effects... to give you an idea of what passes for sfx in this movie, at one point a soldier is shooting at a "raptor" as it runs down a hallway. even with less than a second of screen time, the viewer can easily see that it is just a man with a tail apparently taped to him running around. bad bad bad bad.how about the acting? if that's what you can call it. there is one character who, i suppose, is supposed to be from the south. however, after living in the south for six years now, i have never heard this way of talking. perhaps he has some sort of weird disability - the inability to talk normally. i find it fascinating that the character does nothing that requires him to have that accent - therefore there was no reason for the actor to try to do one.how about the plot? it's pretty basic - raptors escape, people with guns must hunt them down. i'm starting to wonder why the dinosaurs in these movies always seem to run into the nearest system of tunnels... wouldn't they stay outside to hunt prey? oh well, at least they have the good sense to appear very very little in the movie which supposedly revolves around them.other things - let's say you are in a building and you know that there are man eating raptors running around in it. would you decide to take time out to have an argument about who is better - army or marine? and then decide to have an arm wrestling contest to settle it? how about the idiotic idea that they have to track down the raptors - split up into groups of two. didn't they ever watch any horror movies (or at least an episode of scooby doo)? in short, this is one of the dumber movies out there. miss it unless you want to groan your way through a movie.

primal species (1996, dir. jonathan winfrey) international terrorists get a surprise when their cargo turn out to contain living dinosaurs. the army commando team now have to think fast, if they want to prevent the extinction of the human species, instead of the reptiles.you look at the cover and you gain your first impressions of the film. that is pretty much it. the acting is only just acceptable from a few characters. the story is poor, with the whole film based on the army and the marines trying to kill the dinosaurs. this film came out three years after 'jurassic park'. instead, this film looks to have come out 13 years before 'jurassic park'. the dinosaurs costumes are so poorly made, and i do mean costumes. there are obviously people dressed up, and this film makes no attempts at hiding this. a scene when a dinosaur runs down a corridor is created in a way, in which it looks like someone is riding the creature. the is one good thing, which comes out of this film. the short running time. at only 1 hour and 15 minutes, it doesn't waste too much of your life, but still try to avoid it altogether."it's like a friday the 13th nightmare." - officer (brian currie)

in general i like dinosaur movies but this one is pure crap. no script, no dialogues, no acting. and the brave colonel rance trying to show he is tough and so curving his mouth resembles as a twin brother the stupid proctor from the police academy. so this was a complete waste of time (fortunately not waste of money as i saw the film on tv). and i really cannot understand 7 people who graded this sh*t 10. they must've joked. my advice, if you see this title run from it!

this movie is the worst movie i have ever seen... it is humorous how bad it is.. the entire time i was watching it i half expected music to start and the doctor starts dancing..(i've seen porno's with a better plot) when the raptor was trying to get in the door i think someone was throwing a plastic doll against the door from about 2 feet away. but as i said it is so bad you need to watch it so that you can see just how bad it is me explaining it isn't going to do anything compared to if you watch it .. i don't recommend renting it but if it comes on tv watch it for about 30min just to see what i mean. i couldn't watch more than 30min but if you can sit through the whole thing then you have some good willpower

if this is your first time experiencing the wonders of cinema, if you've never seen a "moving picture" before, you'll think this movie is a child of the gods. but if you've seen a movie, a tv show, even barney the dinosaur, then you won't be very impressed by this film. heck barney the dinosaur was even more realistic than the dinos in this flick.now i like b movies. i just watched "the giant gila monster" right before i watched this swill, and i liked that movie much better. it works as a b movie. it has lamer dialog,hokier acting, cheesier effects and an honest to gosh real gila monster as the monster! carno 3 just doesn't pack much of a b movie punch. it has some gore, and that polchek guy comes close to being funny a few times but this movie is underwhelming, almost....flaccid. it's the little engine that couldn't of dinosaur movies. i'm not saying you shouldn't watch the movie. some people can watch gum drying on a sidewalk and feel entertained. if you're one of those people, then give this movie a shot.

this is one of the funniest movies i've ever seen. i rented it as a joke, expecting to get a giggle out of the first few scenes, and let me just say i've never laughed so hard in my life. the first scene where ninjas randomly pop out of the air and start a huge and ridiculous fire fight is one of the most incredibly funny stupid action movie moments of my life. this is not a dinosaur movie, but more a movie that makes fun (and doesn't mean to at all) of the action genre. i didn't see the first two, but judging by the complexity of the plot, i don't think there's to much i missed. if you wanna see a movie that goes great with a six pack or any herbal remedy, than i insist you rent this movie and sit back and watch a 100 years of advancement in cinema get thrown in the trash and get shat on by carnosours

like all carnosaur movies, this is a joke. the way the dinosaurs move, reminds me of when my sister plays with her dolls, because they cannot be any stiffer or more fake-looking than they were.the plot had no sense whatsoever. i mean, first they're on a bus, then in a warehouse then, all of a sudden, they're on a boat. and let's be serious, does it make sense that a couple of dinosaurs can stay together on a van, or on a ship? i thought dinosaurs were the biggest animals, and now they can fit on a moving van. it sounds stupid even when you think about it.the only reason for which i gave this a 3, is because it's still entertaining. i found it better than the first one (haven't watched the second yet). just, don't rent it. i saw it on tv and it's a good thing i did because i wouldn't have wanted to waste money renting it.

nicholas walker is paul, the local town reverand who's married to martha (ally sheedy), but also is a habitual womanizer and decides to fake his own death to run away with his current affair, veronica (dara tomanovich). however in so doing, he gets a bout of amnesia (hence the name of the film). sally kirkland is also on hand as a crazy old coot who pines for the good reverand in a shades of "misery" type of way. it's sad to see a pretty good cast wasted like this. not the least bit john savage in a horridly forgettable role as a shoddy private investigator. in a film billed as a 'black comedy', one has to bring both elements into said movie. while this does bring the former in spades, it sadly contains none of the latter. furthermore you can't emphasize with any of the characters and as thus, have absolutely no vested interest in them. technically not an all-together bad movie just an extremely forgettable one.eye candy: dara tomanovich gets topless; sally kirkland also shows some skin my grade: c- where i saw it: showtime showcase

first of all, i was expecting "caged heat" to be along the same lines as "ilsa, the wicked warden". boy, was i wrong! in no way is this film 70s exploitation, "chix in chains", or "women in prison". sure, the plot consists of a bunch of women in prison, who wear street clothes btw (quite comical), but nothing happens.there aren't strong rivalries, no one tries to seduce the warden or doctor in order to try and escape, and no inmates make out. there are 2 shower scenes, that i suspect is just recycled footage, but no fights breaks out / no one is seduced here - or anywhere for that matter! aside from the lack of plot, unconvincing, unsympathetic, and flat characters, a couple of inmates that do manage to escape actually return to the prison in order to "free" their fellow inmates??!!puh-lease, the movie should have just ended off with the escapees riding off into the sunset...as opposed to letting this mess continue!i feel scammed.

an executive, very successful in his professional life but very unable in his familiar life, meets a boy with down syndrome, escaped from a residence . both characters feel very alone, and the apparently less intelligent one will show to the executive the beauty of the small things in life... with this argument, the somehow amelie-like atmosphere and the sentimental music, i didn't expect but a moralistic disgusting movie. anyway, as there were some interesting scenes (the boy is sometimes quite a violent guy), and the interpretation of both actors, daniel auteil and pasqal duquenne, was very good, i decided to go on watching the movie. the french cinema, in general, has the ability of showing something that seems quite much to life, opposed to the more stereotyped american cinema. but, because of that, it is much more disappointing to see after the absurd ending, with the impossible death of the boy, the charming tone, the happiness of the executive's family, the cheap moral, the unbearable laughter of the daughters, the guy waving from heaven as michael landon... really nasty, in my humble opinion.

long, boring, blasphemous. never have i been so glad to see ending credits roll.

when i sat down to watch this film i actually expected quite a bit, as the plot takes on quite complex issues. using football as launching pad for the complication also was an interesting approach. still unfortunately, despite its bravery of dealing with controversial issues as culture clashes between muslim and western culture, adding generation conflicts and prejudice towards gays/lesbians, it lets you down towards the resolution with a rather simplistic relief to all the suspense built up throughout the film. this leads me to the impression that the makers took on a little too big a task for themselves to tackle, attempting to be more profound then they managed to deal with.however, this does not mean that the film is directly bad, as it's rendering of the conflicts where quite believable and also amusing. the film succeeds in being engaging and entertaining in this matter, but as mentioned above the writers seem to have spun themselves a little too deep. this has led to some quite unrealistic character behaviour towards the end to confront the surging conflicts. by this dropping the ball at a time where the makers could really have shown brilliance taking the film to another level of appreciation.even if the film does at no point really attempt to be a profound piece of drama, the setting has so much potential in the plot it becomes a disappointment when "the ball drops". this way the film moves from being a good and reflected comedy to a standard cliché that becomes ridiculous in its happy-ending. nothing is left out in the hollywood like ending. so even if the story is engaging and one can stomach the large amount of montages, one can't help but roll eyes towards the resolution. personally i was close to shouting "finish already!!" at the screen.there were some decent acting in the film, and the two young female central characters had some good moments. so did their parents and other bi-characters. however the handsome irish coach was an embarrassing piece of acting, that lets the film down quite a bit in terms of realism. he didn't even appear very likable, but rather self involved despite his good deeds, which makes the impending conflict between the girls seem a little strained.i give the film a 4, as it was an engaging story and they sought out a nice perspective to approach the subject from. the script and cast had many good believable characters, giving the audience a chance to recognise either themselves or others. had the let-downs not been this disappointing, i'd easily give the film a 7 or 8. if you enjoyed this film, i'd recommend the film "east is east", which i think is an as good, if not better rendering of cultural conflict, as well as being amusing and engaging.

up until the last 20 minutes, i was thinking that this is possibly jackie chan's worst movie (excluding his pre-1978 work, which i am not familiar with). the final fight sequence changed all that: it is long and good and intense - indeed, one of the highlights of chan's career. but to get to it, you have to sit through a lot of "comedy" that might amuse five-year-olds (oh, look! someone threw a tomato at that guy's face) and endless "football" scenes. not to mention the dubbing (which includes the line "how can i turn it off? it's not a tap" - watch to find out what it refers to). "dragon lord" is worth renting for the final fight alone, but the rest of the movie is only for jackie collectors, and even then only for those who've already seen at least 15 of his other movies. (**)

this was a movie that i hoped i could suggest to my american friends. but after 4 attempts to watch the movie to finish, i knew i couldn't even watch the damn thing to close. you are almost convinced the actual war didn't even last that long. other's will try to question my patriotism for criticizing a movie like this. but flat out, you can't go from watching saving private ryan to loc. forget about the movie budget difference or the audience - those don't preclude a director from making an intelligent movie. the length of the movie is not so bad and the fact that it is repetitive - they keep attacking the same hill but give it different names. i thought the loc was a terrible terrain - this hill looked like my backyard. the character development sequences (the soilders' flashbacks, looking back to their last moments, before being deployed) should have been throughout the movie and not just clumped into one long memory. to this day, i have yet to watch the ending. but there was a much better movie (not saying much) called border.

i was thrilled to watch this movie expecting it to be the sequel to the cult classic "private lessons" which portrays the dream of any male teenager."private lessons ii" has nothing to do with the title i mention. it's just a regular soft-core cinemax flick that won't make a change in your life. there's just one hot sex scene in a rooftop but that's it. i watched this a long time ago but believe me, this is just a regular boring soft core flick.the women are hot but that's not enough to rent or buy the movie. my advice is to watch this only if it airs on cable.

this film was the most longest film and the record breaking film for sure it had 30 actors after jaani dushman(2002) i guess no one had the guts to do something like thatthe film as the title suggests is based on the kargil war but the problem is there are too many characters and the romantic subplots and the songs of many characters are boringeven there are too many cinematic liberties like killing people with knifes, wonder which soldier does that?direction by jp dutta pales front of border music is okayamongst the huge cast ajay devgan stands tall, saif is very good in his part and also it's his first film with kareena, abhishek is likable manoj bajpai has his moments sanju is wasted, suneil is okay akshaye khanna does his part well rest are passable rani is good, esha is okay rest are passable

okay, i was bored and decided to see this movie. but i think the main thing that brought this movie down was that there would be a hour of footage, then basically that same hour repeated 4 times. it consists of 1. gathering the troops and discussing the attack plan, 2. flashbacks to the men's wives 3. the approach of the troops marching in a long line 4. men running up hill and shooting, usually the first getting shot in the head then 3 other men rescuing him. 5. defeat of the enemy and calling to base to tell of success 6. men flashing back to wives and singing 10 minute songs. that was the basic movie, and that same order of events happened about 4 or 5 times. and every time it did a flashback to the wives, it would show the man, then his wife and him. there were about 10 men or more who would have a flashback so this took up tons of time. other than that, the men couldn't kill their enemy except with either bayonets or grenades. i liked the music and there was a lot of action, though the action was repetitive. overall, i probably wouldn't see it again, but it wasn't too horrible.

there's nothing new for me to say: 4 hours of people dying over and over in the same hill. the cast was stellar, but unfortunately the producer/director/editor/god goofed. he should have eaten humble pie (if not for his own sake then for the men who died in kargil), hired one of these brilliant bollywood directors, hired a real scriptwriter, hired a real editor, hired a musician that wasn't related to him in some way (and who seemed to have listened to some bad version of "apocalypse now" on some cheap indian drug), hired a real professional crew, thrown away all the fireworks and told a real story. unfortunately he, like the bigwigs of the indian army, made decisions that were terrible for his actors, and terrible for his audience. we all died over and over. please don't do that again, sir! sushma kathmandu, nepalps: next time an indian director decides to glorify the gurkha regiment, i suggest he hire more than one nepali to represent the team. surely there are plenty of nepali men working in bombay--last count was 40,000 to half a million.

if you have seen very less films, this might be a big one for you. if you have seen lot of films, this is a joke. the acting of real heroes is portrayed very badly. not to mention, there are songs, there are lot of flashbacks, and most importantly, the fighting scenes are stupidily performed. new characters, good direction, would have done a better job, but since it contains all the bollywood heros/heroines, you can predict whats going to happen next. you do not feel sad when something happens, the emotions they protray is terrible, mainly because we have seen this actor in 1000 other hindi movies. it suppose to be a realistic movie, but it fails to show. there are times you wondering, you have thousands of army vehical filled with soldiers moving and the pakistanis are bombing at them and none of their bomb hits them. are the pakis really bad at aiming or the director made them look stupid? there were only a few characters acting that was very good, but as far it is concerned with plot, action, it is poorly directed. this movie could have been short if they took out songs, flashbacks, stick to the point.

storyline: the film spanning 4-odd hours covers in adequate details the happenings at the kargil sector near the loc in 1999 when the pakistani infiltrators had crossed the loc and had entered deep into the indian territory and the indian retaliation. to know more about the story, i would suggest readers to read the news-items pertaining to kargil.comment: if one is looking for a formula story in this movie, then one can be sure that it is absent. loc is a story of pure sacrifice, patriotism, courage and lots and lots of bullets and blood. the movie hall where i saw this film was full of whistles and cheers when the film shows indian bravery. movie audience seemed similar to audiences like in an india vs pak cricket match.watch the movie as a tribute to the army's sacrifice and for the characterization of the real-life war heroes (4 pvc honoured heroes) who have sacrificed their lives so that we could see this day. the movie has made a brilliant portrayal of the army who have battled all odds in rough weather conditions. the film's negatives are that it is too stretched and the songs are extremely boring.

loc could have been a very well made movie on how the kargil war was fought; it had the locations, the budget, and the skill to have been india's "saving private ryan" or "black hawk down". instead it come across as a bloated, 4 hour bore of trying to meld the war move with the masala movie. even the war scenes were terribly executed, using the same hill in all their battle scenes, and spending unnecessary time on casual talk. instead of trying to appeal to the indian public, a better movie would have been a to-the-book account of what happened at kargil (like "black hawk down") or even spending time on the militant point of view (like "tora, tora, tora"). even better, it could have used a competent director like ram gopal verma to write, direct and edit the film. until then, i'd like to see some one re-edit this film, with only the pertinent portions included; it would make the movie more watchable.

michael keaton has really never been a good actor; in the tim burton batman movies he always falls in the shadows of his great villains. here, he stars as a widowed husband that picks up radio frequencies that seems like is dead people that tries making contact with the living...well, this is supposed to be a pretty shocking thriller, but it really misses about every spot there is shocking you. because there's way too much stuff that ends up unexplained, undiscovered and uninteresting. so where's the shocking excitement when it all gets so bad movie made in the first place that white noise makes a fool out of itself? truly bad acting and horrifying edited, this movie is nothing to watch. michael keaton tries making a thriller comeback but ends up missing the target more than ever.

okay, i struggled to set aside the fact that in selling evp as real the movie was basically lying to me from the get-go. i reasoned that hell, i don't believe in vampires but i still liked dracula so i could live with this.however, even with that accepted the movie is just not very good. it's competently made and acted, but it doesn't really capture you at all. there are several "jump" moments, and i just looked at them and thought "yeah, i didn't expect that" without actually jumping in the slightest.also the resolution doesn't make sense. if the force behind this is capable of doing the things it seems to be, then why the hell does it need to use a proxy? plus, the end caption was absurd. they obviously put it there as part of the "give the movie credibility by claiming it's all real" thing, but for that to work it really needs to be at the start. but they can't put it at the start because then they give the plot away... sticking it in at the end just made it stick out like a sore thumb.

"white noise" had potential to be one of the most talked about movies since "the exorcist" i think. seeing as evp is supposedly true it really had an easy passage to be a feared true fact. not many movies come along that really instill fear into the minds of people. like i said this movie could have, but did not. the movie degraded itself to a low class pg-13 scary movie. nothing compared to "the ring" or "the sixth sense" by any means. someone really needs to just take charge in the horror movie industry and just make a movie that not only makes us think, but it makes us jump, scream, everything a horror movie should do. i'm honestly sick of the pg-13 horror genre, because its becoming a genre of its own. we need the old days back, the blood and gore days, the freddy kruger, the jason, the mike myers days. few movies can pull off a think about this mentality being so not scary. so why try to pull it off? a few good jumps in this movie amount to nothing but one of the stupidest endings in movie history with no resolution at all...don't waste your money on this movie.

as a cinema fan white noise was an utter disappointment, as a filmmaker the cinematography was pretty good, nicely lit, good camera work, reasonable direction. but as a film it just seamed as predictable as all the other 'so called' horror movies that the market has recently been flooded with. although it did have a little bit of the 'chill factor' the whole concept of the e.v.o (electronic voice phenomena) did'not seem believable. this movie did not explain the reasonings for certain occurrences but went ahead with them. the acting was far from mind blowing the main character portrayed no emotion, like many recent thriller/horror movies.definitely not a movie i will be buying on dvd and would not recommend anyone rushes out to see it.

i can only believe that garson kanin must have been two people. the one who wrote the brilliant "a double life" and the funny "born yesterday" and co-wrote such excellent screenplays as "adam's rib" and "pat and mike" with his wife ruth gordon and then the one who wrote and/or directed such tiresome, sad drivel as "bachelor mother", "some kind of a nut", and this. the cast tries, but the script is so tired and clichéd that even the efforts of the always wonderful brenda vaccaro are defeated. the script sinks to it's nadir in the truly offensive sequence in which janssen's character tests drivas's character to make sure he's not gay. an ugly sequence, but sadly one which could easily play in a film today. "ethnic" jokes are now totally verboten, but "fag" jokes are still "good, clean, family fun".

jonathan rivers (michael keaton) suddenly becomes a widower when his wife dies. soon after, he's approached by a dr. price, an expert in electronic voice phenomena (evp), who claims he's been receiving messages from jonathan's departed wife anna via sundry electronic gadgets. is anna trying to tell jonathan something? is this merely a hint of something on a larger cosmic or otherworldly scale? it's good to see keaton in a leading role, but the story he's stuck with is convoluted and absurd at points; it's as if the movie doesn't know how to answer any of the questions it brings up, so it just distracts the viewer with new, unrelated questions.keaton himself is pretty good, convincingly cast as the bereaving widower desperately trying to communicate with his late wife. he's matured quite a bit as an actor, leaving behind the frat-friendly waacky-hijinks roles he played 15 or so years earlier. he looks a little craggy, with a perhaps few more wrinkles than one might expect, but he's lost none of the guile and panache that he's shown during his quarter century in hollywood.so it's not that keaton turns in a mediocre performance, it's that the script itself is subpar. written by niall johnson, the plot gets more confusing as it progresses, each tortuous path ending in another tortuous path. this is all well and good if the path leads to some sort of acceptable denouement, something that ties more or less everything together and explains... something. but not white noise; i knew less about what had happened to jonathan than i did before i'd first seen him.keaton's really the only reason to watch this junk, although he gets fine support from ian mcneice (as dr. price) and deborah kara unger as the requisite love interest.

i saw the trailer for this film a few months prior to its release, and man, did it look scary, especially how this film was based on a real life phenomenon. i was incredibly interested, and thought that this could finally be a decent horror/thriller film after years if crap. well you know how movie trailers make a film look better than it is: maybe by showing all of the creepy parts or by overdramaticizing certain elements. the advertisements for the movie did both, which lead to my ultimate disappointment.by no means is this "the most disturbing movie in years". hell, i doubt it was the most disturbing movie of that week's release. this movie takes the whole "based off of fact" thing too far.this movie wasn't complete crap. i must admit, it held my interest and micheal keaton was believable as a man searching for answers by supernatural means. other than that, though, this film is one big cliché. after john's wife dies, he learns about evp, which transmits the voices of the dead into everyday electronic appliances. he all of the sudden receives messages from his wife! my god! it's not just his wife reaching him, it's other dead people. gee, imagine that. a movie about helping dead people. come on, give me a break! the clichés don't stop there. there's also the obligatory clock-stopping-at-the-same-exact-time-every-night trick and three evil spirits that menace our hero. not only was the movie cliché, it wasn't scary. the film literally had two jump scenes, and those two scenes are almost identical. the ending is horrible, as it leaves the door wide open for a sequel. there's also an ending message with a message saying how only 1 out of x voices heard through evp are threatening, with a nice happy tune playing. way to break the mood, you guys. jeez! in the end, if you want another forgettable horror film, see white noise. the only reasons i could possibly think anyone would watch this film for is that either that the person is a keaton fan or that they are interested in evp. sure, the evp aspects may be slightly interesting, but i don't like my movie concepts to be shoved down my throat and blown up in my face. this film tries to be scary, original, and disturbing, but it's just the opposite. you know you have a lame movie when the commercials use the ghosts to talk about there film. "i will see this film no more."

john rivers' life as an architect and family man has taken a turn for the worst when his wife has disappeared and has been concluded dead after a freakish accident that involved changing a tyre on her car. during the days she has been missing, he confronts a man that's been following and he tells him that his been in contact with his dead wife from the other-side through e.v.p - electronic voice phenomenon. naturally he doesn't believe it but then hear gets weird phone calls from her phone and so he contacts the man to find out more about e.v.p. soon enough john is hooked onto it, but something supernatural doesn't like him interfering with the dead, as now other then contacting his wife, the white noise is foretelling events before they happen.since this dvd has been sitting on my shelf for a while now, i thought i better get around to watching it since it wasn't my copy. but then again i don't think the owners were in a hurry to get it back, as they haven't question me about it. oh well. so i decided to give it a play, as i was in an undemanding mood. after hearing and reading all the bad press on it, i wasn't expecting anything remotely good, but i was kept entertained for 90 minutes. well, more so the 60 minutes, as the last half-an-hour was pretty much a blur of confusion. the film is nowhere as good as it could have been, but the time breezed by quick enough even though it's a rather tepid supernatural thriller. i thought it wasn't all a waste. the first hour i found some effective sequences rather interesting and there's a spooky awe generated with a slow progression of subtle stillness and tragedy that haunts you, but sadly that comes to a crashing halt later on in the film. that's when the predictably forced jump scares come into their own and somehow it just doesn't fit in with the context. it becomes rather hectic, loud and very muddled with its mtv style editing and kinetic camera-work that gets to close into the action. i couldn't understand what was going on within choppy and abrupt climax. the whole explanation how everything fits into the bigger picture is pure hokey. it's a very unsatisfying conclusion because it goes for something big, but hits rock bottom. i thought they did fine job up until that point with the lighting and showy camera-work. other then the distinctively stark lighting, the score kept this flick atmospherically gloomy. all of it is very slickly done with its glossed up and fancy hardware, which makes it come across as very sterile and empty.you can easily see that the film's heart is in the technical components and not in expanding the characters and story. there's just no connection and lasting sentiment within this flimsy material. after a while, it just tries too hard to convince you that it falls into manipulative thrills and popping in many blood-curdling stuff from beyond the grave. it just got rather repetitious watching someone watch a fuzzy tv screen after while. the e.v.p machine was the star on the show. well, it did have more impact than the limp performances. michael keaton is more than capable actor, but lately his disappeared off the map and here he provides a modest performance as the dangerously obsessed john rivers. he really deserves much better, though. everyone else is pretty brittle and forgettable. not because of the performances, but of the lack of depth in their characters. this clunker wasn't bad to begin with, but it does go pear shape by falling away drastically.i wouldn't care to see it again and i wouldn't recommend to anyone, unless you got a interest for the subject matter and enjoy the recent crop of hollywood produced horror/thrillers. it's just a damn shame that this over-produced flick couldn't put it together successfully, as it had promise in its idea and a more than decent cast on hand. i didn't hate it, but what a disappointment.

i don't think i've ever been so bowled over by the sheer absurdity of a movie in my entire life as i was when i walked out of this piece of crap. nothing in it makes any sense. none of it is clever or well thought out. out of lack of truly suspenseful moments they repeatedly use that total cop-out trick where you build up the music before the character does something like open a door or push aside a curtain and then nothing's there. thats ok to do once, maybe, but i counted three times. there are things thrown in for no apparent reason, characters, half-formed story lines.... the characters weren't well developed at all. the ending was.. bad. bad, bad, bad, everything, every component, of this film is terrible. and i'm just here to warn you all of that.

the idea was awesome, the actors were incredible, the story could of been very scary, but the writing was poor and there was no depth. i couldn't really get into this movie. i couldn't feel for the characters, there were a lot of cliffhangers, and the movie just ends very weirdly. was it a happy ending? i don't know. was it a sad ending? again, i don't know. you leave the theater feeling unsatisfied. the movie had so much to give, but couldn't. just because you can edit, doesn't mean you should, right? i wouldn't really recommend this movie because you just can't say that you left the movie feeling like it was completed. you'll just be confused. trust me, you will probably thank me if you don't watch this movie.3/10

i frequently comment on the utter dirth of truly scary movies on the market, and sadly white noise only served to reduce my faith that the film industry remains capable of such an endeavor. i was surprised to find myself growingly increasingly fatigued as the plot wore on and my static-induced headache increased. i found white noise to be preposterous beyond our best efforts of suspension of disbelief. even after witnessing the harrowing ordeal sustained by michael keaton, i was totally unaffected by his demise. up until the credits i diligently awaited for something--anything-- of substance to connect me to the characters' story, but such relief never came. sure, there were the occasional heart-stopper moments, but only because loud noises tend to do that to the dozing viewer.while the acting was lame, michael keaton may have played his studliest role to date. perhaps the only redeeming quality that white noise has to offer is the stunning archietecture in both of keaton's abodes. overall, white noise leaves one with the morbidly depressing idea that those who die are trapped in a world guarded by three malicious shadows, contriving to trick the living into following the dead to their own graves.

absolutely one of the worst movies of the year. the plot is ridiculous, the characters poorly developed, and the premise irritatingly stupid. it all begins when michael keaton, fresh off of doing nothing noteworthy since batman, loses his beautiful author wife, anna, to a car accident, possibly caused by her driving one of those convertible vw bugs even though she's supposed to be rich. in his grief, batman moves to a new apartment and takes up a hobby: recording nothing and then watching it. he learned this from a really fat pathetic guy who got murdered by three tall shadowy fellows who lived in his tv. pretty soon, he starts to see dead people, thanks to evp, or electronic voice phenomenon, which is evidently this deal wherein dead people can send messages to living people through tape recorders, video cameras, dead cell phones ("anna cell calling? but she's...dead!...must be ghosts. mhmmm. no other possible explanation. i'd better start messing around with this indiscriminately.") etc. why they can't just write something down on a piece of paper or knock over some stuff to form creative pictograms is never explained. anyway, eventually batman discovers that he's actually seeing the future, and he decides to go help this woman he doesn't know. he gets out of his house just in the nick of time, because the tall dark guys enter just after he leaves ("d*mn it! can travel between the living and dead using electronics, but i'll be d*mned if we can be on time! am i right guys? (they nod in bemused agreement)."). he tracks this lady to a warehouse and finds out that this character from the first ten minutes of the movie (look hard, or you'll miss him!) is actually a serial killer working for three tall shadowy demons, who in raiders of the lost ark style swoop down and kill him, looking like the cartoons that they are. just then some detectives show up and save the lady. after batman's funeral, he decides to send a message from beyond the grave apologizing to his son for being an idiot, evidently feeling that the best way to protect his kid from the horrors of evp is to expose him to it. the little kid just smiles. nothing phases that dude, not even when his dad, batman of course, starts talking to tv's. the high-point of the movie was when someone's phone rang and some guy yelled out, "it's anna!"

i first heard about white noise when i saw the tv advert. before then i didn't even know it existed. i watched the trailer online and decided that i would go and see it. now being a fan of films like the sixth sense, i thought that this film would give me everything i wanted. it has michael keaton in it, and he rocks. unfortunately the film did not deliver. it tried to be another sixth sense or stir of echoes, and failed miserably. it has a very promising start, but the middle just drags on repeating itself, and ends with a completely poor twist which any monkey could have figured out. unfortunately like most "scary" films nowadays it relies on loud noises and bangs to make the audience jump. this film could have been so much more. it's a shame because it was a good idea.

what a shame it is when a potentially captivating and refreshingly low-key story manages to latch onto your interest at the start and then gradually lets you down further and further until you're left scratching your mystified head by the time it reaches its overdone conclusion. unfortunately, this is what happened to me by the end of white noise.it wasn't michael keaton's fault; it was a pleasure to see him return as the star of a brand new movie once again, looking a bit wrinkled perhaps, but still managing to give a strong and sincere performance. as a man whose wife has recently died, he becomes obsessed with her wandering spirit in the afterlife (not a new idea), apparently getting contacted by her through that funky electrical fuzz business you see on your television screen when there's nothing being broadcast.the idea of spirits communicating via the airwaves is called evp (electronic voice phenomena) and there are a lot of people who actually believe in it for real, so i'm not going to make any comments about what i think of that, or them. let me just say that i'm all for suspension of disbelief when it comes to buying into fantastic films like this, but what i can't tolerate is not understanding what the hell was supposed to be taking place, which is about where i was left stranded when the credits finally began to roll. much static indeed.there are occasionally movies like this that have me completely baffled, but if a film fails to make itself clear for me, i tend to consider that to be the fault of the filmmaker, not my own (unless i watched it while i was too tired to focus or something). well, for white noise i was wide awake, bright-eyed and bushy-tailed -- so guess who's to blame?

casting bone to pick: david jannsen was 38 playing the father of robert drivas, who was then, 31 (yeah, i realize he's supposed to be just out of college, but clues in the script have him being a loafer and so he's probably 24-25 in the script--- that still puts jannsen in parenting classes in junior high). i assume the ama wrote medical miracle up in their 1938 year in medicine. this movie hasn't aged very well at all and now it's main appeal is just to see a snap shot of sin city, circa 1969 and all the incessant smoking, the weird hair (drivas has an atomic comb over that makes him resemble a well-groomed hip cousin it) and trendy fashions that went along with it. if anyone remembers, lv wasn't exactly london... the city coddled the mob and codger gamblers in those days. drivas comes off as sexually ambiguous; his dad thinks he might be gay (in a sad irony, drivas himself died of aids at 47) and the soapy conflict is from the generation gap issue (ahem, as if one may call 7 years a gap). sonny boy wants to be his own man and dad wants to pull him into the casino (caesar's palace!), and plies him with girls (including the horny-for-money edy williams). interestingly enough, the son doesn't seem to mind being thought of as gay--- unusual for the time and a cute brenda vaccarro is nearby to swoon platonically over him. what nudity there is is awfully lame--- just what was needed to pull the audience in for an 'r' rating in the early days of the mpaa rating system (which then was g-m-r[16]- and x). the editing is horrible and there's stupid-silly overdubs by the committee (a late 60's neo-avante-garde comedy troupe that mercifully faded off the map within a couple of years). don rickles is on board as a blackjack dealer... seemingly preparing him for a role as a floor manager in the much better casino two decades later. not to give anything away, but they would've dealt with mr. rickles' character with power tools and a hole in the desert back then. a curiosity at best, far from joshua logan's usual caliber of work. dos/dias. now go watch casino again...

garson kanin wrote and directed this look at "modern day" las vegas and the gap between generations, his first directorial effort since the 1940s! david janssen is somewhat miscast as a big-shot casino owner who reunites with his son (robert drivas, who looks disconcertingly like an older jason bateman). janssen approaches every scene the same way: defensively, with a chip on his shoulder. playing this role cool and laid-back is asking too much from janssen, who barks at everyone like a grouchy put-upon husband (he even chews out don rickles and makes him cry!). his son, a ne'er-do-well in search of his own identity, makes hip comments about how young people look down on vegas (give them another ten years), and his disapproval of dad's lifestyle causes friction. brenda vaccaro is cute as a self-conscious secretary and edy willaims has a fun bit as a showgirl at an audition. unfortunately, "where it's at" doesn't have much else going for it other than the now-dated ruminations on ethics between adults and their kids, some quick t&a shots and amusingly jaded satirical bits on the high-stakes world of gambling--most of which has been covered by now, ad nauseum. ** from ****

thanks to some infamous home video distributor who brought in the so called german independent series, four for venice is not only awful, but really awful. so awful, that i have it dumped at the second hand goods store for extra cash.nick and charlotte is a married couple who reached an agreement of having sex only on tuesday due to their hectic schedule of their profession. eva and luis is a pair of couple living from hand to mouth, where eva works as a waitress and luis, an artist. nick indirectly causes eva to lose her job as an waitress. luis and charlotte had an affair at the back of eva and nick. luis cheated on eva by lying to her that he would be flying off to london to do something related to his artwork, but the fact is, he is flying off to venice with charlotte for an adultery holiday. eva kidnapped nick and dragged her 2 kids along to venice for confrontation. the trip to venice ends up both nick and eva falling for one another.the presentation of the journey from germany to venice between nick and eva marks the failure of the comedy. it not only look senseless, but also draggy. in the film, nick try to seek help for several ways, but it ends to no avail. it is either the strangers around him who acts like morons, or they are just simply dumb.the comedy also had the tendency to add in unnecessary scenes to lengthen the story. while some of the problems that can be solved with common sense, no one in the film are using common sense to solve the problem. they prefer to go through one big round to solve the problem.it fails so bad, that even the beautiful sceneries in venice fails to pull up the reputation of the film.

there is a reason this went straight to video- the story is smarmy, nick cage plays johnny in a sleazy way- sex in churches, and other scenes that border on tasteless(like the scene in the laundry room) taint this movie. judge reinhold as the cuckold is okay- but the movie itself with its themes of degradation and revenge are not well done. but it is a good film for trivia contests- because so few people saw it.

the problems with this film are many, but i will try to mention the most glaring and bothersome ones. first of all, while the theme suggests a number of vignettes about manhattan life, the reality was that everything, as usual in movies and tv, was about something bizarre, usually of a sexual nature. the story lines were thin or nonexistent, and virtually every scene, camera shot, line of dialog, and expressed emotion was absolutely, and totally fake. it finally reached a point after an hour of so of mind numbing garbage that i walked out (something no uncommon for me in recent years.) i would have guessed the fi9lm was directed by some wannabe auteur drop outs from some 3rd rate film studies program, but i believe the (at one time, pre-amelia, talented)director mira nair took part in this disgusting travesty, so perhaps the directorial talent in america has descended en masse into the cesspool.

having heard so many people raving about this film i thought i'd give it a go. apart from being incredibly slow, which i don't mind as long as the wait is worth it, but it just isn't. as many others have said there are so many inconsistencies and so much of this film just doesn't ring true. the reaction of the 4 men switches from shock, horror on finding the body to complete indifference whilst they fish. surely if they were the type of men that would go on happily fishing, then they would have just reported the body and said they had only discovered it after their fishing trip....why on earth tie the body to a tree, go fishing and then tell everyone you found the body 2 days previously? its so hard to watch a film knowing that the behaviour of the main characters is so inconsistent. as for the rest of the townsfolk, well you'd think at least one of them might show some curiosity about who actually killed the woman! the body itself, naked except for the knickers....what scenario leads to that? if she was raped then why still the knickers? if she was raped with the clothes on, then why remove them afterwards bar the knickers? if she wasn't raped, then why take all her clothes off bar the knickers....leaving yourself with evidence to dispose of? i truly cant think of any realistic scenario that would lead to that other than killing someone to steal their clothes so you can fill up your jumble sale stall! oh well its watchable but only just and only because, despite the poor script, the acting is strong.

i had a really hard time making it through this move. it was extermly slow and at times wondered when the plot of the movie would actually come to life.this movie seemed to flow to slow and i kept on wondering when it was going to end. i am normally a person who likes a good indie file every once in a while but this did not satisfy what i was looking for.it seemed they tried to make to much out of this movie. at one point it seemed to turn political which i am not a big fan of in movies. if you are looking for a slow moving movie with little to no plot then this is the right movie for you. as for me i felt i wasted 2 hours when i could of been doing something else.

with no fault to the actors (they all put on great performances), the overall story was not very well executed. the movie opens with a great zinger: a crazy old guy forces a young aborigine girl's car off the road. but then, we're forced to endure 40 minutes of character development with an entirely new group of characters ... and we don't know why until the 40 minutes are up. it turns out that they are the ones who eventually discover the girl's body ... and the story progresses from there.while the story does pick up at that point, it really goes nowhere. after 2 hours, i asked myself: was there a point to this, or was it just to see the characters struggle with accusations of racism and stupidity of how they handled the discovery? the story was ultimately unsatisfying and felt unfinished. while it is well acted, there's not a strong enough backbone in the film to warrant recommending it.

there was some truth to this movie. i remember a story reported 15 to 20 years ago of 4 fisherman finding a body in the water and they chose not to report it until their trip was finished. i also recall they were charged with interfering with a corpse (or some such charge). i'm not sure if it was in australia. the viewers outside of australia must think we live in a country full of rapists and serial murders. wolf creek and this film would encourage this perception. the film itself reminded me of a simple plan. but as far a being one of the best australian films ever, as someone claimed, i can't be that generous. put it this way, i wouldn't bother watching it again.

before i watched this film i read a review here stating that this film could possibly be one of the best films ever!? ha ha scene by scene the tension grows alright... from the annoying characters in this movie. from the little girl talking gibberish and trying to drown the little boy, to the killer just running about without any notice (and who was the guy at the beach talking to the little boy!?)..things just seem to happen and then go unanswered in this film. as i watched it seemed like the film was going in one direction, then just doesn't go anywhere, but into a new direction...and on and on...the acting is great, but the writing is horrible. each character, in each scene, says or does something so unbelievable, unrealistic and the reactions of the fellow cast/extras are simply strange. there are no resolutions to the problems developed throughout the film, making it confusing and ultimately a big waste of time.

this isn't art, it's inner-urban, politically-correct propaganda! jindabyne's political intolerance is beyond unforgivable... it doesn't see people as individuals, but rather, as members of categories.this is the most patronisingly offensive australian movie i can recall ever (and it's up against some pretty stiff competition!). a message movie, every tired theme beloved of the trendy left is there: aborigines are victims; white men are violent or alcoholics; white women aren't that bad -particularly if they are lesbians - but they're most likely of a depressive nature.four men who go away fishing, find the body of a murdered woman (aboriginal, naturally) and leave her in the river for several days while they catch trout. it's a strange decision taken with almost no discussion, as if the men are animals. the one man who briefly demurs is the goodie... we know this because he's living with a bisexual woman - he likes to hold his baby a lot - and eventually moves to a more fashionable costal location (away from all these beastly bush-dwellers).this is a film made by those trendy urbanites who live in fear of the australian landscape and those evil rednecks who reside within. it's ignorance of country life is almost as shocking as its contempt. the film is shot through with long-distance views of the bush backed by foreboding, mysterious music. it's made very clear by the end that aboriginal people are the only ones at home in this landscape. it concludes with an excruciatingly implausible scene of black-white reconciliation.in jindabyne, country life is reduced to little more than a backdrop for a story that by implication proclaims the superiority of the values of enlightened leftist urban dwellers over those of other australians.this film was not made by people with real jobs but funded by the government's film finance corporation. it's a product of the artsy set, that soulless void populated by the beautiful people for whom lavish government funding sustains these patronisingly offensive projects (which are as detached from real life as possible), as opposed to actually making popular films people want to see. it doesn't matter if the film is a stinker, they still get paid.spare yourself from wasting time, avoid it like the plague. more jaded social commentary than actual entertainment, this film deserves to pan!

this film is terrible. i was really looking forward to it, as i thought "lantana" was great.the following review may contain *spoilers******first, the good things: it looks great, some of the performances are ok. the bad things are everything else about it. the story, as you possibly know, is about some blokes who go fishing and discover a body, with the twist that they find it on friday but continue fishing and finally report it on sunday when they get back into mobile (cell phone) range. however the film takes it's time (boy does it take its time) getting to this central event.of the ensemble of characters (about a dozen), not one seems to like another one (which is, i suppose, consistent, because they are all unlikable). i was extremely frustrated by the failure to adequately explain how the characters are related, and it was not until near the end of the movie that i could vaguely construct the family tree. it's hard to think of a film us unrelentingly grim, which is a failure in the structure of the story, as the character's lives seem just as bad before the fishing trip as after. once you've set the bar so high, it's hard to up-it short of everyone committing suicide.there are silly lapses in logic. the killer dumps the body in the lake, and then it somehow drifts miles upstream into the mountains. the fishermen walk out sunday morning, but for some reason byrne gets home late at night after his wife has gone to bed. then first thing the next morning the cops bang on the door to get him to come down to the station. um, they haven't heard of the telephone? down at the station, the media know the whole story, less than 24 hours after they reported the body?totally missing from the story is the debate the blokes surely had after they find the body. this is a mystery - everyone asks them "how could you do that?" and the audience is asking the same question. (the debate about what to do with the body is the key scene in "deliverance"). i know exactly what i'd do in their situation. someone needs to walk out to the car, drive to mobile range, call the cops, wait, and them guide them back to the location. if the others wait at camp and fish, who cares?a lot of all this just seems false. the only thing that rung true was that, as the girl was black, the local aboriginals seized on the fishermen's actions as racist - "wouldn't have done it if it was a white girl." throughout there is a curious indifference to who might have killed the girl (i think the subject is mentioned once), and there is no mystery, as the audience sees the killer in the opening scene.so i'm sitting there simultaneously bored and confused, when there's a twist - not in the plot, but the theme. suddenly it becomes about the quiet dignity of the bereaved aboriginals leading to a ludicrous ending with some incoherent stuff about black-white reconciliation. huh?this is australian film "at its finest", according to the age.

new york, i love you, or rather should-be-titled manhattan, i love looking at your people in sometimes love, is a precise example of the difference between telling a story and telling a situation. case in point, look at two of the segments in the film, one where ethan hawke lights a cigarette for a woman on a street and proceeds to chat her up with obnoxious sexy-talk, and another with orlando bloom trying to score a movie with an incredulous demand from his director to read two dostoyevsky books. while the latter isn't a great story by any stretch, it's at least something that has a beginning, middle and end, as the composer tries to score, gets dostoyevky dumped in his lap, and in the end gets some help (and maybe something more) from a girl he's been talking to as a liaison between him and the director. the ethan hawke scene, however, is like nothing, and feels like it, like a fluke added in or directed by a filmmaker phoning it in (or, for that matter, hawke with a combo of before sunrise and reality bites).what's irksome about the film overall is seeing the few stories that do work really well go up against the one or two possible 'stories' and then the rest of the situations that unfold that are made to connect or overlap with one another (i.e. bits involving bradley cooper, drea dematteo, hayden christensen, andy garcia, james caan, natalie portman, etc). it's not even so much that the film- set practically always in *manhattan* and not the new york of queens or staten island or the bronx (not even, say, harlem or washington heights)- lacks a good deal of diversity, since there is some. it's the lack of imagination that one found in spades, for better or worse, in paris j'taime. it's mostly got little to do with new york, except for passing references, and at its worst (the julie christie/shia labeouf segment) it's incomprehensible on a level that is appalling.so, basically, wait for tv, and do your best to dip in and out of the film - in, that is, for three scenes: the aforementioned bloom/christina ricci segment which is charming; the brett ratner directed segment (yes, x-men 3 brett ratner) with a very funny story of a teen taking a girl in a wheelchair to the prom only to come upon a great big twist; and eli wallach and cloris leachman as an adorable quite old couple walking along in brooklyn on their 67th wedding anniversary. everything else can be missed, even natalie portman's directorial debut, and the return of a hughes brother (only one, allan) to the screen. a mixed bag is putting it lightly: it's like having to search through a bag of mixed nuts full of crappy peanuts to find the few almonds left.

an anthology is always risky business and i think this endeavor should be praised. there's a lot of talent involved here. a great many talented actors, directors and writers. unfortunately, i couldn't really enjoy this movie based on three issues i had.first of all, the segments vary incredibly in tone and quality. and unfortunately some of them clash with the others. secondly, several segments feel underdeveloped to me. like seeds of good stories that never come to fruition. i'm not talking about happy endings here (or even an ending period) but rather, they lack even basic development or even solid setups that draw you in. last but not least, i did not feel new-york and its inhabitants were properly portrayed.what you're left with is high-brow short films that may still be of interest to some but will leave the average viewer unsatisfied.

a few years back the same persons who created paris,j'taime., which was imperfect but very enjoyable ( my rating was a 7), created this piece of garbage about new york city.in paris, i love you (j'taime)created a feeling for paris & it was made in many parts of beautiful paris.in this current film, i did not recognize new york city, i did not feel that i was in the city of my birth.new york does have 5 boroughs,i saw no scenes in the bronx, or queens ,there is one scene in brooklyn,(brighton beach), i saw no scenes in times square or greenwich village/ no scenes of the beautiful hotels or theatres. it does have a large cast,most of the performers were not even stereotypes, they were caricatures of the lowest sort.the very few humorous moments are all of a course sexual nature or quite insulting to the many fine new yorkers that we all know & love.. a few of the films nominated for the 'razzie' awards were far better.ratings: * (out of 4) 20 points (out of 100) imdb 1 (out of 10)in my way of thinking i think the title should have beennew york, i hate you.

absolutely one of the worst movies i have ever seen! the acting, the dialog, the manuscript, the sound, the lighting, the plot line. i actually can't say anything positive about this, although i enjoy swedish movies. the fighting scenes are so ridiculous that it's impossible to take it seriously. and when the lead character just happens to loose his shirt, while dodging bullets in a strip bar, i'm not sure if it's supposed to be a joke, or if someone really thinks these are ingredients in a good film?! regina lund is the only half descent actor, but she disappears in a flood of laughable pronunciations and unbelievable reactions. it leaves you horrified that someone actually spent time and money on something like this...

with the releasing of "farligt förflutet" swedish film industry has truly hit rock bottom. stefan (jens hultén) has for the past years lived a calm life with his wife marie (regina lund). one day an old friend of stefan´s arrives with a favor to ask him. stefan is to do a small courier job. he is supposed to bring a suitcase filled with heroine through the sweden-germany customs. unfortunately things in germany don´t work out as planned and stefan is now in big trouble. it is always nice to see a swedish film that breaks the traditional family-drama pattern. unfortunately if the people involved in the production have no clue of how a movie is supposed to be written, filmed or cut the result can only be catastrophic. the content can be concluded with: bad acting, an incoherent plot and idiotic dialogs. the only highlight in the movie is the unprovoked sex-scene wit the incredibly beautiful regina lund. this lasts for only a few seconds leaving approxamitly 90 minutes of pure, let´s say what it truly is, crap.

following the success of "paris, je t'aime", a group of directors decided to get together and make a similar anthology style film based in new york. unlike the original film, the stories in this film seem to sometimes come and go too quickly--by the time you think are getting into a story, it's over in too many cases. and, the often start up and stop and then begin again--with the stories woven together. as a result, there is no title to indicate that a story is complete and it is less formal in structure.sadly, however, while "paris, je t'aime" was hit or miss (mostly hit), most of "new york, i love you" was miss. the stories tended to be much more sexual in nature but also far less sweet--and often quite terrible. it was an amazingly dull and uninteresting film with only a few exceptional stories--and perhaps the often depressing music made it seem more so. now understand, it was good quality music but its somber tone really, really made me feel like cutting my wrists! among the better ones was the story about the young man who took a girl in a wheelchair to prom, the couple talking about cheating outside a restaurant (though this was also in the first film) and the crotchety old couple. this is all so sad because i had loved the first film so much--and i really wanted to love this film. i respected what they tried but simply didn't like it very much.by the way, and this is not really a complaint, but i was amazed how many people were smoking in the film. for a recent film, that was unusual in our more anti-smoking culture.also, if you get the dvd, there are two segments included as extras that were not included in the film. one consists of kevin bacon (wearing a cool fedora) eating a hotdog....and absolutely nothing more for almost ten minutes. the other features a teen who spends the film videotaping the world--including a very unhappy couple.

stefan is an x-con that five years ago got married to marie. their marriage has been stable until stefan past catch up with them and he's offered to do a courier job. stefan's job is a heroin delivery from germany to sweden which should go easily.in germany stefan meet elli, a girl from bosnia that has been sold to a stripclub owner. stefan dislikes what he sees and decide to help elli out of her misery. due to the fact that elli's father during the war fleed to sweden elli now goes with stefan to sweden. to make up with the past stefan promises elli to help her find her father, no matter what it takes. finally back in sweden the whole situation seems to be more complicated than stefan ever thought of..this movie doesn't seem to fit in the ordinary class of swedish movies due to the fact that it's been americanized alot. regina lund and cecilia bergqvist makes it all average, the effects makes the movie a little too much though. see it and jugde for yourself.

i view probably 200 movies a year both at theaters and at home and i can say with confidence that this movie is by far the worst i have seen this year (if not ever, however i have not actually seen "quest of the delta knights" yet). this movie is just bad joke after bad joke geared to the 13 year old and because i had he displeasure of viewing it on a bus trip i couldn't walk out.do yourself a favor and skip this one in the rental aisle. the four dollars could be better spent on any movie by numbers produced by jerry bruckheimer.

major payne was really not very good at all. despite being funny here and there, the story was ridiculous and the acting was poor. major payne's voice and temperament were especially annoying. the idea was ridiculous and the things that the boys had to do in that film were even more ridiculous. i would not recommend this film to anyone.

did anyone stop to realise what sort of movie they were producing here ? now let`s a former marine officer becomes assinged to a group of kids at a cadet school so this should be a family comedy right ? wrong . this is just a gross comedy aimed at teenagers with many bad taste moments .it might have been watchable in an extremely dumb way at this point but i found damon wayans voice to be irritating beyond belief . does he speak like that in real life ? if he does then he has my sympathy but he won`t be getting any of my money from watching his movies

but there are not too many of them. probably the worst "major release" film i have seen in my life. definitely the worst for this year. there is no point in commenting on the plot, the cast or the acting. the problem is beyond all that. it lays in the absolute stupidity of the annoying kind (not the funny kind) of everything that takes place on the screen. i don't know why i gave it a 2/10 instead of 1/10. probably, because of steven martini. he really did try. bottom line - 95 minutes washed down the toilet along with a few brain cells. avoid at any cost.

if this is someone's "favorite" movie, they need some serious help. there is nothing funny or clever about this crapfest. i haven't seen the original movie this is the remake of (some 1950s film), but it simply has to be better than this newer bastardization.a major gets kicked out of the military for being a fringe element, and winds up teaching children at an rotc school. unfortunately, the major is daman wayans... so the children are in for a world of annoying, humorless asininity. can wayans whip these losers into shape? can they get him to become a little more human? the film bombs as most wayans films do, with only a few sparkling moments. william hickey gets about one minute of screen time, fair too little. this charming old man (known best to me as a "tales from the crypt" actor, known best to you as uncle louis from "christmas vacation") shines every moment he's on screen, which isn't much here.bam bam bigelow also makes an appearance as a biker, which fits him perfectly. i wouldn't mind slightly more bam bam, but i think he carried the role of "biker" about as far as it could be carried for a military film.and then there's the attractive teacher, who someone falls for major payne even though he treats the kids poorly, has no social skills and is simply impossible to convert into someone you would want to spend time with. she must either be incredibly stupid or incredibly desperate. i'm not sure which (though it would seem "stupid" since the movie makes it clear she gets out of the house often enough).wayans had one shining moment: a dance sequence where he performs a series of moves (including a very nice "robot"), and with the help of music from 2 live crew. this scene was enjoyable but hardly made up for anything else that made this film dog spittle.seriously, avoid this film. if you want to see a film a bout a loser who helps loser kids become heroes, rent or buy "ernest goes to camp". at least he's a lovable loser, and actually funny. maybe if major payne had fought a badger i'd feel better, but he didn't. forget payne, forget wayans... you can do so much better.

sort of family parody blending "an officer and a gentleman", "heartbreak ridge", "full metal jacket" (and without doubt other movies i am not able to remember now) into a rather dull movie, with some bright spots. the gags are always there where you would expect them, and damon wayans's lines are, well, predictable. as i said, unfortunately this movie never surprises you...

'major payne' is a film about a major who makes life a living hell for his small group of boys in the marines. this film does not really have a lot to offer, but it provides several hilarious moments that are well-worth a watch. don't expect it to be a memorable film, however. just expect to laugh your way through the film and at the expense of other people. the confrontation between major payne and the chubby boy were hilarious, and that's really all i remember about the film except for the boys wanting revenge on major payne. again, it is not a great film, and it is probably best watched on a rainy day when you need some laughter.

judy holliday struck gold in 1950 withe george cukor's film version of "born yesterday," and from that point forward, her career consisted of trying to find material good enough to allow her to strike gold again.it never happened. in "it should happen to you" (i can't think of a blander title, by the way), holliday does yet one more variation on the dumb blonde who's maybe not so dumb after all, but everything about this movie feels warmed over and half hearted. even jack lemmon, in what i believe was his first film role, can't muster up enough energy to enliven this recycled comedy. the audience knows how the movie will end virtually from the beginning, so mostly it just sits around waiting for the film to catch up.maybe if you're enamored of holliday you'll enjoy this; otherwise i wouldn't bother.grade: c

i think cliff robertson certainly was one of our finest actors. he has a half dozen classics to his credit. he does fine here as the heavy, but the direction is so bad and the pacing so tiresome, it never gets off the mark. the story starts off well although it makes me wonder how he could count on his wife hanging herself. still he mugs well and carries things along. the death knell is twofold. first of all, if we were to take the amount of time characters spend walking from one room to another or one part of the house to another, it would eat up about a third of the movie. add to that, robertson's character sitting up in bed in the blue light, looking confused, that might add another chunk. i agree with those that said a half hour shorter would have made it a pretty decent, though insignificant film. the biggest weakness is just a convoluted plot that, when all is said and done, leaves incredible questions. i'm not putting in spoilers, but when it ends, don't think too much. i can come up with ten what-ifs without raising a sweat. it would have been better if it had remained a ghost story.

this was a movie i could not wait to see! so i finally got it and i was pretty disappointed. for starters,the movie has so little said about new york,just a bunch of confusing shots of buildings,streets,bridges and cafes.it really doesn't stay focused on the new york magic.another thing that changed my mind was the french movie set inside this movie.i know that it is a remake,but it is not a french style remake! anyway,here you will notice elements that remind you of french movies,such as long and messy scenes,no or little talking and of course everyone is smoking french style ! the story follows many lives ( too many for my taste) and they somehow seem connected in the end. i feel like there was no dedication to the characters as much as there was on the stories. the movie was too short to cover every single destiny everyone's happy ending.so we can see about 30 people for about 5 minutes each.and there you have your 120 minutes ! if you like active scenes dialogues and stuff this is not the movie for you ! i give it 4 just because i love new york and i loved the cast !

this movie was o.k. but it could have been much better. there are some spooky moments but there aren't enough of them to make me ever want to see this movie again. there are some scenes you could fast forward through & not miss anything. the biggest flaw is that it is so predictable, & that is the reason why i rated it so low. it's watchable but don't expect anything great.

the character acting is a little stiff, as if it is the first time man of the actors have appeared on screen. unfortunately one of the better actresses, jean simmons (played many bit roles on tv, like in star trek tng and in the heat of the night), dies quickly and thereafter her acting can be markedly missed.the lead role is mr ballard, as portrayed by cliff robertson. cliff is forced to carry this movie with his body language for most of the time. he doesn't do a poor job, but it is a little overmuch to ask of an actor to plug the oceans of blank screen time during which the characters spend their time not talking and also not acting. robertson's most memorable role may have been ben parker in the last 3 spider man movies (starring tobey maguire).the plot is predictable. a husband murders his rich wife for her money. thereafter the wife seems to comeback and haunt the husband driving him insane until he leaps from a high window (fearing the specter of his dead wife approaching him) on the day he is predicted to die no less.the second chauffeur mr ballard hires looks a lot like an english mark hamill. uncanny really! the only thing that stands out is the utter disregard for dialogue. many minutes pass in quietness, no one speaks, and few act. it is a shame the mst3k guys never got hold of this movie. it could have been much better, if not just as predictable, with more dialogue, or shorter scenes of 'nothingness'.i kept expecting g'mork's red eyes to appear from the shadows and proclaim that he works for the "nothing" that inhabits this film.

to call a film about a crippled ghost taking revenge from beyond the grave lame and lifeless would be too ironical but this here is an undeniably undistinguished combination of gaslight (1939 & 1944) via les diaboliques (1954); while still watchable in itself, it's so cliché-ridden as to provoke chuckles instead of the intended chills. however, thanks to the dire straits in which the british film industry found itself in the late 1970s, even a mediocre script such as this one was able to attract 10 star names - cliff robertson (as the conniving husband), jean simmons (in the title role), jenny agutter (as robertson's artist half-sister), simon ward (as the enigmatic chauffeur), ron moody (as an ill-fated doctor), michael jayston (as robertson's business partner), judy geeson (as simmons' best friend and jayston's wife), flora robson (as the housekeeper), david tomlinson (as the notary reading simmons' will) and, most surprisingly perhaps, jack warner (as a gravestone sculptor) - although most of them actually have nothing parts, i'm sorry to say!

cliff robertson as a scheming husband married to a rich wife delivers a razzie-worthy performance here if there ever was one; it's as if director michael anderson kept yelling "dial it down; think zombie, only less lively" through his little bullhorn as he coached robertson's effort. the rest of the cast is barely better; jennifer agutter of logan's run fame is hardly seen in what should have been fleshed out as a pivotal role. if the quality of the acting was three times better; if some of the more gaping plot holes were filled; and if the pacing were given a shot of adrenaline, then this yawner might be brought up to a standard acceptable to the hallmark\lifetime tv channel crowd. as is, its rating is so inexplicably high one can't help thinking chronic insomniacs are using dominique to catch a little snoozing time. perhaps the late-night tv telemarketers are missing a major opportunity in not shilling it as such.

i've never been to paris, but after seeing "paris, je t'aime" i'm crazy to visit this city! i've been to ny several times and i love the city and its boroughs. i kinda expected to be touched by this film, to feel like jumping into a plane and fly there right away, but, lo and behold, i regret the time and money i spent with it. there are no love stories between people or a person and the city. there's a lot of dysfunctional meetings and relations or people who know each other and it just doesn't work out fine. maybe this reflects a characteristic of the city, where it's said to have thousands of people living on their own. can't you find love in new york?

i saw this regurgitated pile of vignettes tonight at a preview screening and i was straight up blown away by how bad it was. first off, the film practically flaunted its gaping blind spots. there are no black or gay new yorkers in love? or who, say, know the self-involved white people in love? i know it's not the love crash of anvil-tastic inclusiveness but you can't pretend to have a cinematic new york with out these fairly prevalent members of society. plus, you know the people who produced this ish thought crash deserved that ham-handed oscar, so where is everyone? possibly worse than the bizarre and willful socioeconomic ignorance were the down right offensive chapters (remember when you were in high school and people were openly disgusted with pretty young women in wheelchairs? me either). this movie ran the gamut of ways to be the worst. bad acting, bad writing, bad directing -- all spanning every possible genre ever to concern wealthy white people who smoke cigarettes outside fancy restaurants. but thank god they finally got powerhouses hayden christensen and rachel bilson back together for that jumper reunion. and, side note, uma dodged a bullet; ethan hawke looks ravaged. this, of course, is one thing in terms of his looks, but added an incredibly creepy extra vibe of horribleness to his terrifyingly scripted scene opposite poor, lovely maggie q.i had a terrible time choosing my least favorite scene for the end of film questionnaire, but it has to be the anton yelchin/ olivia thirlby bit for the sheer lack of taste, which saddens me because i really like those two actors. i don't consider myself easily offended, but all i could do was scoff and look around with disgust like someone's 50 year old aunt. a close second place in this incredibly tight contest of terrible things is shia labeouf's tone deaf portrayal of what it means for a former disney channel star to act against julie christie. i don't mean opposite, i mean against. against is the only explanation. i realize now that the early sequence with orlando bloom is a relative highlight. highlight. please keep that in mind when your brain begins to leak out your ear soon after the opening credits, which seem to be a nod to the first new york real world. this film is embarrassing, strangely dated, inarticulate, ineffective, pretentious and, in the end, completely divorced from any real idea of new york at all. (the extra star is for the cloris leachman/ eli wallach sequence, as it is actually quite sweet, but it is only one bright spot in what feels like hours of pointless, masturbatory torment.)

having loved 'paris, je t'aime', i highly anticipated this film and i admit i went in with high expectations, but was sorely disappointed for a number of reasons.although, i was not expecting a re-make of 'paris' in new york i was expecting the same structure. what i liked about 'paris' was the breakup of the neighborhoods. you got a sense of each directors style and the story they wanted to tell. in 'ny', there is no clear separation of the stories, at different points in the film, characters from different stories run into each other which made me confused as to who i was watching and what exactly was going on. also, the switch in directing was evident but confusing since there was no flow.another thing i loved about the 'paris' film was the different takes on love. it wasn't all romantic. there was love between parents and their children, unrequited love, a lonely, middle-aged woman yearning for love etc., it explored so many layers of the complexity of love between humans. 'ny' seemed to only go for an edgy, over-the-top sexuality. there were some redeemable shorts (the older couple having spent a lifetime together, julie christie's short), but overall the'ny' film didn't evoke any emotion for me. i didn't connect with any of the characters like i did with 'paris'. i remember watching 'paris' and feeling a deep sadness, loneliness, yearning, hopefulness, wonder... it just had so much soul. for me, there was no soul in the 'ny' film.maybe if i had gone into it without having 'paris' looming in the back of my brain as a comparison this film might have elicited a more favorable response, but as a self-titled re-take of 'paris, je t'aime' i was sorely disappointed.

(i'll indicate in this review the point where spoilers begin.) my dissatisfaction is split: 30% tone-deafness, 70% lackluster writing.the 30%: i agree with the first commenter's synopsis about the lack of diversity in the characters and scope of the stories. i was surprised how, this film, at best, woefully shortchanges the real nyc by presenting a collection of people and relationships so narrow as to come across as if it's inhabited only by the cast of gossip girl (this is coming from someone who likes gossip girl). a few minority characters are written into the stories, but they are included by obligation, while we can see the gears under the film so clearly, striving to "be diverse" but falling ever-so-short.the 70% is why everything falls short. all characters, white plus a few token minorities, are one-dimensional, cardboard cutouts of people concepts. worse, their interactions with each other are scripted in such a way that for each vignette in the film the audience is treated to what i'd say is a "gag": we get a basic conceit, then some punchline intended to be a clever twist. but even if we suspended cynicism for a moment to say, "okay, that was a surprise"...the stories are still not that interesting, because they, too, are shallow. when you fashion stories so that their existence hinges solely on the unexpectedness of the ending, you're writing jokes.spoilers below...the movie primarily tries to tell romantic stories. that's fine. but romance is amazing, deep, sometimes complex. these "romantic" stories each feature a girl and a boy who at some point share the same location and get to look at each other. words exchange, thoughts are projected through voice-over, but they too only manage to communicate to the audience merely that one person is attracted to another.meaning, there is no seduction (in the broad sense), no tension, and neither confrontation nor communion between the wills of two different people trying to reconcile their existence to accommodate the other. the only story involving a superficial "seduction" is told just so the audience ends up being surprised that the guy (ethan hawke) gets outwitted by the girl he's hitting on, who unexpectedly turns out to be a hooker. sure, his words when trying to pick her up are interesting to hear and we are amused as we'd be if we were next to them, but there is nothing of substance to this story outside of "a then b". so it unfolds, if something like a postcard could "unfold", with all the other tales as well: a then b--that's it, the only point being that these happen to occur "on set" in manhattan. by the way, the only brooklyn we see is the coney island sketch; the only queens is the flickering of a train ride taken by a character traveling to the west village.it's easy to pick at movies that play into all the common stereotypes of race, gender, sexual orientation, and so on. _new york, i love you_, however, deserves to be held to stricter scrutiny because of its title. we expect to see the real new york, and real new yorkers, but instead we have paraded before us the selected slice of a demographic, its characters flown in from the o.c., plus a few others to make it seem as if we are paying attention to diversity. but when we look closer at who those characters are, the whole sham becomes an affront to the very notion of diversity and the ethnicities and cultures the movie shamefully fails to represent.for example, the story with the latino man with the little white girl in the park, who gets mistaken by two ladies as her manny (male nanny) when in fact he's the father. notwithstanding the last scene of this part was unnecessary from a dramatic-construction point of view (it would have been far more interesting to end it when the mother and boyfriend/stepfather are strutting the girl away), it is frankly a bit disgusting that the scene where we learn for sure that the girl's father is latino also must inform us that he is a sexually desirable dancer. what, the dad can't be just some guy from south america? now that he's obviously hot, is the audience better prepared to accept that he had a kid with a middle-to-upper-class white woman? are we that naive as to require such? as if a mexican construction worker would obviously be too unpalatable.it's not my place to dictate where the movie should have gone. but in every conceivable set-up and plot twist, the direction taken screams status quo, appeals to safety. all these stories could have been made more interesting, even if we were forced to keep the single-dimensionality of the characters inhabiting them, at the very least by not choosing from standard and obvious stereotypes. asian girl living in chinatown being leered at by a scraggly old white guy? how 'bout an asian cougar pursuing a white college kid instead. again, i'm not saying the entire conceit has to be changed. it's just that every. damn. story premise. is so hackneyed--and thus they fail to convey anything about why one might love new york, outside the trite. the real way to have improved the film would be to have written a script worth reading.i will concede the pleasantness of the soundtrack, the good pacing of the movie (even if what was being paced was, well, dredge), and the general feel of many of the scenes. the movie was just fine to sit through, and i wouldn't dissuade anyone from doing so. however, it is telling that the most significant homage paid to non-superficiality is when the old opera singer says (paraphrased) "that's what i love about new york: everyone's from a different place." well, you wouldn't know it from watching this one.

when i bought this dvd i though: "it seems to be a nice light comedy about love and relationships made up in portuguese standards… let's give it a chance…" i was totally wrong! what a disappointing movie! first, it's not a comedy; it's a cheap drama which can be so melodramatic that it's even worse than many portuguese soap operas! second, the plot is so boring, and leads nowhere… it has no structure, it just flows, like the wind, in one or another direction… the production is also bad! the sound mixing is horrible, because sometimes the voices are disconnected. it made me remind some old portuguese movies from the 80's… the acting should have been better too… well, to sum up, it's not with films like this one that portuguese cinema will improve! in fact, it was one of the worst portuguese movies i have seen in the last years! bad argument, bad acting, bad production… i had no high hopes for this movie, but it was much worse than i've ever imagined! just forget about it!

just saw it yesterday in the sao paulo intl film festival. just before going i came here to see how it was rated, and at that time it was 7.4, a pretty nice rate...after 15 minutes i was dying to get out (never did this), but felt embarrassed to do so as the producer of the movie was in the screening.i did not like at all, the dialogs are shallow and lead nowhere, the characters are shallower than the dialogs, nothing lead anywhere, and the worst and worst: plenty of siemens and organics advertising on the movie. despite the fact that i already paid to go to the movie and entertain myself, i still have to be bombarded by the main character chatting on the internet and siemens mobile popping-up all the time on her lap-top; or another character having a bath or cutting her hair just to have organics shampoo displayed enormously on the screen! all of this would be bearable if the plot, characters, romances, anything was good, but was bad, really bad! a "don't know how to do" sex-in-the-city.don't waste your time or money.

i bought a set of 4 dvds for 10 bucks at my local suncoast, which contained this movie and three other trashy horror flicks (including its sequel "witchcraft xi"). so basically i paid the rock bottom price of $2.50 for this movie, if you do the math. i can't exactly say i was ripped off. i have a thing for trashy horror movies, but this is the kind of trash that gives trash a bad name. the budget couldn't be over $1,000 (though it appears as if they spent a total of $1.50). i know it's a low-budget film, but that's no excuse for totally uninspired camerawork. the film "blood cult," though not very good, was made for an extremely low budget and still had fairly good camerawork and acting. the acting in this movie is the definition of "effortless," especially from that muscular guy with the texas accent. everyone is pretty much reading their lines off the page. you can take that figuratively or literally. i wouldn't be surprised if the script was off-camera as they were performing. i said before that i've never seen a bad english actor. this movie has quite a few bad ones. and though english movies aren't always good, they always seem to have at least a level of sophistication, which is why i don't see why any englishman, or englishwoman, would volunteer to do a home-video-style schlock flick like this. did merchant ivory put a hold on their casting calls? usually, i think people are too hard on directors and actors. even some of the worst movies in hollywood have some level of professionalism in the directing, acting and cinematography departments. even when you watch a movie like "glitter" you can't honestly say it looks like a third-grader shot those scenes (though a third-grader could've written the script). i've seen home movies that are shot better than "witchcraft x," and that's no exaggeration whatsoever. even the gore is minimal since the filmmakers only had money to buy some fake blood on sale at party city. not a single effort was put into making this movie--let's just sum it up like that. you get the picture. there's a good deal of nudity, though that doesn't save it. however, i must say that girl with the red-orange hair, who's either naked or wearing a cleavage-popping outfit throughout the film, is really hot! my score: 1 (out of 10)

john wayne & albert dekker compete for oil rights on indian territory, and for the attention of martha scott in this republic pictures film shot out of utah, usa.an interesting western of sorts due to its characters and its more modern setting, with wayne & dekker playing the old and new factions of the west. it's based on a story by thomson burtis who co-writes the script along with eleanore griffin and ethel hill. albert rogell directs in the workmanlike way that befits his career. a pretty mundane story is in truth saved by its final third, where thankfully the action picks up and we are treated to something resembling a pulse. the light hearted approach to the romantic strand doesn't sit quite right, and a glorious fist fight between the two protagonists is ruined by rogell being unable to disguise the stunt men doing the work. but hey, stunt men deserve their moment of glory always. solid support comes from george 'gabby' hayes and wayne as usual has much screen charisma, particularly when rattling off his pistol. but in spite of its better than usual republic budget, it remains a film of interest only to 1940s wayne enthusiasts. 4/10

i saw this movie last year in media class and i have to say i really hated it. i was in year 10 (and aged 15) so that may have has something to do with it. but for english this year, year 11, we had to read animal farm, also by george orwell. aside from the fact that the book is based on the revolution, my opinion is that it is a terrible book, and i also hated it.but 1984, i think it was the most disturbing movie i have ever seen, and i think that george orwell is one of the most deranged people ever to live on this planet. i'm sorry to everyone who loved his work, but i unfortunately did not. the themes in the movie were well portrayed, but the way the whole movie was set and the events that took place within it were not to my standards. this is only my opinion, and i'm sure many many other people thoroughly enjoyed this film.

i must admit, there are few books with corresponding movies that i have actually read before seeing the cinematic adaptation. nineteen eighty-four happens to be one of those rare cases. the book was great. it was immersive and interestingly prophetic. but the movie just plain sucked. it is easily the worst film i have ever seen. the only reason i didn't turn it off after the first 5 minutes was the fact that watching the movie was half of a two-part assignment for a class. it was dark and grotesque, but did nothing in the way of achieving the proper atmosphere. the acting was nothing above average, and considering the fact that there wasn't much to act out, this was severely disappointing. the book, for example, didn't give me the impression that winston was unable to blurt out more than a single syllable at a time. boring, disturbing, and visually unappealing, the movie totally cannibalized the book. wait a second...isn't it british?

i think that the shots and lighting were very poor. when i watched it for the first time i thought it was the old version(1956). when i really found out the true year of the film i was shocked. i didn't know that there could be such a bad film made so recently. thats really all i wanted to say. this film had a good plot though, nothing you couldn't miss out on if you would simply read the novel that george orwelll wrote. all i really want to say has already been said except for this: i can't believe that this film could have possibly received so many awards and nominations.i gave this film a one (awful), because i felt that it was very badly made. well that is all. so long

the book is fantastic, this film is not. there is no reason this film could not have embraced a futuristic technological vision of the book. hell, total recall was released a few years later and that did a good job of it, even a clockwork orange released in the 70s did a good job of trying to make a futuristic world. the bleak german expressionistic colours, the black and white footage from the vision screens, there is no reason for this approach for when the film was made in 1984. the main character is in a white collar writing job yet he dresses like he works with oil and grease in a garage. this film decides to take a mock-communistic approach to set design, atmosphere and theme, yet the novel did not necessarily dictate a communist, worship-the-humble-worker theme itself. this book seriously needs to be adapted in a modern context as this book is more relevant today than ever before. i could not watch more than 20 minutes of this crap. the soundtrack is annoying, the lack of foresight is annoying, this film seems to have been made to deny a sense of realism or believability when that is exactly what is required to hammer the novel's messages to the viewer.

'ninteen eighty-four' is a film about a futuristic society in which the government controls everything and no one can be trusted. it is a very dark film, and it is one that will not make you feel good about yourself. it is about a romance taking place in this society and the betrayal of the lovers and about human nature being self-centred. the film has some very good ideas and is done well in portraying this society with the dark tones in colours (contrasting with happiness and bright colours in the dreams) and a general feeling of loneliness through objects and people and places. however, despite the film's cleverness at portraying this idea, the film was very slow and did not seem to quite get the idea across. it seemed to spend too much time being clever rather than telling a story.

a few weeks ago, i read the classic george orwell novel, 1984. i was fascinated with it and thought it was one of the best books i've read recently. so when i rented the dvd, i was intrigued to see how this adaptation measured up. unfortunately, the movie didn't even come close to creating the ambiance or developing the characters that orwell so masterfully did in his book. the director seems to think that everyone watching the movie has read the book, because he makes no attempt to demonstrate why the characters act and feel the way they do. john hurt, the main actor, is droll the entire way through, and hardly does any acting until the end. we never really find out what he does for a living, or why his love affair is forbidden, or what the political climate is and why the main character desires rebellion. this book cannot be done justice in movie form without proper narration and explanation of the political system oppressing the characters, and the fact that those are missing is the greatest shortcoming of this film. besides that, john hurt was a terrible casting choice, looking about 15 years older than the 39 year old winston he was supposed to be portraying. on a more positive note, however, the rest of the cast was well chosen. it's just too bad they were put in such a horribly adapted film with the wrong lead actor. -brian o.

i have heard about this novel a long time ago, many of my friends have recommend me to read it. i searched it in every place and finally found it. this is a book that every man should read, because it is genius and because of it's vision. i enjoyed every page.i knew about the movie and could not wait to see it. when i finally did i was very disappointed, many things that are in the book are not in the movie (i do not think that this is a spoiler) that just makes the movie not logical... michael radford might be a good director, but a bad writer. especially as a book adopter. the movie is not dark at all, the writing is really bad, the only thing that is good, even great, is the acting. john hurt is an amazing actor and the only face i myself could see as winston smith.what angers me the most are the people in imdb that called this "the best adaptation ever" without even reading the book! or knowing anything about screen writing!you can only understand the brilliance of the story by reading the book, do not consider this as an alternative. as a fan of the book, i was very disappointed.the points i gave for this movie goes for the acting.

i am a massive fan of the book and orwell is certainly my favourite writer ever since studying animal farm at gcse. i bought the dvd out of sheer curiosity, burton is an actor i hold in high regard so when i heard that he played the role of o'brien i was swung.i watched the trailer on the dvd first and some fears started to set in, mostly regarding the frankly terrible "theme song", hearing the eurythmics mechanically shouting "1984!" over and over again to an electronic beat is as bad as it sounds.the acting on a whole is pretty good, burton and hurt play their roles well and the tension that exists in the ministry of truth towards the end can be felt, especially in the harrowing room 101 scene. however this is also where the movie is let down. the movie spends too much time focusing on the love affair between winston and julia, which frankly isn't what orwell was writing about. he was writing about a harrowing future, about how ingsoc build up a mans beliefs and then shatter them all in the name of him being made to love big brother. the movie skips over what is essentially the most important part of the book, winstons coming to terms with his position in life and the world, and his re-education via o'brien.the comment on imdb at the moment states that the movie sticks to the book is completely incorrect. julia is not present when winston visits o'brien, they do not commit themselves to goldstien's brotherhood and confess their crimes. there is no obvious mention of the initial instances where winston finds the article with the unpersons but it does get mentioned near the end, if you have not read the book it is completely confusing.a terrible screenplay, which some excellent acting cannot rescue. michael radford seems to have completely missed the point orwell was trying to make, and the electronica sound track is frankly terrible.

after hearing about george orwell's prophetic masterpiece for all of my life, i'm now 37, but never having read the book, i am totally confused as to what i've just seen.i am very familiar with the concepts covered in the novel, as i'm sure most are, but only through hearsay and quotes. without this limited knowledge this film would have been a complete mystery, and even with it i'm still no more educated about the story of 1984 than i was before i watched it.on the plus side...the cinematography is amazing, hurt & burton deliver fine performances and the overall feel of the movie is wonderfully grim and desolate. the prostitute scene was a fantastically dark piece of film making.now for the down sides, and there are plenty...there is a war going on, (at least as far as the propaganda is concerned), but why & with who? nothing is explained. there are a couple of names bandied about (eurasia etc), but they mean nothing without explanation.who is winston? what does he do? where does he come from? where does he work? why is he changing news reports? why isn't he on the front line? why doesn't he eat the food in the canteen? what is that drink he's drinking through the entire film? why is he so weak & ill? why isn't he brainwashed like the rest of them? what's the deal with his mother & sister? what happened to his father? a little back story would have been nice, no scrub that, essential for those like myself that haven't read the book. without it, this is just a confusing and hard to follow art-house movie that constantly keeps you guessing at what is actually going on.the soundtrack was dis-jointed and badly edited and the constant chatter from the big brother screens swamps the dialogue in places making it even harder to work out whats going on. i accept that this may have been an artistic choice but it's very annoying all the same.also, i know this has been mentioned before, but why all the nudity? it just seemed totally gratuitous and felt like it had been thrown in there to make up for the lack of any plot coverage.i personally can't abide the way hollywood feels it has to explain story lines word for word these days. we are not all brainwashed simpletons, but this is a few steps too far the other way. i can only imagine that it totally relies on the fact that you've read the book because if this film really is the 'literal translation' that i've seen many people say, i would find it very hard to understand why 1984 is hailed as the classic it is.there's no denying that it was light years ahead of it's time and has pretty much predicted every change in our society to date, (maybe this has been a sort of bible to the powers that be?), but many sci-fi novelists have done the same without leaving gaping holes in the storyline.i guess i have to do what i should have done from the start and buy a copy of the book if i'm to make any sense out of this.all in all, very disappointed in something i've waited for years to watch.

i saw this movie literally directly after finishing the book, and maybe that was a neutral idea or a very stupid one. i think it was the latter. first of all, it was inaccurate in many small, yet important details. one of the first things i noticed was, during winston's day to day life in his work, his conversations, eating in the cafeteria, etc. he feels free to look unhappy and make suggestive glances at people without immense fear. one of the most important parts of the book, was that even in small activities it was virtually impossible to safely show even a hint of his true emotions on his face at any moment. this is also shown in the scenes on the streets of the proletarions. in the book winston knew that this was a huge risk to wander around there and was skeptical and frightened at every trip. while in the movie, he does it so often and without fear, that you lose the important feeling of heavy surveillance and risk right off the bat.other minor inaccuracies included winston hiding his diary in the wall, yes a very small change, but it begs the question, what's the point? there was also the most annoying thing a director can do with a book, and that is morphing characters. the large inaccuracies were far more disturbing, however. first of all, one of the important pieces of the book is that big brother is a government based on an intelligent, yet crude philosophy. in the movie, they skip that and go straight to making you think that the government is run by hitler with technology. which is true, in a sense, when directed with its facism, but if that's all you get out of big brother, you really missed the point of the book. the terrifying thing about big brother is that, in a way, it has some points behind its philosophy. when o'brien is picking at winstons mind in the ministry of love, he is listening to everything winston says against big brother. the fact that he listens, and advances forward in his philosophy, is in effect what is most creepy and intriguing. in the end, (careful spoiler ahead) when winston says he loves big brother, the terrifying thing is that you are not sure whether it was souly the beating and torture that caused this, or the actual power behind the philosophy. i am in no way saying that the big brother's philosophy has points that appeal to me, but its intelligence and depth is what makes this book incredibly disturbing. also, how could anyone feel any connection between julia and winston in the film? it was awful, no connection whatsoever. and where was o'brien before he gave winston his address? one of the things that carried the book was winstons thoughts about o'brien before he made contact with him. in the movie, they just jump the gun. but that about sums up why this movie was a terrible adaption: because its impossible not to jump the gun and morph characters in less than two hours. how could anyone think this movie was watchable if it was under two hours? at the very least, the movie demands 3 hours to be able to capture some of the important moods and connections. anything less is just pointless.if you loved the book, and i mean truly adored it, you will not approve of this movie, and chances are, you already knew you wouldn't. because the book is unfilmable, and this movie just proves how impossible it is cram something decent into a small reel of film.two stars out of ten

i had high hopes for this movie, because i enjoyed the book so much. however, i don't think i would have understood the premise of the movie if i hadn't already read the book. the movie is a noble attempt to show the despair of people trying to break the bonds of overpowering government rule, but the book portrays the suffering much more thoroughly. the corrupt government officials have comfortable, almost luxurious lives, while the common people struggle to obtain the bare necessities for survival. perhaps most people feel this way toward their leaders and rulers regardless of whether or not they are actually oppressed or repressed. orwell's dystopia seems as if it could exist in many places in our modern world. it has been several years since i've read the book, but one hears references to big brother, the thought police, and newspeak frequently in the media and casual conversation. probably many people using these terms don't realize where the terms came from. i strongly recommend that you read the book.

as far as the movie goes, it's an ok science fiction movie. it has a lot of cool stuff in it, and some quality scenes. that said, it's not that good, and some of the stuff is pretty far fetched...as for calling this another cube-movie is utter and complete bullsh!t. this is the very definition of milking a great and inventive original movie... the whole feel to it can be somewhat translated into the core of the first, but the introduction of people/androids as part of the "team" behind the cube itself is somewhat a stretch...i gave this a 3*** because of the backstabbing of the original. this one should have been kept sterile in so many parts of the movie that there is no place or time to mention them all...watchable for those who have not seen cube & hypercube, but not recommendable for fans of the series...

pretty disappointing prequel to the first two films, it's got none of the suspense of the first nor the interest of the second. by concentrating on the guys who 'run' the cube, it basically takes away any of the sense of tension inside the cube, as we simply don't care about the characters inside. much of the film is simply boring, and it only becomes truly terrible with the introduction of the glass-eyed superior and the green-eyed crazy marine. after that, though, it just descends into over-the-top unintentional hilarity. the ending is fitting though, tying it back into the first one in an indirect way. the script is terrible, the acting mediocre at best, and the direction unimpressive. a much lesser follow-up.

incredible. does it get any dumber than this? not a chance. the stupidity in this movie would shame even ed wood, de palma, and woo. if the first part in the series had mediocre dialog and the second one had bad dialog, then this one has cretinous dialog. amazing. but this time the story has been lowered to the level of the dialog, too. in spite of the acting and the dialog, i liked the first two films, but "cube zero" will surely kill the franchise. the utterly moronic plot so obviously stems from the pen of a frustrated left-winger.i sometimes wonder if such leftists even themselves realize just how anti-democracy and pro-dictatorship they are. in this movie they obviously target the us – a democracy. why don't they target korea, iran, syria, china, zimbabwe etc. in anti-military movies? sure, most of these places are hardly likely to produce a cube like this any time soon, but that's beside the point. it's obvious: writers of garbage like this actually admire these kinds of regimes, whether they are aware of it or not. i would even go as far as to say that anyone who adamantly attacks us foreign policies all the time, has anti-democratic beliefs in his core.back to the movie: apart from being so far-fetched that it isn't even funny any more, the film has many obvious illogicalities. for example, for some reason the two men who supervise the cube have done it for a while and are oblivious to the pain and sadism that the project entails, yet the first one than the other suddenly turn against the system! anyone who has any idea at all about human nature will see right through this idiocy. or how about that cretinous character, the one-eyed evil bureaucrat who talks as if he's in a bad mel brooks comedy. in fact, as soon as this creature appears the movie loses all seriousness and hence any chance of being exciting: it really does become a comedy.

i wasn't really fond of the first "cube" movie. it was a good idea, but the annoying acting and characters always kept me from liking it too much. didn't really feel the need to see its sequel but when i heard they were making a third movie that would act as more of a prequel to the original. i was intrigued, thinking that maybe they would fix some of the original's problems and provide us with a memorable cast of characters. well i thought wrong."cube zero" starts well enough by introducing us with the two characters in charge of watching and maintaining the never-ending maze of traps that plagues the people in the cube. the filmmakers succeed in providing a sense of mystery with the establishment of the two men's daily routine. several questions are created from it, concerning the reason why people are send there and also the true nature of the ones who run the entire operation. all of which are left entirely to the viewer. the acting was a bit weak but all in all the movie's first half moved relatively well.with the story moving on, one of the two "watchers" begins to develop serious doubts about what he is doing. and later decides to go and help a group of the people trapped. here is where everything rapidly starts to dissolve into dull cheese.sent by the people who run the cube program we are introduced to the character "jax". along with his two underlings play a major reason as to why this movie is failure. to start of "jax" looks and talks more like a third rate villain taken directly from a james bond movie complete with the ever "popular" glass eye, that alone ruins any atmosphere created by the first half's relatively nice pace. whats more is that it begins to feel more like a comedy rather than a serious movie. with some incredibly corny lines, perhaps the screenwriter got bored and didn't care. the acting itself degrades to a further low when the former "watcher" meets the group in the cube. the entire interaction is painful to watch as is everything else following it.again failing to impress on anything but weak characters, dialog and acting "cube zero" is a waste of time for those searching for a good horror movie.

some people might consider this movie a piece of artwork - to be able to express your imagination on film in order to create a movie filled with antagonizing pain and death.. i personally think that this movie is a disgust, which should have never been released. this movie is repulsive, illogical and meaningless. not only is it a complete waste of time but it makes you sick for days to come. the appalling images shown in the film not only make you grasp for air but they set in your mind and it takes days to forget them. such a shame that people waste their imagination on such inhumane suffering.. "kill bill" would be another example but at least "kill bill" has its purpose, meaning, climax and resolution..

the only thing that frequently pops into my head while i'm writing this review is,i'll never get that hour and a half back!!! to indicate that i'm not just blowing air, i'll compare the movie to the other movies of the cube trilogy(cube and hypercube)!cube wasn't great but it was original and that made up for some technical flaws!hypercube as a sequel lost the advantage of originality but it came out looking pretty sharp and i even liked it beter than cube(the story was better)! but cube zero in comparison to it's predecessors really isn't worth sh*t!a complete lack of good fx, a very f*ck*d up script and just plain old bad acting don't combine well! example:all of the time during the movie i was thinking it would be incredibly stupid if ... should happen and then it would happen, so it's not very original neither! my advice: don't lose that hour and a half i lost!!!!!!!! oh and i hope this movie crashes and burns!!!!!!!

this movie was yet another waste of time... why oh why do i keep renting crap like this?... someone please tell me... *sigh* oh well. back to the movie at hand: cube zero is probably worth it if you really really enjoyed the first movie, (like i did), and just want to check out what's up in the last (hopefully) movie scraped together just to keep some poor actors and screenwriters employed, then of course this is the movie for you. but if you are looking for a good movie with good acting and a fantastic plot... *evil grin* then this movie is definitely for you :-d.... ok i'm lying... at best this movie sucks. ok, i have to admit that certain elements to it was cool.. well.. coolish... and i laughed quite a few times, prolly at the wrong things, but nevertheless i was amused. :-) but all in all the few things that barely makes the "ok" category isn't enough to make this movie worth it at all.. unless you count "manos - hand of fate" one of the top ten movies ever!

i think this one sucked on ice, because it left the cube, and gave us to much information as to the who's and why's. the original cube never left the cube, and it left everything to your imagination. this crap fest however, gives you it all. and i didn't like it...though the acting is solid, i think the reason this one was a downer was because it was done by people other than the original filmmakers, if they had vincenzo natali do this prequel, or even the sequel i think it would have done better and would have been more true to the source. so i recommend you stay far, far away from this one, and hypercube, another movie i don't even want to discuss...(i gave it a 2 for the acting only)

the killings in this movie isn't that bad, but for sure the movie is. it's even worse than that. it's not even worth the wear it might cause when you slide it into your dvd-player.not even the wear it causes on your shoulders carrying it from the dvd-store, not to speak of the money and time you spend renting and watching it. horrible.it's beyond understanding how anyone could say anything positive about this movie. it was just a bare masochistic tendency of mine that caused me not to stop watching, add to that the group pressure from my co-watchers.the manuscript is awful, the directing even worse and the acting is plain despicable.i hope you don't see this as a spoiling your fun, i'd rather see it as a fair warning: do not waste your time watching this garbage!

those familiar with the two previous cube films pretty much know what they can expect: a small group of people trapped inside a bunch of booby trapped rooms, paranoia, bad acting... this one is a bit different though. roughly half of the film takes place outside the cube, where we get to watch the people watching the people inside the cube (or at least five of them).i guess cube zero aspires to explain what the deal with the cube is, but you really don't get to know much more than what was covered in the two first films. sure, there's sort of an explanation in there, but it feels pretty lame compared to what was suggested in the first film.cube zero looks rather cheap (as did its predecessors), and the fact that it shows more than just a couple of empty rooms only emphasizes this feeling. i also fell pretty confident in saying that there's no risk that any of the actors will win any awards in the foreseeable future. they have brought back the traps from cube 1, though, (by that i mean that they're almost the same ones, which is a bit of a shame).i know that many people kind of appreciate this film and its ties with the first one, but i just feel that it's a completely unnecessary contribution to a franchise that wasn't that great to begin with. [1/10]

this is pretty much a low-budget, made for tv, type of movie intended to capitalize off of the success of the original. i'm a fan of b-movies, and this one might have been good had they not attached the name "cube" to it, because as is, the director and plot of the original were better, and this movie just about ruined my taste for the entire series. the characters are annoying and clichéd, there are problems with continuity, and several outright production screw-ups. the story hardly gets a chance to develop because of superfluous dialogue and suffers from that. they more or less use the same horror gimmicks over and over throughout the movie, and because the first one was so good, this simply turns out as a disappointment.if this was a stand-alone b-movie, i'd probably give it about a four. the "1" rating i give it was pretty much a statement about how it utterly paled in effects and intelligence as compared to the first.

the original "cube" is a fantastic b-movie rich with paranoia, meaty characterization, and fine over-the-top performances. it's creepy, cryptic, and cool. and it stands perfectly well, on its own, without a stupid sequel like "cube zero." this third (!) film in the cube series is part retread (most of the booby traps are sadly recycled), part aberration. it takes the bold step of explaining what the cube is - something that was never revealed in the first movie - but, since said explanation is bland, i'd rather it was kept a secret. there are some potentially interesting references to the society that exists outside of the cube, but they never develop beyond hints about some kind of political-religious totalitarian state. so, what little social commentary there is feels flat and unfocused.what works? basically nothing. the acting is purely amateur hour, the pacing is slow (how much of this movie consists of two nerds watching a screen?), and the gore effects, while revolting, fail to convince. in short, "cube zero" reminded me of a "cube" fan-fic, a sloppy and sophomoric clone of a good movie that definitely did not need a sequel.

follows the same path as most sequels. first one was great. second was average and this one, full of bad acting and some stupid dialog and well as a lot of suspension of disbelief, this movie was weak.too predictable and i just couldn't stand that henry wrinkler-like boss with that stupid eye, there was so much more they could have done with this. i liked the first one a lot. i wish they would have went more down those lines, rather than what they did here.there was too much unexplained that needed to be explained, what time period this was in and why why why is there an old fashioned phone in that room?i understand there is another one in the works. blah!

the screen writing is so dumb it pains me to have wasted 2 hours of my life i'll never get back (where have i heard this before). the acting is so-so. things change often enough to keep you watching and waiting for something gruesome to happen. nevertheless there isn't a single original thing in this movie. while the first cube was a nerdy horror movie, which didn't make a whole lot of sense in the end, cube zero has picked up on that and tries to retell exactly the same story, except this time it makes an obnoxious point of trying to spoon-feed explanations for every detail that the first movie didn't answer. the comic thing is, the director recycles the exact scenes of the first movie that were somewhat weird, and tries to explain them. but the scenes are just copied over, there is no coherence whatsoever. this script is sooo pointless. i can imagine it being written by some half-wit 15 year old with a baseball cap and a pack of beer for a class project. the best part is in the end, they cripple the 'good' wunderkind guy, and he becomes the retarded fellow in the first movie, and you see him when they find him ('this room is green..') in cube 1997. goodie gooodie, clap clap, what a twist. first of all, what about if you haven't seen the first one, this doesn't make any sense you nitwit director. oh, another great idea: instead of the numbers to identify x,y,z coordinates of the room (cube 1997), this time it is 3 letters, each one giving one of 26 possible coordinate values. duh. except now permutations don't make much sense anymore..so he lets the letters disappear before anybody can use them..i want my money back.i guess i had to write this down since there are just so many bad, inconsistent, or just stupid ideas in this movie. directors/writers should be required to possess some talent.

the plot doesn't offer any new excitements, it even starts the same as cube i. this time there are no other enhancements for the cube machinery, except for having an extra exit, which is not guarded, very ingenious. the characters are also not so well elaborated as in the first episode, they just became "flat" as in a soap opera. if somebody makes it to the normal exit, the person would be asked some questions, like "do you believe in god?", its not really creative or original and especially in my opinion it doesn't fit into the mystery of the cube with it traps. really there is nothing much else to say about it.

the first cube movie was an art movie. it set up a world in which all the major archetypes of mankind were represented, and showed how they struggled to make sense of a hostile world that they couldn't understand. it was, on the non-literal level, a "man vs. cruel nature" plot, where the individual who represented innocence and goodness came through in the end, triumphing to face a new, indefinable world beyond man's petty squabbles; a world where there were no more struggle, but peace. i rated cube a 10 out of 10, and it's a movie that was never meant to have any sequels.the second movie, hypercube was a massive disappointment. some of the ideas were kind of cool, but in the context of the original movie, both the story and the setting made no sense and had no meaning. still, for being fairly entertaining, i rated it a 5 out of 10.the third movie, cube zero, while ignoring the second, plays like a vastly inferior commercial b-movie rehash of the first, sans the symbolism. there is no "homage" or "tribute" here; there is only ripping off. the same kind of plot, with some elements idiotically altered (like having letters instead of prime numbers between the cubes - an idea which shows more clearly than anything else that this is a rip-off with absolutely no originality and nothing to say).that we see something from "behind the scenes" means nothing, because the watchers are just part of the big bad experiment, the architects of which we hear nothing of. and, in this movie, those who get through to the exit (like kazan did at the end of the first movie) are just killed - where the *bleep* is the sense in that?! that's just flippin' stupid. i'm glad i didn't pay to see this.the production values and acting in cube zero are not too bad, but the story and the ideas are so utterly devoid of any inspiration that this movie can only get from me a rating of 3 out of 10.

if john waters had written and directed "house of 1000 corpses" after being struck about the head repeatedly with a heavy object, the result would probably be something like "the blood shed." it's mildly entertaining for the first half hour, but then it slides into a sort of featureless glop of constant screaming and people doing things to each others genitalia with electric carving knives, cutlery and pliers. susan adriensen (sno cakes) is incredibly annoying and terry west (elvis bullion) is almost as bad in whatever it is he's doing in front of the camera.maybe the best thing about "the blood shed" is that it won't take most viewers very long to forget about it.

this is one of the dumbest films, i've ever seen. it rips off nearly ever type of thriller and manages to make a mess of them all.there's not a single good line or character in the whole mess. if there was a plot, it was an afterthought and as far as acting goes, there's nothing good to say so ill say nothing. i honestly cant understand how this type of nonsense gets produced and actually released, does somebody somewhere not at some stage think, 'oh my god this really is a load of shite' and call it a day. its crap like this that has people downloading illegally, the trailer looks like a completely different film, at least if you have download it, you haven't wasted your time or money don't waste your time, this is painful.

ok.... i just have 3 words - cheesy, cheesy and cheesy! the only redeeming feature of this movie is dean cain. other than that - it's cheeseball supreme!!!!the movie does have some promise in the concept - an underground lab creates a real live fire breathing dragon - basically giving us more of "jurassic park" meets "reign of fire"..... there are some great possibilities, but they just don't follow through.... the special effects are decent - even though you know the dragon is cgi, it doesn't horribly look like cgi.... i wouldn't lay the blame on dean cain (although he is one of the producers), i'd lay more of the blame on phillip roth - the director and writer. it's his job to make this film.... and, unfortunately, he failed.

this movie really, i mean really, sucks. its got plot holes so big, and 30 foot dragon can fit through them. not to mention the dragon itself, which is inevitably the worst computer generated image ever to be put on the film real. i mean, when you see something like this, you gotta be thinking "wow, someone actually made this movie. then released it. that takes guts". whoever they are, i'm sure they don't work in the film business anymore.when i hired this movie, it wasn't in on dvd, so i (reluctantly) took it out on video. the first thing to appear, was a lord of the rings trailer, for the two towers. this was a very clever move, putting this trailer on the video. it justifies me (reluctantly) giving the film 1 star, otherwise i would have given it zero stars. maybe the producers though the star attraction of dean cain (i think thats how you spell it) would draw in the crowds (uh, to the video store that is).next they employed split screen technique (like in hulk) to (i assume) compensate for what an atrocity this piece of crap film is. on the box cover, we see a picture of our hero, and the dragon. does the dragon look exactly like the one in dragonheart, or is it just me? either way, the dragon in the film looks like a reject from gremlins 2, and has the cgi of a nintendo video game villain from the early 90's (perhaps worse). also, not the dragons movement as it pursues its victims- its the same f##cking monotonous movement- right leg, left leg, right leg left leg- dom, dom, dom, dom dom, dom f#$king dooooom! this just pisses me off. maybe the filmmakers thought this was thrilling and would have the same effect of jaws. why not then have a dragon pov shot. either way, that was just funny, much like watching a weebl toon.dean cain gives many puzzled looks during the film (maybe his coming to terms with the fact that this film could end his career). don't expect superman here. the first time i saw the trailer for this film, i thought it was an add for a ps2 game.as for the story, its so so bad, my 5 year old brother can come up with better ones when he's unconvincingly trying to lie about why he was messing around in my room while i wasn't there. oh, and did i mention that i f@#king hate the people who made this incredibly stupid stupid crap atrocious film?!!!

nothing could have saved this movie, not even superman.ten years ago the special effects would have been amazing. better directing might have gotten some more feeling and better performances out of the actors. but nothing but feeding the script to a dragon could have fixed it. plot holes, bad lines, terrible pacing, endless replaying of the same shots of a cgi dragon stomping through hallways... ugh.avoid this one at all costs.

if alien, jurassic park and countless other sci fi horror movies are your cup of tea, add a lot of sugar and you'll get this one down. the film begins in jolly old england around 1100ad and then jumps to present day california. our hero carver (dean cain) is the new security chief and military advisor for a science lab 400 feet underground. he arrives (carver is also a helicopter pilot) with the lead scientist and we soon find out it's a cloning lab and they have something newly found to clone. is it a dinosaur or what? as with the above movies, all hell breaks loose and our characters start getting picked off. the special effects on the monster are pretty good for a "direct to video" movie and dean cain does what he gets paid for. but forget the rest of the group as we find out why we have never seen them before. again, don't go in with high expectations and you'll be ok.

once i ignored some of the implausibilities, this was actually a fairly decent horror/monster flick. so, i'll give some of the good points first: - the dragon was quite convincing, especially as she prowled through the tunnels looking for lunch (hint: she likes humans). - the action was fairly non stop, and, after a weak beginning, i got quite absorbed in the storyline. - sorry to say, i was kind of rooting for the dragon - she was probably the most convincing and consistent character in the movie.now for the implausible stuff **maybe some spoilers**: - if you were hunting a fire-breathing dragon in 1100 ad, would you charge into its cave with a barrel of gunpowder under your arm? duh. - a female character with an all-american name, blonde hair and obvious slavic accent, trying to pretend she's spanish? huh? - a lead scientist whose slavic accent you can cut with a knife, and he's supposedly born in chicago, educated in usa? - a military helicopter pilot who does his own repairs, flies a huge transport copter with no other crew, and is an expert marksman and combat soldier to boot? ok. uh huh. i won't even mention his giving 3 different call signs in 2 minutes while communicating with his base.it's still better than some of the japanese monster flicks from the 60's, but not by much. if we're lucky, we won't see dragon fighter 2, though naturally the ending left that possibility wide open. or, maybe, they'll hire a real director next time.in spite of everything, i gave this flick a 4 out of 10. add 2 more if they rewrite the plot, and dean cain gets eaten in the first ten minutes. <grin>

this movie is some of the worst crap i have ever seen. i literally got a sharp pain in my head while watching this movie. the cgi was awful, and the story was just a waste of ink. dean cain's character was mr-super-intuitive-i-can-figure-out-anything, except he can't seem to work his own helicopter correctly. the biggest problem was the split screen camera work. i felt like i was watching the brady bunch or something, only it wasn't different people in the boxes, just close ups and different views of the same thing. i can only figure that the actors really needed the money, because this movie wasn't worth the film it was shot on.

there have been plenty of unknown movies or movies given bad reviews that i really liked. this was not one of them.it was overacted and used camera techniques that made me feel like i was watching a soap opera. it was ludicrously predictable and took most of the movie to get going then left you asking "that's it?". once i decided not to take the movie too seriously and watch it from a purely corny point of view it became more enjoyable. this is one movie that would have wound up on mst3000 if it was still on.

what a dreadful movie! for some reason, scientific laboratories and outposts always have a staff of grubby, dirty, mean-spirited, misanthropes living inside. these folks who presumably work together on complicated scientific projects cannot seem to agree on how to survive death at the hands of a cgi dragon. spoilers: an extra-nasty scientist whose main acting skill is "leering" and "the sinister stare" has cloned a dragon. while the lab was supposed to work on this kind of thing, the other scientists are shocked, because apparently they were all way behind in their experiments and got caught with their pants down. the rest of the story is like the thing, or ten little indians, where the staff is hunted and killed off as they try to formulate a way to escape and/or defeat the "dragon." the cgi dragon creature is dark gray, which seems to be the popular color for most of the cheap cgi special effects. it hardly looks better than a cartoon, and the dark gray tones make it difficult to see any interesting details in the body of the dragon. all it looks like is a gray blob. the acting is less than horrible. these scientists act like a bunch of children who cannot agree on anything, and this makes it easier for the dragon to kill them off in various attempts to escape, hide, etc. dean cain is hardly better than any of the cast of unknown actors in this movie. he seems to sink to the level of his supporting cast. this movie is really, really atrocious. the acting is bad. the story is dumb. the cgi is very very cheap and amateurish. there is nothing commendable about this movie, it is not even a good time-killer to glance at while doing chores or other work.

when you wish for the dragon to eat every cast member, you know you're in for a bad ride.i went in with very, very low expectations, having read some of the other comments, and was not let down. unlike some other cheap and failed movies, however, this one doesn't really remain hilariously (and unintentionally) funny throughout.-spoilers follow-first of all, plot it very inconsistent. looking past the "small" mistakes, such as the dragon growing up in 3 hours, the whole idea it's based on is messed up. see, the movie wants us to believe that dragons came from outer space in the form of meteorites which really were dragon eggs. after explaining this, they show some peasant poking at one with his pitchfork and the dragon pops out. later, the obligatory "crazy scientist" guy babbles on about how dragons outlived the dinosaurs. so apparently humans were around when dinosaurs were, or we just have a fine little plot hole here. the other major thing is that the lab is blown up with a force "half as strong" as what was used for hiroshima. then two guys later walk in to check everything out, and it's almost unscathed! there's even another dragon, which grew out of who knows what. all in all it's very predictable. as soon as the guy mentioned cloning, i guessed they'd clone a dragon. that means that our mr. smarty-pants security guy isn't so intuitive and smart as the movie would have you believe, if you ignore that i knew this film would be about, you know, dragons.putting that aside, the second worst thing is the "special effects." others have mentioned the fake rocks falling during the beginning, the cg helicopter, and the dragon. it looks a bit better than a blob, but it ruined whatever it had going for it when it trudged down the hall in the same manner time after time. to their credit, the flying dragons in the beginning looked ok from far away (although the one in the cave is probably the worst one in the whole movie.) these things are funny to watch, however. the scenes where a million different shots of the same person facing different ways are shown are not. nor are the "introduction" screens with the vital stats.coming to the actors, they weren't the greatest, but i guess at least they tried? they seemed more enthusiastic about what they were doing than many of the actors participating in the recent "bloodrayne," for example, and you've got to give them points for that. one thing i noticed though was that the woman who plays meredith often had her face covered in make-up that was many tones lighter than the rest of her. she looked like she had a bad run-in with some white-face.the script is bad and cheesy. you don't really notice the music, but it's actually not too bad for the most part.the bottom line is don't watch it unless you want to see it because you hear it's bad (like i did), although the only funny things are the bad cg effects. other than that, don't waste your time and money.

pretty standard b-movie stuff. seriously, anyone who watches "dragon fighter" with dean cain and a bunch of people making their first movie should know better than to expect real quality or even moderate intelligence. b movies exist to re-work formulas that are popular. if you give them even token analysis, you'll wind up ruining the movie for yourself (and perhaps writing some self-important, slanderous review on imdb).i liked the female lead, kristine byers. she had charisma and i thought she was notably attractive. it was a memorable b-movie appearance. unfortunately, i don't see where she has made any movies since. i'll watch for her again.

yesterday i saw the movie flyboys and my girlfriend told me it was the worst movie she's ever seen... since i thought it was pretty awful as well it got me thinking - which film was the worst film i had ever seen and this was the only film that came to mind.unfortunately it was a couple of years since i've seen it but i remember the horribly miscast dean cain as cocky military man (pretty boy cain doesn't do cocky very well). the strange deal with the cgi-helicopter when it would probably be cheaper to rent a chopper than to hire some cgi-guys to make it, but my guess is that they found the chopper as a free sample for some cgi program or the producer's son liked to play with his new computer. and how did it look?? awful. and when the dragon charges through the corridors of the complex then reuse the same shots over and over - looks very cheap.avoid this movie - it is truly awful...

it's hard to praise this film much. the cgi for the dragon was well done, but lacked proper modelling for light and shadow. also, the same footage is used endlessly of the dragon stomping through corridors which becomes slightly tedious.i was amazed to see "marcus aurelius" in the acting credits, wondering what an ex-emperor of the roman empire was doing acting in this film! like "whoopie goldberg" it must be an alias, and can one blame him for using one if he appears in this stinker.the story might been interesting, but the acting is flat, and direction is tedious. if you must watch this film, go around to your friend's house and get drunk while doing so - then it'll be enjoyable.

there are those movies that are bad they are funny, then there are those where you scream "i want that one and a half hours of my life back"...thats pretty much what this is.dean cain tries to be an actor but fails. the sfx are really bad (repeated scenes and rocks that look like falling paper) and the fake plastic guns that have torches taped on them...the split screen effect used to show multiple things happening at once is just terrible.this movie cant even be used as one of those simple night entertainers, its just that badif i could go negative ratings, i would

the first 45 minutes of dragon fighter are entirely acceptable and surprisingly watchable. the characters are believable and interesting. the cloning lab looks really high-tech. after that, it all collapses. the characters start behaving idiotically, and a new subplot is introduced from nowhere about a fusion reactor (and this is supposedly "present day") going critical, the only plot justification of which is that it is required to kill the dragon - only it doesn't. the finish is incredibly weak. one wonders what made a movie that started out so well turn so wrong.all the characters except dean cain are played by russians. this results in some weird situations and details, like the character being played by vessela dimitrova being called "bailey kent" despite her heavy accent (and despite her, on one occasion, inexplicably switching to *spanish*!).because of the decent start, i considered rating this movie a 5, but it really was more disappointing than that, so i only give it 4.

dragon fighter is the first sci-fi channel (although i guess it's now called syfy?) original movie i have ever seen. but i have seen one or two others since, and i can tell you that they were stupid, but this one really scrapes the bottom of the barrel. the cgi is done poorly, the acting is bad, the script is ridiculous, and what happens at the very end is unexpected and out of place (if you have seen dragon fighter, you probably know what i mean; i didn't want to put a spoiler in my review). plus, there was this one musical tune that was used in pretty much every single dangerous sequence. that was really stupid; they just played it over and over. and it's definitely not original; i know i've heard that somewhere before (i just can't remember where). this is one to avoid.

i caught this movie on sci-fi before heading into work. if you've any interest in seeing dean cain dive and avoid being enveloped in flames at least a dozen times, this movie is for you. if that doesn't peak your interest, well, i'm afraid you'll wish that you were the one about to be enveloped in flames, because this movie is pretty bad. the acting, to begin with, is awful, awful, awful. the characters are all completely obnoxious, and the dialogue is worse than your typical z-grade, sci-fi movie. towards the end, the movie began to remind me of 'hollow man' (complete with escape via elevator shaft), except with a dragon, not a naked, invisible man. unlike other similar flicks, however, this one wasn't even awesomely bad...it was just plain bad.

this is a formula b science fiction movie, and the director made no bones about it. it is about a dragon who is restored to life by a scientific team. everything done is stuff you've seen many times before. it is a weak script, with no real characters. in fact, it is full of stereotype characters and situations. the director attacks this by just making it a formula movie, with no attempt to fool us, and that gives this movie a mild appeal, but it isn't something you're likely to remember a while. it is best seen while you're cooking, cleaning, working out. sort of mindless fun. it has its place in entertainment, but it certainly isn't something you sit down with friends to watch, unless you're all just drunk and don't care. the mass rating of 3.2 is probably fair. i don't think it is as crappy as most people, but i am surprised that some people in the postings thought this was spectacular. that really eludes me, as i see no attempt to even make this a memorable film.

why else would he do this to me?not that i expect dean cain to produce hit movies. or even decent movies. i saw lois and clark, i am aware of just how... "good" dean cain is.obviously this is gonna be a cheesey flick, and each cheesey flick has its own special way to make you scratch your head. i will not call these spoilers as you can't really spoil this movie any more than it already is.to begin with... why is that a fake helicopter? i mean... why?how come that one scientist is from chicago and that other scientist is from la and neither one could be any more eastern european if they tried? how hard would it have been to get either an american actor, or just change that lame state sheet the movie provides us with to say those people aren't american?why are there 2 occasions when the movie gives us a slug line? we get helipad-day and then mess hall-day later on. and then that's it, who cares about the timeline. to be honest, who cared about it even when they mentioned it, but i guess that's beside the point.does a movie really get better if you are able to view it through multiple split screens? the answer is no.that dragon sure can walk down that hall..over..and over...and over....and over...who on earth was responsible for one of the worst endings in film history? it was straight out of scooby doo. oh, the dragon's dead now...say, wanna get dinner? sure, but not at some chinese place....with dragon in the name!! ah ha ha ha!! ha ha ha!! haha ha! i used to be superman! aha ha ha! ha ha!fade to blackmy god, it made me cringe it was so stupid.but never fear..even though the whole building exploded...and no one was left alive..for some reason there's a second untouched, unmanned lab that survived pretty well, so they can make a sequel. hurray for us all.

i mistakenly kept myself awake late last night watching this thing. about the only thing i could say good about this horrid film is that it could be used by film schools to show how not to make a movie. no proper character development, wait, i'm not even sure they were characters. set-ups were hokey and inane, and the overuse of split screens was wasted since sometimes they couldn't even synchronize with alternate shots. if i could give this a zero or minus rating i would. sadly, it isn't even worth the time for a few laughs. it's just a sad example of money wasted by hollywood, and now i waste my time even thinking about it.

yet another venture into the realm of the teen-gross-out-comedy, set on a college campus featuring a nerd's quest to coolness, and how he decides to blackmail a trio of popular jocks into making him get the girl. it's all been done before, and it's all been done in a far more satisfying manner. the gross-out humor that has made teen flicks like "american pie" and "dude! where's my car" so popular is taken completely out of context in this installment, appearing so completely at random that the viewer can only frown and disapprove. the film is badly written, and the actors never succeed in making any of it even slightly bearable. i won't even dignify this terrible picture by divulging, as it's a waste of my time and yours. at best, slackers never manages to entertain or induce laughter, and at worst it is excruciatingly bad and at times completely unwatchable. jason schwarzman, who impressed in his debut rushmore, humiliates himself by appearing in this picture and one wonders how a career can end up in the toilet so fast. please avoid, please avoid. save your money.

the slackers as titled in this movie are three college friends dave, jeff and sam(devon sawa, michael maronna and jason segel respectively), who are about to graduate from university without sitting through an honest exam but making it end successfully. this continues until the very end when unlikeable but the most likable character of the movie nathan(schwartzman) figures out what they are up to. nathan starts blackmailing in order to make up with his dream girl as he cant pursue that in normal conditions. the only problem is when the trio starts to work on it, dave falls in love with the gorgeous and good hearted angela(james king) unfortunately, not a brilliant genre movie. schwartzman makes to watch the movie easy as his performance is brilliant. king's performance is average, i think she was hired just to be around with her gorgeous look. the slackers is reminiscent of american pie with a different direction. jokes are as shallow as in american pie. but aren't they all used? i think this movie is a warning to the filmmakers of the genre that they are running out of originality. overall, a few smiley moments but a horrible movie in terms of acting(except for schwartzman) and subject. * out of *****

this was surely the stupidest, crudest, most repulsive film i have seen in quite some time. i was tempted to turn off the vcr, but, as in the fascination watching a horrible car accident, i literally found it compulsively hateable in every conceivable way and slugged it out through to the end. i am by no means a prude who objects to the comedic portrayal of sexual antics on the screen. animal house, porky's, there's something about mary, both american pie movies, and even the notorious freddy got fingered i have found highly enjoyable on their own crude terms. mamie van doren's breast-baring sponge bath is the most horrifying appearance by a naked geriatric since the shining. ineptly edited and shot, with incredibly annoying performances from devon sawa and jason schwartzman, the film ended, without the benefit of having made me giggle once. the only useful purpose for the film is as a textbook example of how not to make a gross out picture. oh, and it would also serve nicely as a lawn fertilizer.

if you enjoy films like american pie, road trip & van wilder; avoid this cinematic refuse at all costs. it is an unamusing, mean-spirited, insipid waste of resources that should never have been discussed aloud; much less actually recorded and sold to unsuspecting consumers. easily the worst film i have seen in the past 18 months; mind-numbingly bad for the entire 86 minutes of it's runtime. had it been much longer, i would not have been able to write this review without using profanity. consider yourself warned!

wouldn't it be great if not another teen movie actually put an end to all of these stupid, pointless, i'm getting more sex than you are teen movies? in a perfect world, yes. yet this one is even worse. this one is not humiliating for the stars, it's humiliating for the distributor. all of the jokes are basically college students exposing stuff that people probably have no interest in seeing, yet it's "funny." devon sawa, who was actually good in final destination, is just plain dull in this movie. it makes you wonder if it's being bad on purpose. grade: f

what are people on here talking about? i must have seen a different movie than you guys. i was so bored that i walked out of the theater. what is up with this stuff. i only laughed once and not even that hard. whoever greenlit this movie should be taken out into the street and beaten. i usually always find something i like in a movie, but this is crazy. "slackers" makes "not another teen movie" look like a classic. it ranks up there with such trash as "body shots", "con air", and "conspiracy theory" as one of the worst of all time. avoid at all costs! i thought the studio would be handing out money to people as they left the theater as a sign of their apologies, but to my dismay that wasn't happening. looks like i will never see that money again or the two hours.

canadians are too polite to boo but the audience at the toronto film festival left the theater muttering that they would rate this film 0 or 1 on their voting sheets. the premise is that a modern filmmaker is interpreting a 17th century fable about the loves of shepherds and shepherdesses set in the distant past when druids were the spiritual leaders. working in three epochs presents many opportunities to introduce anachronisms including silly and impractical clothing and peculiar spiritual rites that involve really bad poetry. lovers are divided by jealousy and their rigid adherence to idiotic codes of conduct from which cross-dressing and assorted farcical situations arise. the film could have been hilarious as a monty python piece, which it too closely resembles, but rohmer's effort falls very flat. the audience laughed at the sight jokes but otherwise bemoaned the slow pace. the ending comes all in a rush and is truly awful. this is a trivial film and a waste of your movie going time.

it's been said several times - not least by me - that watching an eric rohmer film is like watching paint dry; it seems that monsieur rohmer resents this (he doesn't deny it, but then how could he, he just resents it) so much so that his new movie, which may also be his last, inch allah, is set so far back in time that it's like watching woad dry. those wonderful people who gave you the nouvelle vague, cahiers du cinema have already named it one of the best films of 2007 so that should give you some idea. reality is not high on rohmer's agenda so that in 5th century france we have at one extreme a château that would not be out of place in the loire valley whilst the only other dwelling we see is a rude wooden hut. the story involves nymphs and shepherds and as he often does rohmer has cast it with unknowns who just happened to be passing so that the overall effect is that the annual class play at a school for special needs pupils was captured on film by accident. one is almost tempted to say 'come back godard, all is forgiven' but even this woeful production can't make me utter those words.

the movie has only one flaw, unfortunately this flaw damages all credibility of the piece.it starts with the condemnation of the israeli occupation of disputed territories. it fails to address the reason israelis are there. egypt, syria, iraq and jordan attacked israel. this is why israel "occupys" their land, because those countries lost it in a war they started.the film also claims that israel has defied the u n by not complying with resolution 242. problem is, 242 was rejected immediately upon it's inception by.....the palestinians, making it void.many films are put together well, and can really show footage that changes minds, but remember, when watching anything, believe none of what you hear, and only half of what you see.all participants in this film are known critics of israel, and some have made many antisemitic public comments, removing any possible credibility to their words.all participants are in dire need of a actual history lesson taught objectively, not by some palestinian sympathizer.

a propaganda film for the palestinian "cause". if you were expecting an unbiased documentary on the israeli-palestinian conflict, you will need to look elsewhere. if you are an anti-semite (or merely an anti-zionist---nothing wrong with advocating the destruction of a country, right?) or uncritically in support of palestinian goals (e.g., mass murder, the destruction of israel), this is the documentary for you. should make for an entertaining evening on college campuses around the uk and us. however, any informed and intellectually honest person would be outraged at the sheer number of lies presented in this video. i just hope those who truly are unaware of the situation aren't corrupted by this anti-semitic filth.

your first clue that this is a cheesy movie is that it was shot on video, not film. the story is convoluted, and the production is amazingly sloppy. note, for example, that when the title couple are on a plane ostensibly landing in vermont, where they've gone to celebrate their relationship in a civil union ceremony, the plane is shown coming into an airport surrounded by palm trees. their ceremony - in vermont - takes place in a garden of tropical plants, including palms, which wouldn't last five minutes in the new england climate. on yet another airplane trip, the establishing shot depicts a fedex cargo plane taking off. presumably they could only afford to travel in steerage. as for the plot, this movie expects you to believe that victor, the devoutly christian brother of arthur, is kicked out of his church when the congregation learns that his brother is gay. not only that, but the pastor eventually sets victor up with a hit man to have ben and arthur killed "to purge their souls of sin." apparently no one in this church has ever heard of the ten commandments. were it not for jamie brett gabel, who is surprisingly effective as arthur, this movie would have no redeeming qualities at all.

oh my god. i bought this movie and...i...watched...the...whole...thing. . . okay, it's going to be alright... i'l know i'll be okay in a month or two. some time soon i hope to be rid of the flash backs. i was going to eat something after the movie but i just can't seem to get up the courage to try and hold any food down at the moment. bad? yes bad. very bad. bad bad bad bad bad. wait, bad doesn't seem to get the message across in quite the right way. hmm... there isn't a word to describe just how awful.... not awful... hmm disgustingly horribly casted/acted/filmed/directed/written. now i don't know what to do but throw it out. possibly burn it i wouldn't want it to end up at the bottom of an architectural dig a thousand years from now. the worst movie ever since "hey happy"

if an auteur gives himself 2 credits before the main title and about 15 more credits before the movie starts, and the first shot shows the auteur rolling around on a bed in lycra bike shorts, it won't be a surprise to observe that said auteur has the kind of body that should never be seen in spandex. the kind of look that might be useful to a homosexual aversion therapist.others have given this thing the dishing it deserves. for me the most pitiable moment came when the trip from la was signified by a plane landing at what appeared to be lax; and the return was signified by a shot of a fedex cargo plane.

this movie was laughably bad. a friend rented it from netflix and made me watch it. there are so many gaffes and goofs that it's impossible to even bother getting to know the characters and the plot. how about these for example...the "vermont airport" surrounded by palm treesben's miraculously appearing shirt during a phone conversationthe priest's palatial office... complete with a folding card table deskthere is a decent story hidden behind a very bad movie. but even if you look past the technical flaws, you'll find horrid acting and casting. i was most tickled by the casting of a flamboyantly gay actor to play the right-wing religious zealot brother. his opening scene, sitting in his immaculate apartment, stroking his kitty cat, was hilarious.i applaud the writer/director/producer/editor/star/caterer/cast dentist/composer (and whatever else he did on this move) for actually getting a movie like this distributed. if you have nothing better to do, it could be a fun group movie or even the basis of a drinking game but don't rent it for a powerful story about homophobia and gay marriage.

...well, pop this into the dvd, waste an hour and a half of your life that you will never get back, and find out.acting? what acting? production values? ...production? ...values?story? don't get me started.after many years of posting on imdb, i never thought i would see a film so bad that i truly wished for a lower rating than one. i always have found at least a reason or two to see merit - if only in the intent or the effort of the writer, the director, the cast, or the producer?in this case, they're all the same guy (!) who really needs to get a handle on the fact, at least as demonstrated by this worthless waste of video tape, that he has no talent. i mean it would be a reasonable excuse if this were some junior high schooler's "production" for his first cinema class, but the referenced "artist" behind this dreck was twenty-six at the time of this miscarriage. just how did this ever get made? who in their right mind ever wrote a check for this? moreover, don't let the box cover fool you: there's not even anything that remotely resembles a good sex scene or any good "exposure" of the hunk on that cover.two final items: there was one second when this "film" had redeeming value: the aforementioned "talent" gets roundly punched out by his lover. i cheered! and, i did learn one thing from this "film.". there are times when something is so very bad that it is, indeed, truly very funny. but not in any comical manner; it's just sadly humorous. very sadly humorous.

the only reason that this movie is rated a 1 is that zero is not one of the selection options. with a plot thinner than depression era cabbage soup, horrific acting, and special effects that look like they came out of the "thunderbirds" tv series, it is amazing that widmark didn't kill the director for putting this black mark on his resume. even by 1950's standards, the special effects are atrocious, except for a couple of underwater submarine sequences. i can only assume that it was nominated for best special effects because, except for 20,000 leagues under the sea and them!, there wasn't anybody else doing effects. it was certainly no contest for disney that year if this was their only competition. i wouldn't recommend the film, even for hard core submarine movie buffs, as the most realistic scene on the submarine was limited to one shot where seawater can be seen dribbling down the up-raised periscope. there are other, much better, sub films that you can enjoy from this era, like the aforementioned 20,000 leagues or torpedo run.

the leap years stars some heavy hitters in the local and regional film and television scene. and yet, they cannot save this movie. it has so many things going against it - over acting, overly melodramatic, poor script, inconsistent direction; and too few things going for it - decent music , good cinematography. this comment is mainly for anyone who throws all local movies into one basket after watching this film and says all local movies are bad. please do not judge the rest based on this one film. this is a television soap opera masquerading as a romantic feature film. my hopes were high when i bought my ticket and my hopes were dashed five minutes into the film.

i must preface this by saying i am a huge romantic. hence i really wanted to like this film. so i'm writing my thoughts to save the rest of you from the disappointment i felt watching it. the leap years tells the destiny-filled tale of li-ann who falls for the suave jeremy and they commit to meet every leap year. a very romantic premise, based on a great short story and with a cast that doesn't feel like you're watching yet another jack neo flick. then why oh why is it so bad? firstly, i feel the filmmakers thought they were shooting a music video, because they chose to replace storytelling and any true emotions with cheesy montages, predictable actions and clichéd lines. i am both upset and embarrassed to have been one of the first few in singapore to watch the leap years, but those of us in the cinema would agree that our muffled groans at the cringe-worthy performances spoke volumes. my hope was to watch a romantic movie that would surpass forever fever, the best singaporean romantic comedy so far, and the leap years does not even come close. some blogs have called it the crap years which is harsh but ultimately true. don't waste your money or your emotions like i did. the movie will make you give up on love forever.

there are no spoilers in this review because everything was already shown in the movie's trailer. i am trying to be balanced in my review because i strongly support local movies, but i can't help but support the backlash against this movie. it is slow, boring and bordering on pointless. even the "almost nice and believable moments" were immediately undercut by painful clichés and bad acting. vernetta lopez and wong li lin, whom i usually love, were only passable in this movie. it felt like the director was trying to make a melodramatic tv soap, then got carried away and decided to put it on the big screen. the leap years should come with an ra rating (rated awful) but it hasn't changed my faith in local movies. more good films will come, so long as more films like these don't get made.

recherche is a good word to describe this movie.let's say every movie has a selling point, a gimmick. transformers' gimmick is the awesome effects as well as fan boys nostalgia. sleepless in seattle's gimmick is situational in their tag-line, "what if someone you never met, someone you never saw, someone you never knew was the only someone for you?" many romance relies heavily on these gimmicks and some through draw of big names. leap years employs both by using the irish folklore as the circumstance and featuring considerably famous names within the country.so now that the audience are in the cinema, besides all the usual elements in characters, conflict or consequences, crisis, resolve and denouement, they also look forward to stimulating dialog, more absorbing situations as a result of the leap years, interesting sub-plots and perhaps, to a certain extent, a good twist in the middle or towards the end of the story that favors the circumstances of the characters.this is what jean yeo is trying not to achieve. if they've tried to, their goal was apparently in the other court, at the other stadium, on the other end of the planet. she and her writer, alain layrac, utterly failed to provide stimulating dialog. most of the lines were contrived. it seems that they have a bag filled with lines which she would like to use in her movie: "okay, these are the lines and quotes which i've heard or read from either movies i've seen or books i've read before and they all sound good to me. if they sound good to me, they will sound good to the audience. therefore, all i have to do is piece them all together. i am going to use all of them." the result is cathartic. i can't say that the lines were unnecessary and bears no relation to the story or in driving the plot on, but they seem to spring out of nowhere, catching you off guard with these quotable quotes.on a personal level, i know people who cite quotes based on most of the situations in our dialog, trying to make it meaningful to themselves while nodding along. i don't go out with them anymore because the urge to punch them is overwhelming.secondly, the characters portrayed are silly and one-dimensional. with exception to the unnatural dialog which implies their motivation (necessary to drive the plot), there was no sense of conviction in them. i haven't an idea who they are. they are all simpletons spouting lines from the advice column of a female-oriented magazine.the gimmick in the leap years is not enough to drive the story on because the circumstances are too shallow. then again, there are movies with less but fared better than this, aren't there. they made it up with my first and second point. moreover, the sub-plots are inconsequential (not that it's a bad thing for movies) and thin (bad thing).jean yeo and the producers are trying to pass off the terrible plot with fancy locations and passable photography. this is because they probably understand that it is possible and easier to attain the approval from some viewers than the others with the good use of cinematography, soundtrack and filming location. these non-discerning viewers.it is not even the kind of movie that is so bad that it's good. it is just bad. don't watch this.

"the leap years" is a movie adapted from an e-novella by singapore writer catherine lim, which became the first singapore novel/novella to be sold over the internet. the film had a tortuous post-production schedule: shot in early 2005, it was slated for release at the end of 2005, but only turn up eventually 3 years later, on the 29th february 2008, a leap year.before i say anything, i must first admit i'm no fan of the romance genre, so i may be a little biased against this film - i watched it merely because it was a singapore production, and that it's available for borrowing at my neighborhood library. here's my two cents on the movie.let's just start by saying that other than qi yu-wu's ks and wong li-lin, everybody here of note seems to be a eurasian. the love interest is a eurasian (ananda everingham), and wong's trio of buddies are all, er-hem, eurasians. does this film perpetuate the stereotype that falling in love and associating with eurasians are more "in" than the common chinese (or whatever asian race you are?) i don't know, it sure seems that way. also, everyone in the movie speaks in some mystical "anglified" accent which doesn't exist anywhere, certainly not in singapore. it's the kind of "semi-perfect english" that authorities would like us speak, but which doesn't exist anywhere outside, say, the mtv channel. the effect is that the dialog of the movie sounds forced and stilted, not helped by the lack of true-blue singaporeans in the cast.the scriptwriter seems to be trying too hard to string one-liners after one-liners. after twenty minutes, the "wit" of the movie starts to pall and the film starts serving up its usual plate of clichés. i guess i didn't enjoy the movie because the entire premise of sustaining a love affair over 16 long years seems unbelievable. there are other incredulities in the film. i can't for one believe that ks (played by qi yu-wu) would fall for one of wong's girlfriends. and the scene where the bridegroom says, "go, before i change my mind," has been used in a hundred east asian (korean, chinese, hong kong, taiwanese etc) tv serials...so 4 stars for this film. the production value is fair, and wong li-lin tries her best, but she's not helped by the script. joan chen has a 15-minute bit-part in the movie as the older wong and is perhaps the best actress of the lot, but, hey, her role is just cameo.if you come across "the leap years" in the rental or library, you may want to pop it in the dvd player for curiosity's sake, but otherwise, for people who don't exactly enjoy the romance genre, you can decide whether or not to give it a miss.

randolph scott is leaving the usa for the greener pastures of canada's british columbia. he wants to start a cattle ranch there with partner bill williams and cook lee tung foo. they stampede their small herd over a toll bridge erected by victor jory. later jory rustles their cattle and williams loses his left arm during the fracas.from 1945 until 1962 when he retired, randolph scott made a series of good adult themed westerns, some of them considered real classics. unfortunately the cariboo trail will never be listed among his best westerns. it's more like the material that roy rogers or gene autry might use. the story is downright silly at times. williams who was along for the ride with scott, he wanted to go prospect for gold as there was a big strike at the time. he doesn't blame the rustlers, he blames scott for convincing him to make the trip for the loss of his arm. also there's a scene in the film when scott, lee tung foo, and gabby hayes are captured by indians. they escape because gabby's mule has been taught to kick on command and he kicks away at the indians allowing our heroes to escape. i'm not sure that would have played in a rogers film.furthermore the story actually wants you to believe that tyro prospector randolph scott accidentally stumbles on a gold strike after just a few lessons from prospector gabby hayes on how to find gold. this was gabby hayes's farewell feature film part. it would have been better had he gone out in a good western and in fact he had done a couple of better ones with randolph scott before this.i will say this, though no caribou made any appearance in the film, this is one of the few canadian locale films from the past that did not have any mounties. but if i were you unless you are a big fan of randolph scott or gabby hayes, take the next detour off the cariboo trail.

it gets really bad. the only half-way redeeming quality is the effects from the thousands of bullets used during the film. there are context errors everywhere. the acting is horrible, save kirk. the story is as holey as the grail, and the belief that the movie is a video game in itself just kills the movie, if it wasn't already a corpse. so all in all it's a waste of your life. i would have given this a zero had that been an option on the rating scale.

the question, when one sees a movie this bad, is not necessarily, "how did a movie this bad get made?" or even, "why did i see this awful in the first place?" but, "what have i learned from this experience?" here's what i learned:- just because the "rules" of horror movies have been catalogued and satirized countless times in the last ten years doesn't mean someone won't go ahead and make a movie that uses all of them, without a shred of humor or irony.- if your movie has to be described as **loosely** based on the video game, you have script problems.- the black character may not always die first, but the asian character does always know kung-fu.- while you may be proud that you figured out how to do the "the matrix effect" on a budget, that doesn't necessarily mean you should use it over and over again ad nausea.- being ron howard's brother does not guarantee choice roles.- whenever a scene doesn't edit together, just use some footage from the video game, no one will notice.- if your cousin's rap-metal band offers to write your movie's theme for free, politely decline.- zombie movies are not about people killing zombies. they're about zombies killing people, preferably in the most gruesome way possible. that's what makes them scary.- white people who can pay $1600 to get to a rave deserve to die.- if you find an old book, it will tell you everything you need to know. anything else you will figure out on your own two lines after someone asks, "what was that?" or, "where are we?"- bare breasts are not horror movie panacea.- a helicopter boom shot and a licensing deal with sega magically transforms your movie from "student film" to "major studio release". try it!- just because you can name-drop all three "living dead" movies, that does not make you george romero. or even paul w. s. anderson.i've seen worse movies, but only because i've seen "mortal kombat: annihilation."

what can i say? i ignored the reviews and went to see it myself. damn the reviews were so right. what a waste of money considering it's budget.good thing, i went to see kill bill after this one.to see a really scary movie, would be crossroads!bottom line-- i like "girl in gold boots" better than this crap.

when i go to see a movie about zombie's, i'm not expecting oscar calibre performances, or writing on the level of the godfather, but i do expect the actors to at least not look like their straining to read their cue cards, and dialogue that doesn't sound like it was typed out 10 minutes before the actor reads it into the camera. this movie was just awful, i actually got up and left about 25 minutes in and went next door and watched cold creek manor, that wasn't very good either, but it seemed like citizen kane compared to this pile of crap. on the plus side, the girls were very pretty, that's probably the only thing that kept me in my seat for longer than the first 5 minutes, in fact i left after the hottest one got killed, there wasn't anything to hold my interest after that.

i have never seen a worse movie.it is possible to take a shootem up video game and make it into a decent movie.mistake 1: absolutely no connection to any of the characters. in this movie you don't bond with any of the characters because... you don't get a chance.the only character that is sympathetic or even interesting is the deck hand: salish as played by clint howard. except for this unique character, the outcome of the movie is meaningless as all the characters were lifeless from the begining.mistake 2: the worst gunfight scene ever. i love gunfights. i love when the heros open up on the badguys and clean house. heck i even like to watch a badguy clean house sometimes. but this gunfight was weird i guess that the best way to describe it is "apathetic" i've seen people shoot with more feeling and emotion while playing the videogame. in this movie it looked and felt like the "actors" were simply walking through shooting everything that moved without emotion.why? where's the trash talking? where's the snarls of rage amongst the gunfire? these are supposed to be kids that got caught at a rave gone bad... but even real soldiers acting professionally and ruthlessly show their humanity.if you want a good horror movie about a secluded house full of monsters, i recomend sam rami's evil dead series. do not see the disaster that is house of the dead. i hope that they burn the master and all copies of this movie.

i usually like zombie movies, but this one was just plain bad.the good parts: girl swimming topless with thong bottoms, sonya salomaa's topless, and ona grauer's boobs jiggling in a skimpy top when she ran.the bad part: too much video cuts, too much matrix slow motion (it drags the action), not enough blood and guts, bad acting, and no story. the only other person in the theater was smart and left right after the topless swimming scene. a total waste of $6 and time. i give it a 2 out of 10.

this is about the worst movie i have ever seen. this movie does match the quality of such movies as "they" & "cabin fever", but even those had name actors where this one fell short. the "eye candy" of this movie looked to be a 50 woman with a bad face lift. (just an example of the quality). i would have rated this movie in the negative if possible. ladies i have to tell you that the men were not bad to look at, but not much either. if you were planning on going to see this movie i would strongly recommend saving your money.

you know you're in trouble when the opening narration basically tells you who survives. it all goes downhill from there. unnecessary, "matrix"-influenced bullet-time camera work. pointless cuts to video game footage. crusty old sea captains and wacky seamen. ravers who become skilled combatants in the blink of an eye. even the zombies are boring.i was hoping for at least a "so bad it's good" zombie movie, but this one is "so bad those involved with its creation should be barred from ever making a movie again".

the house of the dead was the worst movie i have ever seen, between the pathetic 'matrix' 360 camera angle attemps and the cheesy acting i fell asleep. i don't think that the director and set manager could decide whether it was raining or not, because there would be rain on one side of the boat and not the other. i would rate this movie a 1 out of 10, (10 being the best, 1 being the worst). also jumping scenes from the movie to the game was really annoying, it makes you wonder if they were just making up for lose time. i beg anyone who reads this, not to see it. it's not worth the time.

the thing about calling "house of the dead" the worst movie of all time is that it's really not. there are worse movies out there. i watch alot of hong kong ninja movies that are basically the result of an unfinished japanese police drama having footage of ninjas inserted at the end to create something that could technically be called "a movie."house of the dead is however one of the worst films i've ever seen at the theatres. walking out half way through, i actually felt i was somewhat dumber for having set through 45 minutes of this piece of garbage.

it is cheese. if all you want is a video game, complete with what look like straight-from-the-computer cutaway sequences for action the film was too cheap to actually make special effects for, this is it. my friend and i actually had a great time seeing it, since the theatre was mostly empty and we could heckle a bit. this movie really requires heckling.plot? there was a plot? ok, some stupid college or later types get invited to "the rave of the year" and go to one of the san juan islands ("if they'd only stayed back in seattle, they would have survived." - direct quote, or nearly.) to attend. they get there and everyone is gone, and the site is somewhat wrecked (but hey, the keg is still full!). with the help of a crusty old captain and a coast guard woman (who acted only slightly less tough - and slightly less well - than cynthia rothrock), they fight lots of zombies (some which spit acid), get an earful of freaky legends, and mostly get killed. that's about it.it's not quite as bad as demonicus, but not by much, and still better than severed (they are sort of my own personal alpha and omega for bad movies - the former is bad but fun to heckle, and the latter is just too freaking bad to watch more than once). on the other hand, if you're expecting a video game movie as excellent as resident evil, run away!!! run away now!!!ok, some real big questions (without too many spoilers): since when did spanish ships of the 18th century venture into the pacific northwest????? why is anyone in the pacific northwest smuggling guns, and to whom - canada, for crying out loud??? why is a rave on an unnamed (oh, excuse me, it's called "isla del muerto", shya, right) san juan island - and outdoors, still keeping in mind this is the pacific northwet. and the rave has about 30 people in attendance - "the rave of the year," my patoot.lucky thing there's lots of hatchets around. lots of them. everyone has them. must be a hatchet sales outlet nearby.finally, while the movie started out playing with a little "parody" (with nudges at i know what you did and jaws), it didn't carry it through near enough.ok, really finally - when the introductory comments (in a voice-over, no less) casually mention that one of the characters "gave up her boyfriend to focus on her fencing" you can be darn sure there'll be some fencing by the end of the movie. not good fencing, but a couple of people hacking at each other with swords, anyway.

okay, let me start off by saying that nothing in this will come as a surprise to anyone who's read the other comments. that being said, my g-d, this movie reeked! i mean, wow, i didn't know it was possible to throw as much money as they obviously did at something and still come out worse than any roger corman movie! corman was probably pitched this movie at some point but declined due to the poor quality of the script! the only reason this movie got made in the first place is that someone said, 'hey, zombies are popular. video games are popular. what game can we get a hold of that has zombies in it? resident evil? no, someone else got there first. silent hill? no, too silent. people will never sit in a dark room just to be scared silly. hey, didn't sega have a game where people ran around shooting zombies? they're out of the platform biz, we could get that for pennies!'basically they tried their best to make a movie that felt like the video game, even down to shooting the combat as if the characters were actually playing the game.the first and major problem is that the original game was horrid. i mean,bad-movie-merchandising-made-into-a-worse-game-in-two-weeks-and-then-shippe d-out-and-bought-by-morons-and-their-parents-for-christmas horrid. the graphics were boring. the monsters were boring. the levels were boring. the interface was boring. the case was boring. in other words, this was a boring game. and that was the arcade version. the home version was even worse! with the home version, you didn't even get the shotgun to hold in your hand while you were being bored silly by this pointless game! but i digress.the second problem is that they went so far as to actually intercut scenes from actual gameplay during the fight scenes. huh??? didn't the editor have enough confidence in the effects to indicate that there was an actual fight going on? not to mention that every fight was shot from the perspective of a video game, which may explain the tedious use of matrix-style effects. the problem with this is that the game was a first-person shooter (the player proceeds from the pov of the character). maybe that's why they put in the game graphics, to let you know that they were alluding to the game... right, whatever...anyway, the only thing that made this entire experience remotely enjoyable was the fact that everyone in the theatre was making fun of the movie out loud, so my sudden fits of hysterical laughter and general incredulity were taken as commonplace and didn't get me kicked out.to sum up, don't go see this movie! don't even deign to rent it when it comes out on video in a couple of week. run. just run.

i usually try to be professional and constructive when i criticize movies, but my god!!! this was the worst movie i have ever seen. bad acting, bad effects, bad script, bad everything! the plot follows a group of teen cliche's on their way to a rave (that takes place in broad daylight) at a remote island. however, when the group arrives, all they find is an empty dance floor and bloody clothes. determined to find out what happened to the rest of the party-goers, the clan set's off on a mission through a zombie-infested forest. during this crusade, they are aided by a police chick and a sea captain that just happens to have the right number of weapons to give to each of the kids. they also meet up with jonathan cherry and some other survivors. basically the rest of the movie is a collection of poorly directed action sequences including a far too long shootout outside of the "house of the dead." this fight came complete with cheesy hollywood violence, redundant clips from the hotd video game, and sloppy matrix-esque camera rotations. one of the character's even volunteers to sacrifice himself to save the others. why? not because he was noble and brave, but because part of his face got scarred by acid a zombie spat on him after he continued to beat the creature long after it had been disabled! i'm supposed to feel sorry for this guy?!?to sum it all up, there is absolutely no point in seeing this movie unless you want to see for yourself just how terrible it is. the theater i was in was more dead than the zombies on the screen, and i'm sure the money i wasted seeing this piece of sh*t could easily cover the costs it took to make it. grade: f

just like everybody else have said, the acting is awful, no story or whatsoever, poor directing. about the sfx, the 360 degree, matrix style shooting, 1 shoot is stupid enough, but for each characters. i mean come on gimme a break. and what's up with all those video game scenes, just to remind us it's a "video game adaptation"? jesus, they should have fired whoever think up this idea.0.00001/10

if there were a movie that deserved a 0 out of 10, this would be it. 'house of the dead' redefines the term "bad movie". other bad movies, such as 'when a stranger calls' or 'premonition', will actually look much better when compared to 'house of the dead'. the basic "plot" of house of the dead is a group of twenty-somethings travel to a remote island to attend the "rave of the century". when they get there, they only find some tents, a bar, a stage, and some bloody t-shirts. they decide to stay anyway, and they are soon attacked by zombies.there is absolutely nothing redeeming about this movie. it is not entertaining. instead, it is painful to watch because of how terrible it is. the acting is unbelievably bad. in a dvd interview, one of the actors claimed that uwe boll, the director, is not afraid to tell someone when they are doing a good job or a bad job in a scene. this is a blatant lie. the script appears to have been written by an 11-year-old, who decided to include a scene of someone throwing up on a girl's chest and to include the hilarious line, "it smells like someone farted out here." the characters have no personality or depth and they do some of the most moronic things ever seen in a horror movie. somewhere along the way, the characters also magically transform into a swat team to take down the zombies. it's like they don't even have to aim their guns and they automatically shoot the zombies in the head.the scariest thing by far about this movie is the directing. there is something wrong with uwe boll. boll's camera work is astonishingly disjointed. his pans to zombies running through the forest are more silly than menacing. worse yet, boll actually thought it would be a good idea to include small bits of footage from the house of the dead video game into the movie. quite often, and at the most random times, you will suddenly see an animated zombie getting shot. it makes no sense. no one in their right mind would think that was a good idea. it's like boll wants to remind us repeatedly that this movie is supposed to be based on the video game. uwe boll also decided it would be cool to include slow motion 360 degree rotating shots during the action scenes, a la 'the matrix'. unfortunately, he does it way too often and each shot is nauseating. the soundtrack to this movie also boggles the mind. most action scenes are accompanied by loud rap track. this also adds to the ensuing headaches caused by the atrocious 'house of the dead'.'house of the dead' isn't bad because it's based on a video game. in fact, it has very little to do with the video game. it also does not fit into the category of 'so bad that it's good'. it does however fit into the category of 'so bad that it's painful'. this movie just plain sucks. uwe boll should never be let anywhere near another movie set. even his presence will curse a production. to all the directors out there: whenever one of your movies gets a bad review, all you have to do is remember that you didn't make 'house of the dead' and you will feel much better. i will never get those 90 minutes of my life back. to sum it up, words really cannot describe just how bad this movie is. everyone involved in the production of this film, especially uwe boll, should be ashamed of themselves. although what i have said may make 'house of the dead' sound funny, it really isn't. nothing about it is funny. avoid this at all costs.

f*ck me! i've seen some incredibly horrific movies in my time but this takes the p*ss!honestly i can't express in words how bad this film actually is. besides the plot that isn't really there, the comically crap acting, the hilariously dreadful excuses for zombies; you know what, i could go on all day. every little thing in this film is either stupid, pointless, crap or embarrassing. i express to anyone who wants to watch this movie... don't!i'm ashamed to say, i have this on my rack. it's hidden away right at the god damn bottom of the huge pile. i couldn't even give this horse-sh*t excuse for a film away. that's how bad it is.

okay, so i'm not a big video game buff, but was the game house of the dead really famous enough to make a movie from? sure, they went as far as to actually put in quick video game clips throughout the movie, as though justifying any particular scene of violence, but there are dozens and dozens of games that look exactly the same, with the hand in the bottom on the screen, supposedly your own, holding whatever weapon and goo-ing all kinds of aliens or walking dead or snipers or whatever the case may be.it's an interesting premise in house of the dead, with a lot of college kids (loaded college kids, as it were, kids who are able to pay some fisherman something like $1,500 just for a ride after they miss their boat) trying to get out to this island for what is supposed to be the rave of the year. the first thing that comes to mind about house of the dead after watching it is that it has become increasingly clear that modern horror movies have become nothing more than an exercise in coming up with creative ways to get a lot of scantily clad teenagers into exactly the same situations. at least in this case, the fact that they were on their way to a rave excuses the way the girls are dressed. they look badly out of place running around the woods in cute little halter-tops, but at least they thought they were dressed for the occasion.clint howard, tellingly the most interesting character in the film by far, delivers an absolutely awful performance, the greatness of which overshadows every other actor in the movie. i can't stand it when well-known actors change their accents in movies, it is so rarely effective, and howard here shows that it is equally flat to have an well-known actor pretend that he's this hardened fisherman with a raspy voice from years of breathing salty air. he didn't even rasp well. it sounded like he was eating a cinnamon roll before shooting and accidentally inhaled some powdered sugar or something. real tough there, clint! i expected more from him, but then again, he did agree to a part in this mess.once we get to the island, the movie temporarily turns into any one of the friday the 13th movies that took place at camp crystal lake. lots of teenagers played by actors who were way too old for their parts getting naked and then killed. the nudity was impressive, i guess, but let's consider something for a minute. these kids pay almost two grand to get out to this island to go to the rave of the year, find no one, and say, well, who wants a beer! even the guy who pulled that stack of hundreds out of his wallet to get them all over there didn't think anything of it that they found a full bar and not a single solitary person in sight. here you have the input from director uwe boll - there's alcohol! they won't notice that the party they came for consists of no one but themselves!so not only do they start drinking, not minding the fact that the whole party seems to have vacated the island, but when one of the girls goes off into the dark woods to find out where everyone is (dragging one other girl and one of the guys reluctantly along), the guy and the girl who stay behind to get smashed decide that it would be a great idea to strip down for a quickie now that they're alone. it's like they expected to find the island empty, and now that they rest of the people that they came over with were gone for a little while, they would have some privacy since there's no one else around. brilliant!now for the things that everyone hated, judging by the reviews that i've read about the movie. yes, intersplicing shots from the video game into the movie, mostly in order to show that, yes, the movie was being faithful to/directly copying the video game. sure, it was a stupid idea. i can't imagine who thought up that little nugget, but worse than that is the matrix-style bullet time scenes that were thrown in over and over and over and over. after the first time (at which point i found it pretentious and cheesy for a movie like this to have a shot like that as though it was something original) it is noticeable more for the technique of the shot itself rather than any dramatic meaning or creation of any kind of tension for the film.one of the things that makes a zombie film scary and gets you on the edge of your seat is to have them slowly but relentlessly coming after the living humans, who are much faster but getting tired, running out of places to run, and with a terrifying shortage of things with which to fight the zombies off with. the first two are done right in the movie, the kids are terrified and don't have a lot of places to run since they're on an island, but since they caught a ride over with a smuggler, they find themselves heavily armed. and i mean that very strongly. i mean, these people have everything from machine guns to hand grenades, which removes most of the tension of the impending walking dead.then you have what i call the techno-slasher scene. since the rave never happened, and i guess since uwe boll thought people were going to be disappointed at not hearing any techno music in the movie, there's one scene right in the middle where all the humans are fighting off the living dead, and amazingly enough it turns into something of a music video. there's techno music blasting as the shots are edited together faster and faster until it's nothing but a blur of gory shot, mostly only about 5 frames long (which is about 1/6 of a second) flashing across the screen in time with the speed techno music. clever, i guess, but it has no place in a horror movie because it completely removes any sense of scariness or tension of even the gross-out effect because you can't see any one thing for long enough to react to it. you're just watching these shots fly across the screen and wondering what the hell the director was thinking when he decided that it would be a good idea to put something like this in the movie.i've seen a lot of people compare this movie to resident evil, mostly claiming that it copies the premise of it, and they're exactly right. i appreciate that at least here, as was not the case in resident evil, it wasn't some man-made virus that turned people into walking dead that were able to infect other people, changing them the way vampires turn others into vampires. 28 days later was also clearly an inspiration for this movie, it's just too bad that house of the dead didn't do a single original thing, except for the somewhat moronic idea of putting in quick shots of the video game on which it is based, just in case you forget. i really think that this should have been a much better movie. while obviously i can't say that i know much about the game it's based on, just the title and the movie poster deserve a much better movie, but unfortunately i think that's more often the case than not with horror movies. it's really kind of sad when a movie comes out that is so obviously advertised as a no-holds-barred horror film, and the scariest thing in the entire movie is the closing shot, which suggests the possibility of a sequel.

ok, first of all, i am a huge zombie movie fan. i loved all of romero's flicks and thoroughly enjoyed the re-make of dawn of the dead. so when i had heard every single critic railing this movie i was still optimistic. i mean, critics hated resident evil, and while it may not be a particularly great film, i enjoyed it if not for the fact that it was just a fun zombie shoot-em up with a half decent plot. this however, is pure crap. terrible dialogue, half-assed plot, and video game scenes inserted into the film. who in their right mind thought that was a good idea. the only thing about this movie (i use the term loosely) that i enjoyed was jurgen prochnow as captain kirk (ugh). while his name throws originality out the window, you can see in his performance that he knows he's in a god awful film and he might as well make the best of it. everyone else acts as if they're doing shakespeare. and very badly i might add. basically the only reason anyone should see this monstrosity is if you a.) are a huge zombie buff and must see every zombie flick made or b.) like to play mst3k, the home game. see it with friends and be prepared for tons of unintentional laughs.

laid up and drugged out, as a kidney stone wended its merry way through my scarred urinary tract, with absolutely nothing better to do than let the painkillers swoon me into semi-oblivion, i happened to catch this movie on cable. i wouldn't want anyone to think that i paid to view it in a cinema, or rented it, or – heaven forfend! – that i watched it straight.having played this sensationally gruesome video game and avidly trod the doomed rooms and dread passageways of the house, battling chariot (type 27), the hanged man (type 041), and other impossible sentinels, my curiosity was piqued as to how the game would transfer to the movie screen.it doesn't.the banal plot revolves around a group of "crazy kids" – a la scooby doo – attending a remote island for a world-shaking "rave" – whatever that is. (you kids today with your hula-hoops and your mini-skirts and your pat boone…) after bribing a boat captain thousands in cash to ferry them there (a stupidity which begs its own network of rhetoric), they find the "rave" deserted.passing mention is made of a "house" – presumably the titular house of the dead – but most of the action takes place on fake outdoor sets and other locales divorced from any semblance of haunted residence.a fallen video camera acts as flashback filler, showing the island in the throes of a – party?! is that it? oh, so this "rave" thingy is just a "party"? in the grand tradition of re-euphemizing "used cars" as "pre-owned", or "shell shock" as "post-traumatic stress disorder", the word "party" is now too square for you drug-addled, silicone-implanted, metrosexual jagoffs? it is learned that the party was broken up by rampaging zombies. intelligent thought stops here…i don't think the pinheads who call themselves screenwriters and directors understand the mythos behind zombie re-animation. zombies can't die – they're already un-dead. they do not bleed, they know no pain. unless their bodies are completely annihilated, they will continue being animated. at least, that's what my jamaican witch priestess tells me.which means that a .45 shot into their "hearts" is not going to stop them, nor will a machete to the torso. and a shotgun blast to the chest will certainly not bring forth gouts of blood. at least in the video game's logic, the shooter pumps so many rounds into each monster that it is completely decimated, leaving a fetid mush that cannot re-animate itself.yet each actor-slash-model gets their matrix-circular-camera moment, slaying zombies on all fronts with single bullets and karate chops to the sternum. seriously, these zombies are more ineffective than the stormtroopers from "return of the jedi", who get knocked out when ewoks trip them.i suppose the film's writer, mark altman, having penned the not-too-shabby "free enterprise", felt compelled to insert a captain kirk reference, in the character of jurgen prochnow, who must have needed milk money desperately to have succumbed to appearing in this aromatic dung-swill. there is also a reference to prochnow's primo role in the magnificent "das boot", when one of the untrained b-actors mentions that he "looks like a u-boat captain". ". i wonder how many of this movie's target audience of square-eyed swine picked up on any of the snide references to other films, as when prochnow declares, "say hello to my little friend", presaging his machine gun moment. aimed at a demographic who have not the wherewithal to comprehend the sisyphean futility of the video-game concept (i.e. the game ends when you die – you cannot win), this is merely a slasher film for the mindless and mindless at heart. accordingly, everyone dies in due course, except for a heterosexual pair of attractive white people.a better use for this film's scant yet misused budget might have been to send the cast through acting school, although ona grauer's left breast did a good job, as did her right breast – and those slomo running scenes: priceless! i especially liked the final scene with ona trying to act like she's been stabbed, but looking like she's just eaten ice cream too fast.attempting to do something more constructive with my time, i pulled out my digitally-restored, 35th anniversary, special edition, widescreen anamorphic dvd of "manos: the hands of fate." ah, yes! – the drugs were suitably brain-numbing - now here was some quality film-making…(movie maniacs, visit: www.poffysmoviemania.com)

this is one of the worst films i've seen. the only positive thing i can say is it was so bad that is seemed comical. first off, there's no plot. the actors appear to be reading off cue cards and do the dumbest things. such as being chased by dead people but yet wanting to go out and look for their friends. also the zombies were terrible, no where near as fun as any of romero's work, who gets s plug in the movie. and the dumbest part of all was they kept showing flashes of the video game in the action sequences. like we don't get the video game is about shooting zombies. also, all the 20 somethings some how know how to use automatic weapons and hit a target without even aiming the gun. and the way the people die is so stupid. it's like they run out of ammo so stand around waiting to be jumped on. and when cornered in front of the house they run out of ammo instead of shooting the door open, so dumb.final verdict: if any of these actors appear in another film, then they've been blessed with a second chance. definitely the worst film i've seen in years. a b-movie on cinemax is better.

hoo boy, this was a real trial to get through. the dvd case has tom hanks' mug plastered on it and that is the only reason that anybody would buy it. he looks about forty on the box, however, the movie was made in 1982, so he still has his bosom buddies 'do and of course is about forty pounds lighter. the plot concerns a dungeons and dragons like game that hanks and his three friends play and hanks ends up thinking the whole thing is real. chris makepeace is a boy genius named jay jay and the best thing about the movie is that he wears a succession of funny hats. ooh,look, he has a yellow hardhat on with a tuxedo! now he's dressed like a wwi pilot! this was a truly awful movie but in a bad way. a bunch of vets pop up mostly as parents of the kids. there's anne (i'm honey west, dammit!) francis and louise sorel, who actually looks kind of hot. murray hamilton, the mayor from jaws, has a thankless roll as a cop. wendy crewson, is the love interest for hanks and some blonde guy i have never seen before or since. there is some syrupy music here and there and absolutely no tension or sense of danger or excitement. there is a monster that only hanks can see because he's, you know, nuts. the monster is played by the late, great kevin peter hall, he of predator fame. a friend of mine got this out of the ol' discount bin at mallwart and advised me to chuck it in the trash without even looking at it, so naturally i had to see if it was as bad as all that. it was. the night before, i watched apollo 13, so after that, this movie was a bit of a shock. do yourself a favor and leave it in the bin. oh yeah, after hanks almost jumps from one of the world trade center towers because of his delusions, he goes home to recuperate and is visited by his friends. hanks mother, a drunken vera miles, says he is coming along nicely now but when they walk down to the lake to visit him in his tennis outfit, he is crazier than ever. the end

yes, about the only thing this film is memorable for is that it starred a youngish tom hanks who only a few short years later would be a relevant star in hollywood. here though is not a movie that is going to showcase his talents much at all and the only other thing that might be considered somewhat entertaining about this flick is the scene where he thinks he sees a monsters and runs a guy through. yes, this movie is about the evils of playing a game that makes a group of people use their imaginations and try to come up with interesting scenarios. basically, an after school type special about the evils of the game dungeons and dragons cleverly retitled here as mazes and monsters. apparently, the makers of this film thought that nerds should not have fun of any sort unless they were going to go out and do underage drinking, drugs, having lots of unprotected sex and harass other weaker children like all the popular kids were doing. no, these bad people were playing a game that actually required one to use there brain, heaven's no! not that, if they have a brain they actually may be able to think for themselves and not be brainwashed by certain groups out there. yes, i think this movie is utterly stupid and a waste of time. granted, it could be a movie against addiction, but there are a lot fewer people who died taking dungeons and dragons to far in its entire existence than than say what drunk driving claims in like a month.

the psychology of this movie is really weird to try and figure out. its often billed as an anti-rpg movie, but its really not that simple. here are come apparent contradictions that make me wonder just what (if anything) they're trying to say about gaming.they laboriously introduce all the characters home lives by way of introduction, all of them having parents who are divorced, alcoholic, and totally out of touch with their lives except for the times they're harshly pressuring them to succeed. tom hanks is arguably the worst off, having just failed out of another school and still dealing with a brother who disappeared and may be dead. its mentioned a couple of times that they play the game to work through problems in their real lives. and sure enough, at the end, when they go to see robbie (hanks), they're all happy and well-adjusted, embarking on their adult careers, problems solved, games put away (daniel doesn't even want to design computer games any more), and even robbie's mother, who's been constantly drunk and dissatisfied, is suddenly the happy homemaker, looking fresh and bright and arranging flowers. sure, jj suddenly (and quite cheerfully it seems) decides to commit suicide, but the reason seems to be entirely because he's a lonely boy genius who can't get a date, and not because his character dies, as in the famous jack chick tract (which happens afterward anyways, and it almost seems like he does it on purpose so he can end daniels game and get everyone to come play his. in fact, the prospect of live-action role playing in the caverns seems to be the only thing that saves him from killing himself!) and in what may be the coolest tableau scene in the whole movie, kate, looking very fetching in chain mail, looks right at the camera and says something like, "the scariest monsters are the ones in our own minds." the biggest fantasy element in this movie is the two muggers passing up the rich couple so they can rob the dirty, homeless-looking guy of his magic beans. the recurring theme (a "the way we were" for the 80s)might have been poignant at the end, but as a way to kick off a movie is downright depressing and seems out of place. and for one final mystery, our hero, wearing full pardu regalia, has a psychotic break, becomes his character completely and embarks on his quest, so of course the first thing he does is change into 20-century street clothes. so maybe the movie's irrational, but i guess its dealing with an irrational topic. in those days a circle of kids with dice and pencils was regarded as tainted and possibly possessed, and you could go insane if they spoke their mumbo-jumbo at you. the anti-game paranoia is pretty much summed up in the first scene, where the reporter asks the cop whats going on, the cop says a kids lost in the tunnels and there's a chance mazes and monsters is somehow involved. the reporter admits to being vaguely familiar with the game (although he allows his own children to play it), then turns to the camera and reels off a polished spiel that blames the game for everything and admits no possibility of another explanation. in the end, its no masterpiece, but interesting as made-for-tv movies go.

i didn't even know this was originally a made-for-tv movie when i saw it, but i guessed it through the running time. it has the same washed-out colors, bland characters, and horrible synthesized music that i remember from the 80's, plus a 'social platform' that practically screams "afterschool special". anyhoo.rona jaffe's (thank you) mazes and monsters was made in the heyday of dungeons & dragons, a pen-and-paper rpg that took the hearts of millions of geeks around america. i count myself one of said geeks, tho i have never played d&d specifically i have dabbled in one of its brethren. m&m was also made in the heyday of d&d's major controversy-that it was so engrossing that people could lose touch with reality, be worshiping satan without knowing, blah blah. i suppose it was a legitimate concern at one point, if extremely rare-but it dates this movie horrendously.we meet 4 young college students, who play the aptly named mazes and monsters, to socialize and have a little time away from mundane life. except that m&m as presented is more boring than their mundane lives. none of the allure of gaming is presented here-and jay jay's request to take m&m into 'the real world' comes out of nowhere. it's just an excuse to make one of the characters go crazy out of nowhere also-though at that point we don't really care. jay jay, robbie, kate and daniel are supposed to be different-but they're all rich waspy prigs who have problems no one really has.but things just continue, getting worse in more ways than one. the low budget comes dreadfully clear, (i love the 'entrance' sign and cardboard cutout to the forbidden caverns) robbie/pardu shows why he's not a warrior in the oafiest stabbing scene ever, and the payoff atop the 'two towers' is unintentionally hilarious. tom hanks' blubbering "jay jay, what am i doing here?" made me laugh for minutes on end. definitely the low point in his career.don't look at it as a cogent satire, just a laughable piece of 80's tv trash, and you'll still have a good time. that is, if you can stay awake. the majority is mostly boring, but it's all worthwhile for pardu's breakdown at the end. at least tom hanks has gotten better. not that he could go much worse from here.

when the film started the first 4 minutes seemed like a travelogue of california, i was wondering if i got the tapes mixed up. then i breathed a sigh of relief to see paul thomas in a scene with the lovely joanna storm and laurie smith. this is being spied on by jimmy (a young tom byron). jimmy's aunt (honey wilder) is concerned about his behavior so she hires him a private teacher (kay parker). i could do without the animal, robot role-playing, or the incest aspects.there's one good sex scene, between byron and parker, but it's not good enough to save this film.my grade: d+

one can deal with historical inaccuracies, but this film was just too much. practically nothing was even close to truth, and even for the era, it was seen as silly.in defense of ford, it was revealed on an old talk show, that he was operating on the story as told to him by the real wyatt earp, who was obviously old, senile, and replayed the scene his own way. earp told the director about the stagecoach, and how it was planned to happen during the stagecoach arrival, so despite what other historians claim, wyat himself asserts that it was premeditated.this movie portrays earp as an honest man, and also his brothers. history doesn't exactly say they were or weren't. most people like to interject a bit of deceit and lawlessness into their characters, but that is nothing new. the truth is probably closer to them being the law abiding sorts of gunfight at the ok corral. men who saw it as a career, and believe me, in the old west, you didn't have time to think about too much else.characters that don't exist, characters depicted dying at the corral who really didn't, all make this a weaker film. it is further weakened by mature, who really didn't make a convincing doc. he may be the worst cast choice ever for doc, but at the same time we must remember that older movies were closer to the era and closer to a feel for the truth. after all, ford did get information first hand from wyatt earp.it is also weakened by the all so predictable events involving the mexican girl. hollywood was very pro nazi in those days, and ready to kill off brunette women in very predictable fashion to show their patronage to hitler idealism. this occurs in most movies until the eighties. it is no excuse, and does cheapen the art, however.the actors who play the earps do well, and brennan is always a thrill. in fact, mature may be the only acting downside of this flick. still, it is the weakest of the old ok corral movies.

this video guide was the masterpiece of the year 1995. beautifully done! matthew perry and jennifer aniston have major on-screen chemistry when they talk about what the start button does. i'm waiting for microsoft to release a special edition dvd complete with deleted scenes, bill gates commentary, a documentary of how windows 95 compares to windows xp, and more!overall: 10/10 (should have won at least a golden globe)

i refused to watch this when it originally aired, treasuring the memory of the late, lamented 1960s series with mike pratt and kenneth cope, but i can never resist a challenge. i should have known better. not quite a remake, and more of a parody than a homage, this show didn't quite know how to play it, and plumped with infantile comedy and cartoon plots and characters. the three main characters were little more than caricatures of the actors, and only emilia fox could act (bob mortimer is painful in a straight role). the supporting cast were merely comedian-acquaintances of vic and bob's wanting to be part of the in-joke, and far too aware of the situation to be convincing. and the cgi, though the effects couldn't help be an improvement on those available 30 years earlier, merely dazzled the viewer with lights and camera work, and did little to mask the poor quality of the scripts and dialogue. all style and no substance. (and whereas the 1960s show is mocked for being very much of its time, this 'update' is now also very dated, with 'matrix'-style fashions, obligatory 'girl power' scenes, and less than subtle tension between the two living leads.)

"the bank" (1915, chaplin) "the bank" was one of charlie's 1915 essanay films. while these group of films are more watchable than their 1914 counterparts, this one seems a bit below average. the gag with the janitorial double combo-locked vault and the tough-luck ending that has charlie waking up from a dream, in which he is stroking the lead lady's hair, only to be stroking the head of a mop he had used as a quasi pillow, are both classic chaplin moments. they are both ironically the beginning and the end. the middle is filled in with fighting with the rival co-worker janitor and busting up a bank robbery to win the girl. the mop is probably the greatest physical prop of this movie and charlie uses it to expert comedic effect whether while it is the intention of his character or not. the mop seems to be charlie's alter-ego doing things he wishes he could do but wouldn't with his own two hands. interesting stuff but there's better.

we've all seen this story a hundred times. you can see each plot turn coming a mile away. the relationship between the mother and daughter is way too sweet and understanding to pass for realistic. janet mcteer's performance is stock southern hot- ticket mother in vintage clothes. should have been made for the lifetime channel.

while watching the film, i'm not sure what direstion it was to take. there's a reason a writer shouldn't direct his work and even act in it as well, you can't do it all. i felt the story really suffered in this film due to the director wearing so many hats. ms. mcteer is the film. to add to her amazing talents, her portrayal of this woman was why i was engaged. here is a british actress who can do anything. in my view, conflict is what makes drama and a great story. i felt this film didn't have that. everything was somewhat easy for the characters, there were no real obstacles preventing the chahracters from getting what they wanted. watch the film for the sweetness, but most of all for ms. mcteer's brilliant performance.

disappointing, predictable film in which a woman (mc teer) travels with her daughter from state to state because she can't maintain relationships and find happiness. in this genre 'anywhere but here' starring susan sarandon and natalie portman gave a much better insight into a mother/daughter relationship. with better acting as well.

i rented this movie roughly 4-5 years ago and was instantly disappointed.i wanted to see a b-movie slasher flick, but ended up with a fecal matter for my eyes. the acting was similar to watching grass dry. i've seen better acting in a softcore film...the idea that a crazy killer comes out of nowhere baffled me. how was this a horror movie?this movie's production value, was laughable at best. there were no scares. it seemed like a high school student got a new video camera for christmas. the plot was all over the place, if existent. if you are bored looking for a bad horror movie to rent, skip this one. there are much better b-movies out there.

please do not let the cover of this movie fool you. and if you're looking for a cheap horror movie to laugh at: this isn't it. usually i will go for stupid if it's funny, but this stupid was so stupid it almost (or possibly did) make me stupid.the film quality is better than a handheld, but not by much, and it's quite possible the music was created by pressing the samba 2 key on a casio keyboard. these problems should never really be a deterent from seeing a horror movie but add this amazing (weep) cast, and you have a real humdinger.the story is about a guy who invites his friends up to his family cabin in texas for the weekend. he also extends the invitation to his lady crush in his office. on the way there they meet a female in distress, who is then invited to come along by the other girls.the stay at the cabin includes sex and nudity and soon everyone's panties are in a bunch when one girl disappears and odd items turn up in the house.from there you (the audience) and the morons, um, actors, try to figure out what's going on and they soon begin to distrust one another. overall i think i have made it sound better than it is. the main struggle with this movie is that the characters are very underdeveloped, the plot contrived, the acting bad and the motivations clueless. once more this could be forgiveable it it was the least bit funny but alas, it is not.the twist ending is only a twist in that no one would guess it simply because if you really thought back through the movie it would not have made sense anyway. please don't let this review stop you from seeing the shear wonderment of this movie. (woah, my nose just grew eight inches.)

poorly-made "blaxploitation" crime-drama aimed squarely at the black urban market of the early 1970s. pam grier stars in the title role, that of a nurse who becomes a one-woman vigilante after drug-dealing thugs make coffy's little sister a junkie. violent nonsense plods along doggedly, with canned energy and excitement; only grier's flaring temper gives the narrative a jolt (she's not much of an actress here, but she connects with the audience in a primal way). not much different from what charles bronson was doing at this time, the film was marketed and advertised as crass exploitation yet still managed to find a sizable inner-city audience. today however, it's merely a footnote in '70s film history, and lacks the wide-range appeal of other movies in this genre. *1/2 from ****

far from providing the caffeine kick you'd expect from a film that shares its name with the most energy-boosting of warm beverages, coffy clunks about and never really rises above being just a ropey revenge tale. indeed, if the movie was a cup of coffee, it'd be rather weak and watery, littered with a few undesirable dregs and lacking in a lingering aftertaste. sporadically it hits the spot, but otherwise it isn't the hot action-drama it hopes to be.plot-wise, coffy is a nurse who takes the law into her own hands and delivers hard justice to the drug-pushing, lady-pimpin', mob-suckers that hooked her younger sister into a depraved, sick state. socio-political commentary on the plight of urban black youths in america is prominent in coffy, and it makes for some thought-provoking stuff as coffy crusades against the political corruption and white establishment racism that profits and acts as a parasite off the targeted afro-american minorities. sadly, the timely messages are undermined by the film's poor quality and lack of focus. coffy's ideas are important, it's just that they are not well-aimed.one of the plus points of coffy is the presence of blaxploitation icon pam grier. grier goes at her role with gusto and makes for an appealing action heroine as she shotguns down the scum in her often spectacular acts of vigilante violence (how do you deal with a house full of hoods? drive the car right through the front door!). it's just a shame that the storyline wavers on occasions, wasting time squeezing as much sexual exploitation as possible. the low budget can't have helped, but neither does the fact that for a blaxploitation flick, coffy lacks groove. just as the issues are undermined by the lack of quality, consequently the entertainment and excitement are also skewered by moments of dullness and misdirection.the total result is workmanlike and wooden. we get a hip heroine but not a hip movie. it's a shame as coffy has its moments and should rightly be regarded as a key film in the blaxploitation craze; it just never ascends above being an average, lukewarm number.

pam grier stars as coffy. she's a nurse who seeks revenge, on the drug dealers who got her sister hooked on bad heroine. like any 70s blaxploitation flick, you can expect to see the racist bad guys get their just desserts. there were scores of these films made during the 70s, and they were really demeaning to both black and white audiences alike. this is mainly due to the vicious racial hostility in these films, and the degrading, stereotypical characters. especially the female characters. other common threads between coffy, and other films of its type, include brutal violence, corrupt cops, car chases, a generous abundance of nudity, and sex-crazed gorgeous women. not to mention urban ghettos populated by drug-dealers, pimps, mobsters, and other criminal scum.pam grier, was the undisputed queen of 70s blaxploitation heroines. she was magnificent, being both tough-as-nails, and drop-dead gorgeous. like in her other films, pam outshines the other characters, in coffy. in fact, pam is so charismatic on screen, that these sorts of films are unwatchable, without her as the main character. if you like pam grier, you're better off seeing her other films, like foxy brown, or perhaps friday foster. these films have much less empty sleaze, than coffy does. pam's character in coffy, degrades herself way too much to get the bad guys. pam's characters in her other blaxploitation films, don't stoop as low to get revenge, as coffy did. i'd say, only watch coffy, if you're unable to see any of pam grier's other films. otherwise, coffy is a waste of time. only pam's talent as an actress, makes viewing coffy bearable.

just about everything in this movie is wrong, wrong, wrong. take mike myers, for example. he's reached the point where you realize that his shtick hasn't changed since his snl days, over ten years ago. he's doing the same cutesy stream-of-consciousness jokes and the same voices. his cat is painfully unfunny. he tries way to hard. he's some weird type a comedian, not the cool cat he's supposed to be. the rest of the movie is just as bad. the sets are unbelievably ugly --- and clearly a waste of millions of dollars. (cardboard cut-outs for the background buildings would have made more sense than constructing an entire neighborhood and main street.) alec balwin tries to do a funny great santini impression, but he ends up looking and sounding incoherent. there's even an innapropriate cheesecake moment with faux celebrity paris hilton --- that sticks in the mind simply because this is supposed to be a dr. seuss story. avoid this movie at all costs, folks. it's not even an interesting train wreck. (i hope they'll make horton hears a who with robin williams. then we'll have the bad-seuss movie-starring-spasitc- comedian trilogy.)

there are plenty of comments already posted saying exactly how i felt about this film so ill keep it short."the grinch" i thought was marvellous - jim carrey is a truly talented, physical comedian as well as being a versatile clever actor (in my opinion). mike myers on the other hand gets his laughs by being annoying. i used to like him very much in his "waynes world" and "so i married an axe murderer" days - but ive never been fond of austin powers and "the cat in the hat" has just finished me off. this film was horrible - the gags were horrible! inappropriate for children not only in adult content but in the fact that some of them were so dated they havent amused anyone for 50 years! the plot was messy, messy, messy! its a shame really because the children were very likeable as was "mom". they probably could have picked a better villain than alec baldwin - but he could have pulled it off if it weren't for myers ugly, revolting over-acted portrayal of the cat.i mean - did myers even glance at a script? was one written? the other actors seemed to have one - but the cat just seemed to be winging it!on the other hand i would like to mention that the sets and props were marvellous!!! but unfortunately they cant save this film.poor dr seuss - the man was a genius! dont ruin his reputation by adapting his work in a such a lazy, messy way!!!1/10

bad. bad. bad. those three lines sum up this crappy little film that can only attract idiot children and their parents to the cinema. and its... #1 movie in america! what is this country thinking? mike myers looking more like micheal jackson. some chineese lady that falls asleep within 3 minutes. a lame plot with dirty jokes. it's grotesuque and awful. when green-eggs and ham comes out in 2005 i'll be so happy! (not) eddie murphy and tracy morgan will probably play two hipsters trying to find the lost green-eggs and ham. they'll try to chase sam-i-am and that mean guy who are running away with it. (i hope they don't ruin the classic book.) don't waste time and money by seeing this.

this movie has made me upset! when i think of cat in the hat. im thinking of cat in the hat books. you know, the one from a few years back that parents read to thier children. well, i though that this movie would be a lot like that! but much to my suprise was nothing like the books! insted it is more like young adult humor movie. in one part cat is talking to a gardening tool (hoe) cat talks to it like it is his hoe (agin adult humor). the naming of his car i all so though was a little untastful for a kids movie. under the rating you'll find: mild cude humor and some double-entendres. i think in short this means adult humor. i wish i could return this movie! wal-mart said they wouldn't because the movie has been opened. if you are thinking about buying this i suggest that maybe rent before you buy.

the cat in the hat is just a slap in the face film. mike myers as the cat in the hat is downright not funny and mike myers could not have been any worse. this is his worst film he has ever been in. the acting and the story was just terrible. i mean how could they make the most beloved stories by dr. seuss be made into film and being one of the worst films of all-time and such a disappointment. i couldn't have seen a more worst film than this besides, maybe baby geniuses. but this film is just so bad i can't even describe how badly they made this film. bo welch should be fired or the writer should. hedeen's outlook: 0/10 no stars f

inappropriate. the pg rating that this movie gets is yet another huge misstep by the mpaa. whale rider gets a pg-13 but this movie gets a pg? please. parents don't be fooled, taking an elementary school child to this movie is a huge mistake. there were numerous times i found myself being uncomfortable not just because the humor was inappropriate for kids, but also because it was totally out of the blue and unnecessary.but all that aside, the cat in the hat is still a terrible movie. the casting and overall look of the movie are the only saving graces. the beautiful kelly preston and the always likeable (or hateable in this case) alec baldwin are both good in their roles even though preston is almost too beautiful for a role like this. the kids are conditioned actors and it shows, especially with dakota fanning. fanning is the only human aspect of the film that kept me watching and not throwing things at the screen.did i mention there was an oversized talking cat in this movie? mike myers is absolutely deplorable. i didn't like him as the voice of shrek, and i truly believe now that myers should not be allowed near the realm of children's films ever again. his portrayal of the cat is a slightly toned down version of fat bastard and austin powers.in the end, the cat should not have come, he should have stayed away, but he came, even if just for a day, he ruined 82 minutes of my life, 82 minutes of personal anger and strife.the cat in the hat may be the worst kids movie ever.

mean spirited, and down right degrading adaptation to the classic children's tale not only lacks the charm of its forefather but lacks any talent what so ever. mike myers should not only be ashamed of himself for his horrible performance that is a clear rip off of what jim carrey did but he should give up acting all together. he is so annoying that you would want to beat the crap out of him if you were able to jump right in the film. the sets are ugly and the cinematography is very poor. i have seen a lot of bad film this year, but this not only takes the cake but it is with out a doubt one the worse films ever made.

well the previews looked funny and i usually don't go to movies on opening night especially with my kids because ......well you never know. here is a movie that doesn't appeal either to children or adults as the jokes are too perverse for children and falls completely flat for entertainment purposes for adults. i was actually embarrassed to be with my 9 and 6 year old and having to explain to my 6 year old what s h * t spells. essentially what happens here is a total twisting of dr. seuss's classic. it adds an evil and lazy neighbor who wants to marry the children's mother for her money. if that was a subplot, then maybe that would have been fine but it ends up being the major plot around the whole movie and "the cat" plays more of a subplot role in exposing the neighbor to the mom for who he really is. take my advice and read the book and pass on the movie.

from the acting, direction, scriptwriting and art direction this film is just entirely ill conceived and the money would have been better spent on shoes for land mine victims. when did we get so sad that they have to fill a a children's movie with sexual innuendo to keep the parents attention.dr suess is rolling in his grave right now, what with the "dirty ho" "s.h.i.t" and fake erection scenes etc etc etc. its shameful how they trade on the name of suess to get the parents to bring their kids, throw in the profanities to try for the teens and a few sad parents who won't watch a a film with their child if there is no t & a. greed greed and more greed.compare this to the classic children's films and we can get a disturbing view of world is turning into. these guys should stick to making mtv videos. how on earth this movie got >400 votes as a perfect 10 is beyond me. (unless its the directors family)

this movie was physically painful to sit through, maybe because (like many people my age, and younger) i grew up with dr. seuss and loved his books - funny, clever, whimsical and subversive at the same time. "the cat in the hat" sucks all of the interest and spark out of the story, and mike myer's performance as the cat is mostly bewildering. why the borscht belt accent, the unfunny patter, the inappropriate jokes, the charmless costume? i had to go back and re-read the books to see the real problem: the books are simple. this movie is overblown and way, way too long.you don't expect every kids' movie to be toy story or the iron giant, but this one set a new low. how could mike myers need the money?

if you liked the grinch movie... go watch that again, because this was no where near as good a seussian movie translation. mike myers' cat is probably the most annoying character to "grace" the screen in recent times. his voice/accent is terrible and he laughs at his own jokes with an awful weasing sound, which is about the only laughing i heard at the theater. not even the kids liked this one folks, and kids laugh at anything now. save your money and go see looney tunes: back in action if you're really looking for a fun holiday family movie.

the only good thing about this unfunny dreck is that i didn't have to pay for it. i saw it for free at college. and if a college student can't find humor in something that was free, it's hopeless.stale acting and poor jokes cannot be masked by an excellent, yet bewildering set design (that goes out of its way to market volkswagon beetles). i don't know what michaels myers was doing in this movie, but i have never seen anything more depressing. this was nothing more than a blatant effort to capitalize on the previous success of the grinch (which has its opponents, but i enjoyed it very much). it's difficult not to sit through this failure and wonder what better projects were passed over to fund it.you want a funny seuss adaptation? go with the grinch.

audrey, i know you truly cherish your husband ted's memory but please do his legacy justice and heed his wishes. dr. seuss refused to license his characters during his lifetime for a very good reason. we beg of you to please stop cashing in on his stories, images, fantasies and characters. they are getting disemboweled by the powers that be of hollywood and broadway. the children of tomorrow will be stuck with these histrionic and grotesque interpretations that will forever pollute the loving warmth and innocence of his books.it is indeed your property to do with as you wish. i just wish you would listen to the advice of others for a little while. save what is left of dr. seuss. thank you.

film critics of the world, i apologize. it is your job to give advice to the moviegoing public so that they can wisely choose what to spend money on. but i ignored your advice and i have been deeply hurt. however, my decision to see "the cat in the hat" wasn't made haphazardly. you see, three years ago all of you critics said that we should all avoid the "calamity" known as "how the grinch stole christmas". then some friends of mine took me to see it and it turned out to be a colorful, funny and almost hypnotic yuletide treat. so when the critics unleashed their fury against "the cat in the hat", another big budget seuss update with a big name star in the title role, i thought that it must be the same old song. how wrong i was.for five whole minutes i thought i was in the clear. the opening credits are clever, the kids are charming and the production values are top notch. then the cat showed up. there are many problems from this point on, but the biggest one was the woeful miscasting of mike myers. where "the grinch" was saved by the inspired casting of jim carrey, "the cat" was destroyed by myers. he can be very funny when his energies are applied where they belong, comic sketches. every movie he's made that was truly funny was really just a feature length comedy sketch, from "wayne's world" to "austin powers". so he tries to do the same thing here, it's just that these comedy sketches are more like the stuff that they stick at the end of snl, not funny, just painful. not that the writers helped him out any. after the charming prologue the movie turns into an hour of repulsive bodily humor gags, poorly timed pratfalls and insultingly stunted attempts at hip humor. this movie was the most disheartening cinematic experience i have ever had. period. so much talent and work went into something so vile. i know that the adult stars of this movie will be relatively unscathed by this mess, i just hope that the wonderful spencer breslin and dakota fanning will get more chances to show their charms in far better movies. if you are a parent, please avoid this like the plague. with movies like "elf" and "brother bear" currently in theaters, you have far better choices.

don't get me wrong, i assumed this movie would be stupid, i honestly did, i gave it an incredibly low standard to meet. the only reason i even saw it was because there were a bunch of girls going (different story for a different time). as i began watching i noticed something, this film was terrible. now there are two types of terrible, there's freddy vs. jason terrible, where you and your friends sit back and laugh and joke about how terrible it is, and then there is a movie like this. the cat in the hat failed to create even a momentary interest in me. as i watched the first bit of it not only was i bored senseless, but i felt as though i had in some way been violated by the horrendousness of said movie. mike myers is usually brilliant, i love the majority of his work, but something in this movie didn't click. one of the things that the director/producers/writers/whatevers changed was that they refused to use any of the colors of the original book (red, black, white) on any character but the cat. coincidentally or not, they also refused to capture any of the original (and i hate to use this word, but it fits) zaniness of the original. the book was like an ice cream sunday, colorful and delicious, and the movie was about as bland and hard to swallow as sawdust.avoid this like a leprous prostitute.

there is no way to avoid a comparison between the cat in the hat and the grinch who stole christmas, so let's get that part out of the way. first of all, let me start by saying that i think grinch was an underrated and unappreciated film. cat was... well, just awful.jim carey was cast because he is a brilliant physical comedian, and fearlessly commits to over the top, outrageous characters. mike myers fell back on his old bag of tricks.why, why, why mike myers?? the kids could care less, and the austin powers demographic isn't going to spy this film. so, what was the studio thinking?the cat was also apparently related to linda richmond. can we talk? why a new york accent? not entirely consistent with anything dr. seuss has ever written. myers was even allowed to sneak in his scottish shtick. i wonder how many different voices the director and the studio tried to edit out of before they just gave in and said "as long as you don't say fahklempt', you can keep the accents." meyers never seemed to find any sort of comfort, either with the costume, make-up, or dialogue.the jokes, what few there were, were crude and age inappropriate. when myers picks up a garden hoe and delivers to the camera: "dirty ho", everything but the rim shot was missing, and even that wouldn't have helped.the same folks who created 'whoville', clearly had a hand in the creation of the town and the houses in 'cat'. the sets and props were very appealing, giving the viewer a much needed distraction from the bad writing, direction, and myers.there was some fun to be had with alec baldwin and kelly preston. dakota fanning was the only actor who seemed to be aware she was in a movie based on a dr. seuss classic, and stayed true to the genre.call the spca. this cat should be neutered and never be allowed to reproduce again. please, please, no sequel.

as a veteran of many, many pretentious french films i thought i'd taken the worst the industry had to offer and was able to stomach anything. but not this. pointless, relentless, violent, unpleasant, meaningless ... the film has nothing to offer and is random hatred and aggression dressed up as pretentious art. avoid at all costs.

in modern day eastern europe life is hard and for young women prostitution is one of the only career options and one taken, reluctantly, by melania. she attracts the attentions of an american, seymour, who becomes obsessed with her, paying more and more money for time with her until he eventually wants to buy her outright. she has two pimps with differring emotional attachments to her and she is generally passed around like some piece of baggage with no feelings of her own. however, we are in "modern art-house cinema" territory, so conventions like narrative structure, lighting the subject so it can be seen, camera techniques that add to rather than distract from the action and a vaguely consistent plot can all be abandoned. much of the time i had no idea what was supposed to be happening and very rarely did i care. people began leaving the screening almost before the last latecomers had arrived and i don't think i've ever seen so many people walk out.images are important to the director - characters slowly emerge from or disappear into a dark screen, we get long lingering shots of nothing in particular and one sex scene takes place in infra-red. in fact for such an unconventional film the sex scenes were remarkably ordinary; missionary positions between naked people in bed abounded and there were no drugs or related weirdness. but perhaps these days being ordinary is unconventional.on the whole, almost entirely without merit.

beautifully photographed and ably acted, generally, but the writing is very slipshod. there are scenes of such unbelievability that there is no joy in the watching. the fact that the young lover has a twin brother, for instance, is so contrived that i groaned out loud. and the "emotion-light bulb connection" seems gimmicky, too.i don't know, though. if you have a few glasses of wine and feel like relaxing with something pretty to look at with a few flaccid comedic scenes, this is a pretty good movie. no major effort on the part of the viewer required. but italian film, especially italian comedy, is usually much, much better than this.

pretty crazy whodunit featuring an all black cast trying to figure out who murdered the philandering trumpet player who was just about to go to hollywood to make it big. was it his wife? his girlfriend? his would-be-girlfriend? her father? his butler? the newspaper guy? who knows? and who cares? the result of this is just a little underwhelming, and the actors here don't really get me in a mood to care one way or another finding out. why snake venom as a weapon? who knows? who cares? the music in this is alright, but there's little of it, and most of it is pretty "let's get this over with" this isn't worthy of your time. there are better all-black casted movies out there.

this had to be one of the most god awful wrestlemanias ever and is only saved by 2 matches. the hardcore match between edge and mick foley, also vince mcmahon against shaun michaels. the main event between cena and triple h was a complete washout and to be honest i nearly fell asleep it was so actionless, the casket match was not worthy of having the undertaker appear in it and the match between the boogie man and booker t was a complete joke. if you are really a big fan of the wwe and have missed the early days of the wwf and the wrestlemanias 17 and 19 you'll probably love this. but i found that this wrestlemania left a lot to be desired.

if there was some weird inversed oscar academy awards festival this flick would win it all. it has all the gods, excellent plot, extreme special effects coupled with extremely good acting skills and of course in every role there is a celebrity superstar. well, this could be the scenario if the world was inversed, but it's not. instead it's the worst horror flick ever made, not only bad actors that seem to read the scripts from a teleprinter with bad dyslexia, but also extremely low on special effects. for example the devil costume (which by the way is a must-see), is something of the most hilarious i've ever seen. whenever i saw that red-black so called monster on screen i couldn't hold my laugh back. and to top of things it looked like the funny creature was transported by a conveyor-belt.do not do the same mistake as i did. checking imdb seeing that the movie was released in 2003, had less than five votes and thinking: -"well, it's worth a shot, can't be that bad".yes it could.i'm not even going to waste more words on this movie.

this movie seemed like it was going to be better than it ended up being. the cinematography is good, the acting seemed solid, the dialogue wasn't too stiff... but then about twenty minutes in there's this long scene with a doctor who you know is actually a patient at the asylum pretending to be a doctor - and it just goes south from there.on top of that, the demon is about the silliest looking hellspawn since the godzilla-looking thing in curse of the demon. there's also some odd demon worshippers who wear masks that look like the exploding teens from the beginning of logan's run.in the end, the cinematography couldn't save this movie. despite some pretty solid performances by the actors, the story just doesn't go anywhere. i think "hellbored" would have been a better title for this.

i just watched this movie. in one word: sucky! the story is bad, the acting is, if possible, even worse. the movie has one or two nice moments, but thats it and having those two small good moments, doesn't make up for anything in between, before or after those moments. a montrocity of a movie, not even worth watching on tv...

james bishop (matt stasi) goes to a `mental illness facility' for a medical residence assignment with dr. mccort (bruce paynes). there, he realizes that many interns are being killed by `the ripper', who takes their souls to the devil, in a cult promoted by dr. mccort. this story is so absurd and imbecile that it is impossible to write a summary. the dialogs are so ridiculous, specially when the character of helen, the blonde fiancé of james bishop arrives in the asylum, that it is almost unbelievable that a writer has had the courage to include them in a screenplay. and what about the return of james to the hospital to bring the files of the dead patients? and the cast, composed of ham actors and actresses? honestly, i do not know what or who is the worst in this film: the screenplay, the director or the cast. the correct answer certainly is all of them. i saw this flick on cable television, and i am astonished how can a producer spend money in such a garbage. this horror movie becomes very funny considering the absurd of the plot. my vote is three.title (brazil): `demônio' (`devil')

can a-pix ever, ever, ever do anything right? this movie was meant to be seen on tv in a letterbox format. since a-pix doesn't even believe in pan and scan, we see whole scenes where a shoulder on the left side of the screen talks to a shoulder on the right side. of course, not that you are missing much. this movie is incredibly bad. it's very hard to enjoy a film where characters are screaming at the top of their lungs during 80% of the movie for no reason.

here's a horror version of priscilla: queen of the desert (they wish!) starring melinda/mindy (return of the living dead 3) clarke as candy, a desert dweller who pulls off a bank heist with boyfriend johnny (jason durr). he ends up in a south-of-the-border prison run by the sadistic chief screw (an overacting robert englund in a toupee). she and her beloved pet poodles end up in hiding at a gas station convent until they're transformed by a newly fallen meteor. the dogs turn into obnoxious drag queen "bitches" and candy develops a very long, talking, killing forked tongue she can't control. thugs looking for the stolen loot and other assorted numbskulls add extra complications.first off, clarke is fantastic and makes what there is to make of this movie. you watch her and see someone very funny during the slapstick scenes, very convincing during the horror scenes and very sexy in various wigs and disguises, including an eye-popping, skin tight latex bodysuit...and wonder how come this actress isn't a huge star. it's too bad the rest of this cult attempt doesn't live up to her promise.blame director/scripter sciamma, who thinks the outlandish premise alone is enough to sustain laughs...but his vulgar gags, annoying supporting characters and stupid dialogue are no substitute for a real sense of humor. another nail in the coffin; the film looks cheap, lots of garish colors and sets are strangely muted by muddy photography and the dusty desert locales. luckily for sciamma that clarke is in his film, because she alone keeps you watching.

former brat pack actor and all round pretty boy rob lowe stars in a film set in a high security american prison . i had a gut feeling his character was going to be popular for all the wrong reasons like tobias in the first series of oz , but proximity isn`t that kind of film , it`s more like a " man on the run " film like the fugitive . it also makes a nod to the themes of punishment and justice with james coburn putting in a cameo as the spokesman for a justice for victims pressure group but any intelligent discussion on how society should treat criminals is completely ignored as the film degenerates into tired old cliches of shoot outs and car chases

ben stiller doesn't so much act as react. and he does it very well. he is very dependent on the comedy going on around him. in there's something about mary, the stand-up hair scene only works because of stiller trying to keep a straight face. when he confronts mary's other two suitors, he is the unfunniest guy in the room but the scene is hilarious.in along came polly, the formula breaks down for reasons that are difficult to fathom. stiller is surrounded by an array of comic talent. hank azaria and philip seymour hoffman get the best lines, of which there are too few. having said that, hoffman relies a little too much on bodily humour - you know we are in trouble when they go to the fart jokes to raise a laugh. a basketball scene where hoffman hams it up is completely overplayed (though it throws up one predicament in the form of a shirtless opponent that does raise a smile - noticeably through stiller's reaction). however, everyone seems to be acting in a bubble, there is very little reaction. hoffman and stiller's characters could have played off each other much, much more. aniston again reprises her rachael role, but stiller is no ross. it is more of a "joey with a crush on rachael" scenario.polly is a by-the-numbers rom-com and that is its failing - it lacks heart. you don't root for the characters. with a little bit more work we could have had a deeper story, but in the end the film's failure comes down to poor writing. worth watching if it pops up on tv on a slow night, but you'll regret forking out cash to see it.

considering the potential this move had, the reality was disappointing. while it's always nice to see jennifer aniston in a movie, even that couldn't turn this around. most of the action was predictable. the jokes were flat to mildly amusing. and the characters were not very interesting. i wanted to like this film, but it just never happened. ben stiller was hilarious in "there's something about mary". here it looks like he's just going thru the motions. if they have to lift plot points from "friends", they should have known something was wrong. the toilet humor should have stayed in the closet :-).watch "50 first dates" instead.

wow! pretty terrible stuff. the richard burton/elizabeth taylor roadshow lands in sardinia and hooks up with arty director joseph losey for this remarkably ill-conceived tennessee williams fiasco. taylor plays a rich, dying widow holding fort over her minions on an island where she dictates, very loudly, her memoirs to an incredibly patient secretary. when scoundrel burton shows up claiming to be a poet and old friend, taylor realizes her time is up. ludicrious in the extreme --- it's difficult to determine if taylor and burton are acting badly or if it was williams' intention to make their characters so unappealing. if that's the case, then the acting is brilliant! burton mumbles his lines, including the word boom several times, while taylor screeches her's. she's really awful. so is noel coward as taylor's catty confidante, the "witch of capri." presumably boom is about how fleeting time is and how fast life moves along --- two standard williams themes, but it's so misdirected by losey, that had taylor and burton not spelled it out for the audience during their mostly inane monologues, any substance the film has would have been completely diluted. boom does have stunning photography---the camera would have to have been out of focus to screw up the beauty of sardinia! the supporting cast features joanna shimkus, the great romolo valli as taylor's resourceful doctor and michael dunn as her nasty dwarf security guard...both he and his dogs do a number on burton!

this astonishing waste of production money is filmic proof that the rich and famous can be just as stupid and wasteful as politicians. from a (silly) play by tennessee williams and directed (with a dead hand) by joseph losey and starring taylor and burton and noel coward - this project filmed in a spectacular cliff-top mountain island mansion in the mediterranean must have seemed a sure fire winner when presented to universal in 1967. the result is so absurd and tedious that it almost defies belief. visually the film is spectacular but that is the force of nature that has allowed the setting and the fact that a real home is used instead of a set. the shrill antics of a screeching taylor, burton's half asleep wanderings, the loony dialog, noel coward laughing at himself, the ridiculous story and plot devices and the absurd costuming simply irritate the viewer. boom is a disgrace, a waste of money and talent and clear proof that lauded famous people can be idiots just like the rest of the planet's plebs. not even fun. just terrible and mad shocking waste.

boy, this was one lousy movie! while i haven't seen all of the burton/taylor collaborations, i can say with confidence that this is the worst. this rich but ill woman (taylor, of course) owns this beautiful island in the meditteranean, ruling over a put-upon staff when she's suddenly visited by this traveling poet, who mouths platitudes. in fact, the whole film is just a talk fest, with much of the talk making no sense. even in 1968, no one could make heads or tails of this pretentious nonsense, and the passage of time makes that even more clear. if it weren't for the beautiful cinematography and scenery, it would deserve a negative rating. the only thing this film is good for is its unintentional laughs at the expense of the stars.

"boom" has garnered itself a something of a reputation. with heavyweights taylor, burton, noel coward, tennessee williams and joseph losey, one might be tempted to think, how bad could it be? well, it's a lot worse than you could possibly imagine.the sad and disturbing fact of "boom" is that is seems to signal the decline and fall of the aforementioned heavyweights. it was only director joseph losey who having plummeted the depths with "modesty blaise" and "boom" (some may wish to add "secret ceremony"), managed to recuperate and in 1970 create his best work, the wonderful "go-between".saddest of all is the work of tennesee williams. from the mid forties until the early sixties, williams penned a number of plays which have gained classic status, remaining in theater repertory throughout the world, many becoming much praised films. when william's muse deserted him, probably owing to his notorious substance abuse, it deserted him for good. williams at his best is an actor's dream providing many unforgettable performances. (were ava gardner or deborah kerr ever better than in "night of the iguana" ? ) taylor in particular, shone in both "cat on a hot tin roof" and "suddenly last summer". there is an anecdote in which supposedly taylor asks john gielgud whether he would teach her to play shakespeare, to which he replied "if you will teach me to play tennessee williams". had gielgud seen "boom" he would have held his tongue. taylor simply has never been worse, turning in a cringe inducing performance. despite her face photographing well, she is decidedly podgy. besides the physical decline, from this time onwards she would basically lose credibility as a serious actress with a string of completely forgettable (and worse) roles to her credit.much the same could be said of burton. following his short lived theatrical stardom, he won fame and fortune in hollywood. but the body of his work from this point onwards (1968) would be unremarkable to say the least.noel coward had long ceased being a force in the theater where his drawing room comedies had been replaced by the likes of williams and the british "angry young men". he seems to be enjoying himself camping it up, but barely manages to amuses, that from the man who claimed such a talent.the only cast member who maintains her dignity is young joanna shimkus, who in a few years would forego a promising screen career to become mrs. sidney poitier."boom" reeks of self indulgence; it's simply out of control. a rather sad pointer to careers gone wrong rather than a camp fun fest as some have suggested.

occasionally one is served a new entrée from foreign films. that is their great attraction. they take from life and serve it up raw. american films, rarely dare to touch the forbidden subjects of society. too many hang-ups and a morbid fear of financial failure. the almighty dollar, determines their selections. something which invites european directors. in addition, audiences world wide remain hungry for "different" films, especially those which offer a savory bite out of the wretched, suffering body of humanity. despite the fear of directors or producers, many audiences yearn for beauty, poetry, and the pristine flavor of life. that is what the film "to the left of the father" offers to curious audiences. a family locked in the belief that unity of family stems from the unity of it's obedience to tradition. yet when the patriarch of a family forgets it's members are flesh and blood humans, filled with raging, unbridled dreams and dark passions, then the two are set in motions against itself. selton mello plays andré a son who seeks to control his inner passions with the stagnant philosophy of his father. raul cortez plays his father. simone spoladore is ana a young woman who seeks to quench a forbidden thirst from the family waters. leonardo medeiros is pedro, the elder brother. the film offers much, but does takes an extremely inordinate amount of time to say it. ***

i was always curious about this film because it is so tough to find, so when i stumbled upon it on ebay i forked over the $10 and bought it, now i understand why its so rare! this film is so bad, so terribly written and hopelessly low budget that the ending credits, which show all of the cut scenes where they fumbled their lines, are literally the movie's highlight. the film is about a psychic (pettyjohn, cast for one obvious reason, her topless scene) whom uses her powers with an experimental machine to pull objects from another dimension into this reality. when she pulls in some kind of box like object the military nonchalantly throws it into the open back of a truck with one soldier to guard it, and gee, what do you know? surprise! a kid in a foam-rubber monster costume pops out, instantly kills the soldier with a scratch across his face, then escapes to a nearby city. but rather than deploy half the armed forces of the county to find it and protect the public those in charge just leave it up to pettyjohn and ray to find it on their own, but no matter, this movie blows all its credibility long before then. this barely escapes being voted a 1 by me only because of unintentional laughs, somebody needs to alert the producers of "mystery science theater 3000" if they don't know about it already! 2 out 10, really, really bad!

if you're watching this movie, you're either a fred olen ray fan, you found it on the $4.99 shelf at suncoast and thought "what do i have to lose?", or you spun around the video store with your eyes closed and rented the first movie your finger touched.this movie is hysterically bad. it's got everything a terrible movie needs: a screenplay featuring jaw-dropping dialogue and baffling detours in the plot, wacky science involving psychics and other dimensions, continuity that seems to travel through wormholes in time and space, actors that are not only wooden, but seems to border on befuddled, gratuitous nudity (not all of it is what you necessarily would ask for), and of course, a 5' monster played by what i assume is fred olen ray's kid.underneath it all, however, there is something resembling heart -- as if mickey & judy decided to get together all the kids in the neighborhood and make a monster movie (hey! my dad can direct it! yeah! we can use red paint from my johnny's dad's hardware store, and i know this ex-stripper who can act in it!).watch for the blooper reel over the credits -- you get to find out why the final cut of the movie was so crappy.incidentally, biohazard ii...the alien force is also worth a look, but doesn't have the same enjoyably crappy veneer this one does.

i couldn't believe some of the horrible dialog coming out of people's mouths, and the end reel of bloopers attached to body of the film was a real hoot. and we get titty shots of angelique pettyjohn (sort of) and loren crabtree to boot.a teleportation device activated by psychic angelique pettyjohn brings an alien container to an underground lab out in the desert. according to director fred olen ray, they were leftover sets from the klaus kinski film, android which gives the film an increased value beyond how cheap it looks.inside the container is a midget alien (played by ray's son) who starts clawing people to death. it was pretty funny watching this little 'creature' in a black reptile suit with what looks like large beetle shells attached to it, running around in the dark. we even get to see the little thing stamp and tear at a poster of et, which i thought was hilarious.and then there's what looks like a snake that also comes out of the container that gets hammered to death by william fair, after the mini creature chews into frank mcdonald's neck in the kitchen. a low budget take on alien, i suppose...the whole thing ends abruptly, looking like they ran out of film at the end before the blooper reel comes in with the end credits. talk about a lack of funding...fred olen ray also mentions in the director's commentary that they also weren't sure if aldo ray would make through the shooting and remember his lines. he barely did.low budget cheese sneeze. it's fun to watch, i'll grant ya that. 4 out of 10

below average movie with poor music considering a movie based on music??? ordinary script & direction with full of blunders. salman khan was at his usual acting. ajay's performance deteriorating with time as his looks,especially his styles as a rock star were pathetic. asin was just a showpiece only. overall i felt like wasting my money in cinema. salman khan remains as immature as 10 years ago compared to aamir khan. there were many songs in the movie all boring except "man ko ati". the most important song to impress the uk music sponsor was most unimpressive. "khanabadosh" can be very easily understood by an english music sponsor. the other movie i saw last week was "wake up sid" which was simple slow love story with good direction & acting despite average music

first thing first . in this genre movie the first thing you need is a good music , and thats where mr. shankar and his party fails.music is completely pale and uneffective. on other hand there is ajay devgan , who has removed a letter 'a' from his spelling , done good job but was of no use to a bad casted movies like this.asin is like a doll which is used to amuse public, even though she is good to look at but her role in movie is to dance, actually she is dancing member of a rock band and i don't think any rock band have there dancer as a member of band.in nut shell this movie is a piece of crap a piece of ***t. watch it if you wanna get fooled.

it's a bad season for bollywood with all the big releases with a massive hype surrounding proving to be duds at the box office. london dreams is no exception to that. let's dissect it... it's all about chasing your dreams and how far will you go to achieve it. sounds impressive right? but unfortunately the film is not.arjun (ajay devgan) is an aspiring musician who wants to make it big someday. his dream is to perform in wembley stadium in front of a cheering 90,000 audience calling out his name. he is joined by two brothers, zoheb & wasim (debutants aditya roy & ranvijay) and a ravishing priya (asin). together they form "london dreams" their dream band. after impressing the chief of a record company, they become overnight sensations. arjun is secretly in love with priya which he doesn't want to reveal till he achieves his goal. arjun then brings his childhood friend manjit khosla aka mannu (salman khan), a carefree flirtatious guy who has got no ambitions in life, to join their band. mannu is a trained musician and a real talent for whom later arjun become envious for mannu's superior skills and his affair with priya. arjun with the help of zoheb plans to blight mannu. what happens next forms the rest of the movies.coming to the technical aspects, we feel only the shadow of vipul amritlal sha whom we have admired in namaste london. felt like he simply visualized the screenplay. to cut it short, a glorified cameraman. screenplay by suresh nair dulls even though it has its moments. defined in a predictable fashion, the screenplay bore you to stiff. camera work was awesome in capturing the beauty of london. it's the only entertaining part while watching songs.few songs are hummable while others are passable noisy fare. ajay was the one who stole the show with his negative character. salman is monotonous and he irks you. asin is forgettable and i don't that she will make it big in bollywood. aditya roy is impressive while ranvijay is strictly ok. brinda as the bitch is what we have seen in innumerable movies. ompuri is ongoing with the proceedings. i don't want to pen down about the flaws as it will be a herculean task.finally let me put it simple and straight, london dreams is a soulless movie which you may better enjoy on dvd.

the lack of content in this movie amazed me the most. first i though that people was going to compare this to rock on! but i'm really surprised myself to say that this was worst than rock on! so-so story horrible cast ajay devgan jamming with salman khan and asin you gotta be kidding me. the music was okay khanabadosh was the track of the movie the rest was bad! vipul shah hasn't still learn from singh is king's critically bashed comedy. now asin.. where do she come from sorry for asin's fan out there but she suck*d big time in this movie seriously bad acting she didn't look good at all overdose of make-up! my final verdict go watch aladin with your family instead wasting your time here.

london dreams, directed by vipul shah, is a frustratingly foolish film about foolish people. it's the kind of film whose central conflict could be instantly resolved if the characters concerned simply sat down and had a chat. ajay devgan plays arjun, an aspiring pop-artiste obsessed with performing before a cheering crowd at london's wembley stadium. he becomes jealous of his devoted best friend and band-mate manu, played by salman khan, who is evidently more talented than him, but nowhere near as focused or ambitious. arjun decides to sabotage manu when the latter's popularity threatens to outshine his own. now here's where a heart-to-heart might have helped. had arjun explained what this wembley fixation meant to him, manu would have graciously backed off and let arjun fulfill his childhood dream, and we'd have been spared the agony of watching the rest of this uninspiring drivel. but director vipul shah and his writers are in no mood to do us any favours. london dreams is packed with unintentionally hilarious gems like that back-story involving arjun's grandpa who committed suicide out of shame for getting stage-fright at a packed wembley concert. or the ridiculous incident at a show where manu must take over vocal responsibilities after a blast of confetti practically chokes arjun into silence. the idiocy, however, doesn't end there. in his attempts to shame manu publicly, arjun uses his connections to get manu hooked onto drugs. a buxom groupie urges manu to down a couple of tequila shots with her but replaces his salt with cocaine. before you know it, manu has acquired quite the appetite for the addictive white powder, practically chomping it down like dinner. if that isn't silly enough, there's a crude scene later in which manu chases after the said girl to find out who she's been taking orders from. the pursuit ends in a dark london alley where the girl gets down on her knees pretending to do the unmentionable so as to mislead manu's girlfriend who's been secretly following after them. wait, there's more! expect to howl hysterically when arjun snaps off his belt and whips himself mercilessly to banish all thoughts of romance or lust towards the band's lead dancer priya (played by asin) because nothing and no one must distract him from his musical goals. too generously inspired by milos forman's amadeus for it to merit any comparison with last year's rock on!, vipul shah's latest is a clunky melodrama that's as loosely directed as it is scripted. the film goes for broad humor, over-the-top emotions, and basically chooses loudness over subtlety. that works for manu's character, with salman khan playing him all loutish and lovable, but in the case of arjun, ajay devgan comes off too passive with a performance that is mostly internalised. when arjun does reach boiling point however, it results in an awkward pre-climax scene in which he lectures a packed concert hall and is understandably pelted with plastic bottles as punishment. of the remaining cast, there's not a kind word i can say for asin, who practically lit up ghajini with her ebullient charm, but disappoints here with unnecessary over-acting in a thankless role. ranvijay singh and aditya roy kapur, reduced to mere sidekicks in the band, show up at regular intervals, usually to utter some inane dialogue like, "we'll rock it dude!" for its dim-witted writing and sloppy direction, london dreams is ultimately a tiresome watch. if you must, watch it for salman khan who's turned buffoonery into a bonafide acting style. it's the only thing that'll make you smile in this sad, sad film.

vipul shah has done some really impressive work as a filmmaker in the past. 'waqt - the race against time' and 'namaste london' were entertaining and interesting to watch. 'singh is kinng' was fun, which he produced. his latest outing as a filmmaker 'london dreams' comes up as his careers weakest fare.'london dreams' has a mediocre storyline, it's about how success turns friendship into hatred. agreed, it has the potential but when you watch 'london dreams' you wonder what's happening? this film has maybe the worst climax in recent times. vipul shah the writer puts vipul shah the director down. the first hour is boring, the second hour is better; but again the climax is horrendous. how can anyone forgive a person who decided to destroy you? i won't. ajay devgn suddenly decides to go to india and ask forgiveness to his diaper buddy, thanks to his uncle om puri. when he reaches india, rather than slapping or abusing him salman welcomes him with band baja and says he was the reason behind the entire fiasco? was vipul shah's intension to show salman's character as a god? if yes, than you've failed completely. the only question i want to ask vipul shah is that, would you welcome a person who destroyed you with such a great reception? write what you feel, don't fool us {the audience}, we are sensible enough to understand what's good or not. this is a musical but the music by shankar-eshaan-loy is terrible. not a single song stays in your mind. salman is superb though. he carries the film on his shoulders and does really, really well in the emotional scenes. but again his character is shown as a god, which makes him look like a retard in the end. ajay is equally good, but salman has over-shadowed him completely. asin is wasted, and what is a great talent like om puri doing in this film? rannvijay hams, though aditya roy kapoor excels. brinda parekh is alright as the vamp.on the whole, this dream remains a dream!

who were they kidding with this? there was just too much in this film that was hard to digest. right from when arjun (ajay devgan) unknowingly wishes death on his father to when he arrives in london with his uncle(played by om puri) only to abandon him minutes later. the only problem with that theory is that anybody who has ever passed through london heathrow knows that such a fête would be impossible to pull off and especially not by an indian. but the film problems do not end there, there's the issue of the two main leads (salman khan and ajay devgan) passing as rock-stars on the verge of achieving their dreams. i mean yeah we saw success come to susan boyle (a woman in the uk achieving her dreams after age 50) but that was a rare case. it was really hard for me to suspend my disbelief because i felt that the casting of salman and ajay was just ill-conceived. they would never cast madhuri dixit and sridevi to play the same roles so why should we be forced to watch ajay devgan and salman khan (men well into their 40s) prance around desperately trying to hang on to their 20s? let's not even talk about the most self-conscious actress on screen today, asin. this is her second film (that i have seen) and she is just hopeless as an actress, so conscious of her looks that she only concerns herself with looking good and voguing for the camera rather than giving in a good acting performance. it's just hard to believe that she turned down all those other movie roles to star in this fluff and then be so fluffy as an actress, nothing to write home about at all. and to top all of that, the film just boringly dragged on. there's nothing special about it at all, trust me you will predict every clichéd thing that is going to happen in it.

maaan, where do i start with this god awful movie. bad bad bad story telling. i do not know what the director was thinking when he made this movie. namaste london was quite an enjoyable movie to be honest..even the soundtrack was good. but in this one..oh my good..for a movie which is supposed to be a musical one..the songs are soooo bad. ar rahman should have been the music director. given two great actors a much better job should have been done by the director. even though the first half sucks, the last 30 mins of the movie are ok. performances from salman and ajay save the movie from being a total disaster.watch it if you have nothing better to do. the last good movie from bollywood i watched ( and i do watch a load of them) is dev d and wake up sid.

the movie is a total crap. we have two good actors who are miscast and a meat-head of an actor salman khan just to attract the female audience. the story is a crap. the characters poorly sketched. non existent story telling. no editing to speak of. ajay devgan as a rock star..that is a dream in itself. the movie drags along to the point of decadence. the whole charade about arjun bringing his manna to london, let him grope his girlfriend and let him not play at wembley (vimbley in the dubbing process) is absurd. salman khan's over the top acting or faking is too painful to watch. i remember seeing some good movies from this producer vipul shah but this is not one of them. it seems all the good directors are falling prey to the box office mania..that the mumbai media morons have created. this is yet another crap movie in the lines of "wanted" with idiot actor like salman khan who has no place in a good hindi cinema. he is good to the indian cinema as titanic was to the winter cruise business. on a positive note-i like asin character dancing bharatnatyam when she changes to the western style dancing when the teacher is not looking.

the film was written 10 years back and a different director was planning it with srk and aamir in lead rolesthe film finally was made now with vipul shah directing it and ajay and salman starring together after a decade hum dil de chuke sanam(1999)the movie however falls short due to it's 90's handling and worst it's loopholesthe film tries to pack in too many commercial ingredients and we also hav the love triangleeverything is predictable and filmy and too clichédthere are loopholes like how ajay runs away from london airport and makes a place for himself with no one? even the way he starts his band is not convincing the second half gets better with the twist in the tale of ajay destroying salman but sadly the climax falls short and the film ends on a bad notedirection by vipul shah is ordinary to below average music is the worst point, most songs are mediocreamongst actors ajay gives his best shot though he isn't convincing as a rock singer yet he does superb as the negative role salman however irritates with his punjabi and talking nonsense he only impresses when he gets drugged and thereon asin is nothing great just a show piece ranvijay should stick to mtv om puri is okay

i just wondering what is the purpose of making movies like this? the profit? and to whom they are referring what intelligence must use your brain to watch something like this crap? this movie is watchable by under 3 years old children if you are adults don't try to watch it. thats the reason i think hollywood started to use cartoons in movies with actors like this you must forget the art of cinema , be sure that you ll have tons of pop corn to consume for time to pass till this movie ends also get many cola's hamburgers your laptop your cellphone this movie can be used easily in a restaurant but for sure not in a theater , my dog who is always next to my family when watching a movie left the building.the sure thing is that this movie is referring to people with no demands from the cinema art.the only thing that this movie can be used is for watching it when making the supermarket shopping list.i am giving 2 stars for supporting the india's cinema efforts but for nothing more or less..

the movie is plain bad. simply awful. the string of bad movies from bollywood has no end! they must be running out of excuses for making such awful movies (or not).the problem seems to be with mainly the directors. this movie has 2 good actors who have proved in the past that the have the ability to deliver great performance...but they were directed so poorly. the poor script did not help either.this movie has plenty of ridiculous moments and very bad editing in the first half. for instance :after his 1st big concert, ajay devgan, meets up with om puri (from whom he ran away some 30 years ago and talked to again) and all om puri finds to say is to beware of his friendship with salman!!! what a load of crap. seriously. not to mention the baaad soundtrack. whatever happened to shankar ehsaan loy?ajay devgun is total miscast for portraying a rockstar.only saving grace are the good performances in the second half. ajay shines as his character shows his dark side. so does salman as the drug addict. watch it maybe only for the last half hour.

i ended up watching this movie before even going through any of the reviews, on the request of a female. just out of curiosity, i thought, let me find out if there are people who actually recommend others to watch this movie. i am quite shocked to find such long and positive reviews on this website that makes me conclude that it's a scam.as far as my opinion goes, i have to ask,"are these filmmakers retarded or do they assume that the viewers are retarded?" the movie is atrocious on so many levels and i'm not even talking about the story or presentation.so, these bunch of guys plus one girl (the lead actress) form a music band; guessing from the constant presence of guitars it is supposed to be a rock band. hell, when did dancers started becoming the part of a rock band??? anyway, let me accept it as the-bollywood-version-of-a- rock-band, but amusingly enough all the scores which actually had these two guitarists doing all kinds of cool "rock gestures" and i am assuming they were playing the instruments, the sound of the guitar was completely missing!!! i simply can't comprehend the magnitude of stupidity here....i am just going to conclude here because it is absolutely not worth pointing out any further flaws in the movie. bollywood directors seem to have no shame anymore!!!!!!!!

this movie has the made for tv stink all over it. though, it started out with great intentions, featuring great looking sets and authentic props and costumes. the film quickly degenerated into horrible on the nose cheesy dialogue, and rushed tv sappy melodramatic acting. the characters were so sappy that at times i thought that they are about to degenerate into a bilious puddle of goo, and the action was so convoluted and poorly cut that it looked as it the soldiers were merely standing around and taking turns shooting at one another. the germans were so unrealistically depicted that it was painful to watch. the only thing that the german officers talked about was how wonderful the americans are. please take my word for this. i am a huge fan of the war genre, and this movie is crap. nevertheless, this dvd does have an excellent extra feature, covering letters from the wwi front lines, thus making this rental not a total waste of my time.

1) i am not weapon expert, but even i can see difference between u.s. army riffles in wwi and wwii. in movie we can see privates, armed with "m1 garand" (invented in year 1932!), not authentic "1903 springfield" (aka "silent death"), who privates use until wwii. difference - m1 can load 1,5 times more ammunition and 3 times more fire rate! m1 was semi - automatic, springfield requires reloading after every shot. little difference?! 2) german army uniforms has borrowed from 1940 year too. especially - helmets. german helmets until end of wwi have significant pike on top, we cannot see even one in movie. and if we make little additional search in archives - how much truthful is this "true story"? i am surprised, how much "truthful" can be film directors in a pursuit of cheap propagation.

my god, what an incredible movie it is! reminded me so much of the similar scene in mel gibson's movie "we were soldiers" when "the company is not lost, they're just cut off" and the other scene in pearl harbour when the british officer says to ben affleck "if all americans are like you, then god help the nation that goes to war with america!put all 3 movies together and you would have enough bullshit to fertilise the entire sahara desert.the story of the cut-off battalion may be real enough but the movie could have done without all that american preachy jingoistic propaganda attached to it. there were audible groans in the cinema during the above-mentioned scene in pearl harbour (no kidding either) the lost battalion however is really in a class of its own …."americans think they are unbeatable…inspired bravery…. " i actually cringed and damn near puked at all the swill being spewed out throughout this diarrhoeic disaster (the movie that is) the fighting scenes were well made (3 stars for that) but if the script is manure, then wrapped even in brightly coloured ribbons, it is still manure. the writer, james carabatsos, also wrote those other screamers…hamburger hill, no mercy , heartbreak ridge. someone, please shoot him before he writes any more such garbage.the director, russell mulcahy is an australian too. god, the shame!!!

after watching this movie i was honestly disappointed - not because of the actors, story or directing - i was disappointed by this film advertisements.the trailers were suggesting that the battalion "have chosen the third way out" other than surrender or die (polish infos were even misguiding that they had the choice between being killed by own artillery or german guns, they even translated the title wrong as "misplaced battalion"). this have tickled the right spot and i bought the movie.the disappointment started when i realized that the third way is to just sit down and count dead bodies followed by sitting down and counting dead bodies... then i began to think "hey, this story can't be that simple... i bet this clever officer will find some cunning way to save what left of his troops". well, he didn't, they were just sitting and waiting for something to happen. and so was i.the story was based on real events of world war i, so the writers couldn't make much use of their imagination, but even thought i found this movie really unchallenging and even a little bit boring. and as i wrote in the first place - it isn't fault of actors, writers or director - their marketing people have raised my expectations high above the level that this movie could cope with.

when this movie was first shown on television i had high hopes that we would finally have a decent movie about world war i as experienced by american soldiers. unfortunately this is not it.it should have been a good movie about wwi. even though it was made for television it is obvious that a real effort was made to use appropriate equipment and props. but the writing and directing are badly lacking, even though the makers of this movie obviously borrowed freely from quite a few well made war movies. war movie clichés abound such as the arrogant general who apparently does not care a flip about the lives of his men. when will hollywood realize that, even though there have been plenty of bad generals, most combat unit generals have seen plenty of combat themselves and are not naive about what the average grunt experiences? the first part of this movie appeared to be "paths of glory" with american uniforms. except that "paths of glory" was emotionally gripping. later on there was chamberlain's charge (except uphill) from "gettysburg" and even the capture of the american soldier by a ring of enemy soldiers from "the thin red line". but in "the thin red line" the soldier was alone when captured. in this movie a ring forms around the new prisoner in the middle of a battle.if this movie used a military adviser they ignored him. even though the actors (and i never could forget they were actors while watching) mouthed military tactics i didn't see very much of it. the american soldiers would stand up to be shot while the germans attacked. and the infamous storm troopers, who were apparently blind, appeared to use no tactics whatsoever in their attack. in the real war, the tactics were what made storm troopers so effective. but the silliest scene was the attack of the german flamethrowers. in this scene the german flamethrower operators walked in a broad line towards the defending americans. if that had been real they would never have gotten close enough to use their flamethrowers before they had all been dropped by the defender's bullets.okay, so most war movies are unrealistic when it comes to the tactics shown. but it is still disappointing. but what really turned me off to this flick was the typical anti-war anti-military angle that movie makers seem to think is important. true, war is hell. but most american soldiers, even though they grumble and gripe, tend to believe in what they are doing and can be rather gung-ho about it. my grandfather served in world war i. and even though he died four years before i was born i have been told how proud he was of his service.

there has been a lot of love that has been put into wes anderson's "fantastic mr fox", unfortunately all the love is for himself. granted, there has been a lot of time and effort been put into making this ever so self-consciously quirky universe but if only the same time and effort had been put into the script to try and make it funny. the worrying thing is that i think it was, and this is the best that wes anderson could come up with.the animation is good in the close-up shots of the animals, however when the camera is further away everything becomes really harsh on the eyes and to be perfectly honest looks like a bit of a mess. there wasn't really anything special about the acting either, with wes opting to choose his buddies and big names over more specialised voice actors that could have probably made the film better. i'm pretty sure george clooney's voice acting resume consists of two cameo appearances in south park, one of them where he played a dog.the film is too smug and trying way too hard to be clever and different and is typically, despite the film being set in england, all the good animals are typical americans playing baseball, whilst the bad guys are stereotypical english with the most insulting english accents. i cannot stress how much of a waste of time this film is. i didn't laugh once.

after viewing the film, i was truly shocked to see such a high rating on imdb.'the fantastic mr. fox' is an adaption of a beloved children's classic, portraying the story of the smooth, slick protagonist mr. fox (or 'foxy') as he attempts one 'last' heist to steal from the dreaded boggins, bunce and bean. that's right, one short, one fat, one lean, or however it goes.i don't quite know where to start with my criticism.well, i'm in my late teens and was never a fan of roald dahl, but i like his material well enough, having read a few of his books as a child and seen matilda and charlie and the chocolate factory over and over again. this film, however, struggles for an audience. is it aimed at children? adults? i'm still unsure! many of the 'jokes' would bore a child, especially as mr. fox visits a lawyer for example, or complains about being poor. also, an audience of (i'm assuming) children is expected to sympathise with a character who steals and kills chickens. i'm all for the food chain, but you practically see mr. fox biting down on their necks! surely that's a bit much? and also, the plot... well, it's kind of boring. i stayed only with the hope of it getting better, but instead i just got more and more annoyed at mr fox and his son ash for making stupid decisions.the humour, meanwhile, falls flat. i laughed only once or twice, even though i specifically recognised attempts at jokes. i think part of it is that the voice acting is so incredibly flat and monotoned. the voice actors have no sense of comic timing, instead aiming for the subtlety of humour that only works with certain mediums. george clooney aims to portray mr. fox as charming and sleek, but his voice has no character. meryl streep shows no emotion, i didn't even realise bill murray had a role until the end credits, and ash, twelve-years old in fox-years, sounds like he's about 30.i love animation, particularly stop motion, but the visual style actually creeped me out a little bit. characters are tall, spindly and lacking any warmth of design. they move with very little fluidity and often the animation is jerky and strange. there is also a distinctive 'mixed medium' feel, as 2d components are added in sporadically and unsuccessfully. characters look straight at the camera and talked; it was very awkward. there was one or two moments when kylie looked straight at the camera, didn't move and had swirls on his eyeballs. it actually freaked me out.fantastic mr. fox had so much potential. lots of people still seem to like it - look at the reviews. maybe it just wasn't for me.

i saw this movie way back at the first theatrical release, in a justifiably empty theater. believe it or not, after decades of watching movies, this one still sticks clearly in my mind as the worst movie of all time; or at least the worst that i would allow myself to watch.the acting is far beneath the standard set by any random group of drunken high-school students yanked off the street and forced to learn their lines in 5 minutes or less.after the first shock of disbelief, we laughed for a while as each scene hit new lows. but after a while, even that dubious pleasure wore off and it just got to be really sad.

i can't for the life of me remember why--i must have had a free ticket or something--but i saw this movie in the theater when it was released. i don't remember who i went with, which theater i was in, or even which city. all i remember was how offended i was at this travesty someone dared to call a film, and how half the people in the theater walked out before the movie was over. unfortunately i stuck it out to end, which i still consider to be one of the worst mistakes of my life thus far. my offense became pure horror when just before the closing credits the smarmy demon child sticks his head out from behind a sign and says "look for problem child 2, coming soon!" that was hands-down the most terrifying moment ever recorded on film.the plot, if i recall correctly, involved john ritter and perhaps his wife (lord, how i've tried without success to block this film out of my mind) adopting a "problem child." maybe they think they can reform him, or something. i really don't know. if that was their intent, they fail miserably because from first frame to last this child remains the brattiest, rudest, most horrid demon-spawn ever to hit the big screen. forget damian, forget rosemary's baby. this kid takes the cake. the only difference is, we are supposed to feel sorry for him because he's a "problem child." however, this is impossible since this child is quite likely the most unsympathetic character ever portrayed. you want to kill him through the entire film, and when (spoiler, like anyone cares) john ritter decides to keep the vile hell-child you will be yelling "send him back!" in shocked disgust (like several of the people at the theater where i saw it did).this is only the second movie i have given a "1" to on the imdb. the other was superman iv, and by god i couldn't tell you which was worse. john ritter had a quote in tv guide about the time that problem child 3, which he was not in, came out. he said something like "the only way i would do another [problem child] sequel is if they dragged my dead body back to perform." amen to that!i would rather watch a 24-hour marathon of police academy sequels than see even twenty minutes of problem child again. 1/10, only because i can't give it a negative score, which is what it really deserves. someone burn the original negatives of this film, please!

problem child is one of the worst movies i have seen in the last decade! this is a bad movie about a savage boy adopted by two parents, but he gets into trouble later. that junior can drive grandpa's car. he can scare people with a bear. he can put a room on fire! it is a bad movie as much as battlefield earth. a sequel is an even worse fate. rent chicken run instead.*1/2 out of **** i give it.

"problem child" is one of the goofiest movies ever made. it's not the worst (though some people will disagree with me on that), but it's not the best either. it's about a devilish 7-year-old boy who wrecks comic havoc on a childless couple (john ritter, amy yasbeck) who foolishly adopts him. this film is too silly and unbelievable because i don't buy for one second that a child could act as unrurly as the kid does in this film. it's asinine and preposterous although i did laugh several times throughout (i really don't know why). but i can't recommend this film. i know i'm being too kind to it. if there is one positive thing about "problem child" is that it's better than the sequel which was just awful. ** (out of four)

i have to admit i've caught this one a few times on the usa network. there's just something about the, well, sheer stupidity of this flick which makes me want to watch it whenever it's on. yes, you're right about the sub-par acting, the plot which only an seven year old could like, etc. but i can't help feeling sympathetic toward some of the actors. then again, a few of these actors signed up for the even more atrocious sequel.

i remember watching this movie several times as a very young kid, and there were parts of it (many in fact) that i did not understand. i think i have seen it once as an adult, and i then understood those parts. the only problem with viewing it as an adult was that it was not entertaining to me at all. so what kind of movie is this? is it a "kids movie"? not hardly. it contains language and subject matter not suitable for kids. is it a hyperbole of what every parent feels like they are going through with their own children? maybe, but then why wouldn't it focus more on john ritter's character instead of junior? when a film has a 7-year-old as its main character, in order to do well with it's audience, it should be a movie for the seven and under crowd, otherwise people older than that will have no way to relate (even 8-year-olds wouldn't want to see a movie about a kid who is whole year younger than them). i'm pretty sure this film did not do well in the box office, and the reason has to be because it was unable to find a niche in the market.

the first scene in 'problem child' has a baby peeing into a nun's face. for this movie, that's witty. a nasty, mean-spirited 'comedy', it's inept on so many levels it beggars belief. john ritter is the kind father who adopts the child from hell, and kudos to him for maintaining his dignity in the surrounding onslaught of one-note, annoying performances and puerile humour. and what the hell's jack warden doing in this mess? slackly directed by dennis dugan and obnoxious in its attempts to turn on the sentimentality when it's done with the crudity, the movie is made so badly it's quite a bizarre experience. but never mind all that. the lowlight of the whole thing is michael oliver, the most repulsive and unlikeable kid actor ever to hit the screen – believe me, you will want to smack him right in the mouth.

this kid is rather bad, but in no way do they make him the type that outsmarts adults and can foil experienced thieves at every turn. no, he is not so much a brat, as he is a kid with severe emotional problems. a nice couple looking to adopt get rather suckered into adopting him and while the husband is a bit more willing to give this kid a chance the mother is not. through in a bizarre michael richards character and the always annoying gilbert gottfried and you have yourself a rather bad movie with a few laughs in it here and there. i actually prefer the sequel to this film as i like the fact they brought amy yasbeck back as a different more likable character as there are one to many characters in this film that are thoroughly unlikable as it is. even the kid is rather annoying at first in this one, and they kind of chill him out in the sequel too. the plot is simple enough though as the prospective parents go to adopt this kid that they think is great by the way the orphanage is throwing a party as they depart, they soon realize they have themselves a little hellion. add to that this little hellion getting into contact with a convict of some sort. not sure about this character, at first i thought it was supposed to be his real father or something. not all that good, but i will pick this ahead of that culkin kid any day of the week.

my girlfriend and i were stunned by how bad this film was. after 15 minutes we would have called it quits except we were too curious to see if the film could possibly redeem itself. it didn't.i can't understand the praise given to this film. the writing was downright awful and delivered by some of the worst acting i have seen in a very long time.one thing that especially annoyed me about this film was that often when people were talking to each other there was an unnatural pause between lines. i understand using a pause to create a feeling of awkwardness (like in happiness). this was not that type of pause -- it was just simply bad directing. this film might actually be much better with subtitles, and maybe the overseas market is the best one for this film, because then the innane dialogue and bad acting wouldn't be noticed as much.i generally like these types of small quirky films (the real blonde, walking and talking, lovely and amazing), but this one failed on so many levels that i consider it one of the very worst films i have sat through in the last few years.

this is one of the worst movies i have ever seen! i saw it at the toronto film festival and totally regret wasting my time. completely unwatchable with no redeeming qualities whatsoever.steer clear.

don't waste 90 minutes of your time on "fast food, fast women." it's annoyingly episodic script with three story lines patched together is laughably bad due to predictable writing, horrific acting, and even bad music. i found the anorexic main character upsetting to watch every time she was on screen. she needs the fast food.spend the 90 minutes you'd devote to this turkey doing something more exciting...like trimming your toenails. you'd have more entertainment value.the only redeeming thing about this film is louise lasser, but she deserves much better than this tired script. it's as impotent as the elder guy she courts in the movie.viewer beware!

