ok its not the best film i've ever seen but at the same time i've been able to sit and watch it twice!!! story line was pretty awful and during the first part of the first short story i wondered what the hell i was watching but at the same time it was so awful i loved it cheap laughs all the way.and jebidia deserves an oscar for his role in this movie the only thing that let him down was half way through he stopped his silly name calling.overall the film was pretty perfetic but if your after cheap laughs and you see it in pound land go by it.

amateur, no budget films can be surprisingly good ... this however is not one of them.ah, another brad sykes atrocity. the acting is hideous, except for emmy smith who shows some promise. the camera "direction" needs serious reworking. and no more "hold the camera and run" gimmicks either; it just doesn't work. the special effects are unimaginative, there's a problem when the effect can be identified in real time. if you're going to rip off an ear, please don't let us see the actor's real ear beneath the blood. the scenery is bland and boring (same as mr. sykes other ventures), and the music is a cross between cheap motel porn and really bad guitar driven metal (see the scenery comment).did i mention the lack of any real plot, or character development? apparently, the scriptwriter didn't.whoever is funding this guy ... please stop. i've seen some of his other "home movies" (which i will not plug) and they are just as bad. normally, a "director" will grow and learn from his previous efforts ... not this guy. it's one thing to be an amateur filmmaker, but anyone can be a hack.definitely not even a popcorn film ... of course, chewing on popcorn kernels would be less painful than this effort.award: the worst ever military push-ups in a film.

comparison with american graffiti is inevitable so save your money and time by renting that timeless classic. speaking of timeliness, there was an episode of cheers where norm and cliff competed on who can find the most anachronism in a movie. they would have loved this movie everything from some of the songs and some of the clothing were wrong. there were sly reference such as 'they paved paradise to put up a parking lot'. the filmmakers hoped to elicit some smiles from us but basically made me groan.the characters in this movie are incredibly politically and socially astute for teenagers. almost as smart as the people who were in their thirties and forties when they wrote the darn movie. very little of what the characters said were believable. combine the bad writing and bad acting this movie just totally fail. although, there were two exceptions kelli williams liven things up as the future flower child and, despite what another reviewer said, rick shroeder was quite good. showing that brooding characteristic that would come to full boil in his eventual appearance in "n.y.p.d. blues".

when i spotted that noah wyle and ricky schroder were in the same movie, i was like, score! i admit, i was eager to see the movie. and i have to say, the first fifteen minutes or so were nostalgic in a way. then it went all down hill. i didn't expect it to be a dump of politically correct civil rights mumbo jumbo. they took every possible controversial topic and threw it into one stupid story. i was appalled that noah was involved in anything of the sort, especially his role. nobody with a fully functional brain would actually accept all that crap about the vietnam war. if anyone really wants to know how communism was like, sit down and read a book on it. and not one that praises it or is against it, just the cold hard facts.i only watched a few scenes here and there only because i wanted to see ricky's body, but that was all that interested me. everything else about this movie irritated me.

no wonder most of the cast wished they never made this movie. it's just plain ridiculous and embarrassing to watch. bad actors reading cheesy lines while shiny classic showroom cars continuously circle a diner that looks more like a disneyland attraction. students fist-fight with the deranged principal as he tries to stop them from setting fire to a bronze civil war statue. the watts riots with a cast of...ugh...10?? dermot mulroney tries not to gag while he makes out with a mary hartman look-alike with the most annoying smile since 'mr. sardonicus'. noah wyle reads bob dylan lyrics to the wicked teacher with a swinging pointer and very bad face lift. drunken virgin rick schroder sits in a kiddie rocket on his last night before entering the service. silly, giggling school girls dress up in leopard stretch pants and walk on the set of 'shindig', sing horribly off key, and actually make it big in the music business. and who wrote this compelling dialog?: "i'm going to burkley and wear flowers in my hair"...."i think i found someone to buy stick's woody!"...."these people are 'animals'!" "these people are my 'family'! as the shirelles sing "mama said". oh brother, what a mess. this is like a 'reefer madness' of the 60's except it's not even funny.

i saw this back in '94 when it was finally released. apparently because orion pictures was in bankruptcy, i think, the movie had not been released a couple of years earlier.i have problem remembering details partly because i haven't seen it in a long time, but i do remember it as a very dull movie. i kept debating whether to walk out of it. the store was not at all interesting or engaging. was a 3rd rate america graffiti imitation. none of the performances make it worth watching either. one of the biggest disappointments since a local newspaper reviewer gave it a high rating.

my girlfriend once brought around the zombie chronicles for us to watch as a joke. little did we realize the joke was on her for paying £1 for it. while watching this film i started to come up with things i would rather be doing than watching the zombie chronicles. these included:1) drinking bleach 2) rubbing sand in my eyes 3) writing a letter to brad sykes and garrett clancy 4) re-enacting the american civil war 5) tax returns 6) gcse maths 7) sex with an old lady.garrett clancy, aka sgt. ben draper wrote this? the guy couldn't even dig a hole properly. the best ting he did was kick a door down (the best part of the film). this was the worst film i have ever seen, and i've seen white noise: the light. never has a film had so many mistakes in it. my girlfriend left it here, so now i live with the shame of owning this piece of crap.news just in: owen wilson watched this film and tried to kill himself. fact.do not watch

end of the world is an uneventful movie, which is odd since it is supposed to be about the total destruction of the earth. the main character is some kind of scientist, i'm not exactly sure what kind. he has two jobs at a government(?) facility guarded by four security men. his first job is monitoring transmissions to and from space (although this actually seems more like a hobby he does when not working on job #2). job #2 requires him to put on a protective suit and go into a dark room...at least that's the best i can figure. apparently the "plant" is not exactly top-secret, as the scientist brings his wife there. she hangs out (they're on their way to a dinner) while he discovers a message from space: major earth disruption, repeated over and over. he says something about it being the first message from space he's ever been able to decipher; his wife tells him they're going to be late for the dinner party. so they leave and go to the party (!?!). moments later he finds out that china has suffered a major earthquake. from there, the movie goes... nowhere! yes, christopher lee is in it, but that really doesn't help much. besides, lee gives a lackluster performance along the lines of his appearance in howling ii. this movie is boring, but it has enough stupid elements that you might want to suffer through it once if you like christopher lee or z-grade sci-fi. plus, there's lots of stock footage of the earth being destroyed.

this is one of the most boring movies i have ever seen, its horrible. christopher lee is good but he is hardly in it, the only the good part is the opening scene.don't be fooled by the title. "end of the world" is truly a bad movie, i stopped watching it close to the end it was so bad, only for die hard b-movie fans that have the brain to stand this vomit.

end of the world looks like a good movie on the box cover but be warned its bad.being a big fan of mega star actor christopher lee i was fooled. like tentacles(77)a good cast does not mean it'll be a good film.the beginning looks promising then it turns to tedium,many parts of the movie are too dark to see whats going on.the rest of the cast is shown briefly like;lew ayres,dean jagger,and macdonald carey as a security guard.i would expect better from charles band who made good fun movies like the re-animater and dolls.i heard christopher lee was tricked into making this film.he was told his co stars were going to be jose ferrer,john carridine,and dean jagger.well dean jagger is there but the other two never made it(lucky them)if you make a movie about the end of the world use a bigger budget and better storyline.dean jagger went on to do two good movies afterwards;alligator(80)and game of death(79) sue lyon(lolita)is also in the movie minus her lollipop.if you are a glutton for punishment then watch end of the world i dare you to say awake during the whole movie.1 out of 10.

what can i say about this film other than "don't see it". i waited and waited and waited for someting (or anything) to happen and it just didn't come. watch amazingly as two people walk around while setting the record for most filler screen time in a single movie. what are they doing? are they solving a mystery? are they gathering clues? possibly, it's just hard to tell. at the end of the movie, after a lot of radio signals are decoded (illegibly on some sort of pet monitor) and this guy gives some lectures, the plot is finally revealed and tossed aside as quickly as possible. some aliens want to get back to their home world utopia and are so happy there that they want to blow up the earth (i guess they don't like sharing the wealth). my guess is they finished filming and saw their 35 minute work or art (garbage!) and decided that they'd let the editing crew turn it into an 88 minute feature film. watch at your own peril, it's not even funny because it's so bad, it's just bad.

dull, cheap sci-fi thriller, made with an almost total lack of conviction (a control room full of computers and other devices used to receive and decipher messages from outer space is run by only one man, and is very poorly guarded at night), and full of campy sound effects. christopher lee is not only wasted, but he also gives one of his few "i'm here strictly for the money" performances. (*1/2)

a good deal of running around. a badly conceived adversary with very little complexity. a scientist who works in communications sending off signals into space and receiving them, gets caught up with aliens. along with his pretty wife, he invades their territory and is given secrets about them. he becomes rather traitorous in the process. granted, he is given little choice anyway. there is a scene where he gives them everything they want. this is a dull movie with lots of long stretches where little happens. the plot isn't technically bad. it's just that we are usually following a car, a trip through a woods, investigating a building. this is what editing is all about. i suppose the story wouldn't technically support much more. not much here.

"a scientist discovers signals from space that appear to carry information concerning a series of seemingly unrelated natural disasters, occurring across the globe. hoping to discover the source of these signals and who's behind them, the scientist and his wife set out on a trek to locate the intended recipient of the signals. what the couple eventually discovers is a small remote convent with occupants who are not really who they appear to be," according to the dvd sleeve's synopsis.kirk scott (as andrew boran) is the scientist who intercepts alien messages on his computer. he suspects a series of "large earth disruptions" may be connected to the weird space static. mr. scott and pretty blonde wife sue lyon (as sylvia boran) investigate the mysterious signals from outer space. they discover priestly, but creepy christopher lee (as "father pergado"), and other silliness. given that, "end of the world" is remarkably dull. *** end of the world (1977) john hayes ~ kirk scott, sue lyon, christopher lee

christopher lee is one of my favorite actors! i'm trying to view all of his work. he has been known to single-handedly save movies with his presence. unfortunately, this is not one of them. this movie suffers from a low budget and it's production values are disturbing. please...for the love of christopher....avoid this film!

spoilerswow, end of the world is a singularly underwhelming cinematic experience.here is the full story: a scientist is getting messages from space (a la independence day). the messages say stuff like a massive disaster is about to happen and then the scientist hears later on the radio that a huge earthquake just happened in china. he starts thinking that the messages have something to do with the disasters around the world so he's trying to figure out who's receiving the messages (and who's also sending out messages in space). he and his wife eventually figure out that the messages come from a convent. they visit it. everything looks normal, including the priest played by a bored christopher lee. but the scientist is adamant and really believes that the messages are coming from and going to that convent. so he and his wife secretly go back to the convent where they are caught snooping around by the aliens, disguised as priests and nuns. they are held against their will and the alien played by lee forces the scientist to get something they need in order for them to return to their planet. once the alien get the special element, the aliens all depart one by one to their home planet in some sort of tacky looking transporter platform. lee, being the last alien left, tells the couple that the earth will be destroyed because of some sort of hokey decision by the aliens. lee walks in the transporter and he's gone. the couple, looking at the monitors that show stock footage of natural disasters occurring all over the world, decide to follow the aliens. because earth is doomed, the couple doesn't see any point of staying behind so they walk in the transporter and disappear. the last shot of the movie is a papier mache planet earth exploding. the end.that's it. i've never seen such a dull movie in my life. it's the most underwhelming movie i've ever experienced. the scientist and his wife are two of worst heroes or protagonists ever put on screen. they don't care about anything. they see the earth disasters on the monitors and decide "what the heck, who needs earth anyway?" they don't even try to stop them or do something to make things better. this kind of story might have worked if the film had an overwhelming sense of doom to everything but the action and atmosphere are nonexistent. the actors and the folks behind this dull flick are going through their paces, so much so that you can almost feel when they punched their cards when they got off and returned to work. i wasn't expecting much with this movie because it is a charles band production, but i didn't expect it to be this bad.christopher lee was once asked what was his worst film he ever made and he mentioned starship invasions. well, i'm sorry chris but starship invasions was actually goofy fun. starship invasions is terrible but terribly entertaining. end of the world is much, much, much worst: it's beyond dull and inert, with no entertainment value whatsoever.

it's got christopher lee, it's got huge banks of 1970s computers that make teletype noises as letters appear on the screen, it's got radioactive isotopes that not only glow in the dark but emit pulsing thrumming noises, it's got volcanoes! evil aliens disguised as nuns! tidal waves! earthquakes! exploding cars! exploding coffee machines! and as a climax the entire planet blows up. how on earth does this film managed to be so incredibly, mind-numbingly dull? the answer, my friend is because 90% of this movie is made up of establishing shots, most of them involving long tracks, pans, or zooms in combinations, or occasionally all three, that do nothing except give the crew something to do. there are endless shots of our protagonists driving, getting in and out of cars, driving again, walking around looking at stuff, getting in cars and driving... i just sat there watching endless parade of nothingness in stupefaction muttering "say something, please somebody, just say something... do something... anything!..."the dialogue, when it does come, is terrible."maybe their minutes are measured on a different scale than ours." was a typically meaningless line. the script culminates in the destruction of the world by stock footage, justified in this speech from lee as the head alien:"the planet earth has emitted an over-abundance of diseases, they are contaminating the universe. all the planets light years away from here will suffer unless it is destroyed!" this is is neanderthal sf script writing. this is the sort of motivation you find in the sort of 1950's japanese monster suit movies aimed at 7 year olds. it is, and i collect such things, the most god-awful line from an english language sf movie since buster crabbe retired. it beggars belief that this movie was released in the same year as star wars and close encounters.lee, who always struck me as a smart, useful actor with a sure knowledge of his limits, delivers his lines as if he is going to kill his agent for getting him into this pile of drek. i don't blame him.

your mind will not be satisfied by this no—budget doomsday thriller; but, pray, who's will? a youngish couple spends the actual end of the world in the hidden laboratory of some aliens masquerading as church people.small _apocalyptically themed outing, end of the world has the ingenuity and the lack of both brio and style of the purely '50s similar movies. and it's not only that, but eotw plays like a hybrid—not only doomsday but convent creeps as well. the villain of the movie is a well—known character actor.this wholly shameless slapdash seems a piece of convent—exploitation, that significantly '70s genre which looks today so amusingly outdated. anyway, the convent's secret laboratory is some nasty piece of futuristic deco! christopher lee is the pride of end of the world; but the end of the world is not at all his pride!

this film had a great cast going for it: christopher lee, dean jagger, macdonald carey, lew ayres -- solid b-movie actors all. but this downer of a movie didn't use any of them to any sort of advantage, with none of their characters even meeting on screen (though christopher lee does get to play opposite himself in several scenes).the motivations for the aliens in this movie seem to change at the drop of a hat. first, they just want to repair their ship and leave, then they turn on the main character by killing most of his friends and not releasing his wife after he gets them the crucial part they need. then, out of nowhere, this "peaceful" race decides they have to destroy the planet because it causes too many "diseases" (though they do offer the main character and his wife a spot in their society).most of the film is spent watching the man and wife drive or walk or stand around or sit at desks doing nothing. you almost wish they had gotten taken out with the rest of the planet at the end, just in vengeance for boring us to death.unless you really like chris lee or seventies low-budget sci-fi, i'd give this one a miss. it falls into that narrow range of wasted celluloid between star odyssey and ufo: target earth.

the earth is destined to be no more thanks to father pergado and a bunch of nuns. christopher lee (who has since said that he was duped in to appearing in this by his producers who told him loads of great actors were involved) is father pergado and gets to do his usual serious and scary routine. the cast are not too bad, though most have now retired from acting. the film has terrible sound effects (mainly created from pressing keys on an old computer it seems) and it ridiculously pondering at times - showing a scene of the sky, for instance, for what feels like hours at a time. despite this the story is pretty humorous in a world-is-doomed sort of way and the production is adequate. interestingly one scene features albert band and wife jackie; meda band; writer frank ray perilli and charles band's assistant bennah burton. despite its plodding nature i genuinely wanted to see how it all worked out and thus quite liked it.

i saw this movie in the theater when i was a kid and always remember it as my first experience with getting ripped off by a horrible movie with a good commercial. the commercial was great, but it i found out later that it had every explosion or 'special effect' in the entire movie (about 4) and even some that weren't in the movie. there was some sort of plot relating to the aliens but the aliens were never actually shown in the movie as far as i remember. it was clearly a case of someone making a buck off a cheap movie designed to scam people. i guess my world of innocence ended that day, when i found out there were bad people out there who make bad bad movies.

this movie was terrible!i rented it not knowing what to expect.i watched the 1st 5 minutes and the movie and knew it was a bomb.the acting was bad and there was no plot.the monster is soooooo fake.it growls and its mouth doesnt move.also why would they have a doctor playing a xylophone to kill the monster.just plain bad don't even waste your time.(1 out of 10)

wow, i just saw this on t.v. as one of the "scary" movies they show around halloween. was this rated g? there wasn't really anything to make this movie scary, or worth watching. also, other people say this is a spoof, but i don't think so. for a spoof, you need something called "humor". this low-budget crap-fest didn't have a shred of humor, and it didn't make much sense, either. you basically have a goofy looking monster (man in rubber suit) coming out of closets, killing people, i guess, since you never see the monster doing violence to anyone or any bloody aftermath. the spinning newspaper tells you that people were killed by the monster, so i guess that's good enough.the military tries feebly to kill the monster, which isn't much larger than a man. they have very bad aim. then the military flees! wow, did this movie make the u.s. military look pathetic or what? the monster, while hard to kill, doesn't do much besides shuffle around and roar. oh, and occasionally a second head pops out of its mouth and shrieks. it was a slightly interesting, yet a total alien ripoff.what was the deal with the scientist playing the xylophone to attract the monster? it was hard to understand a lot of the dialog due to the poor sound quality. also, why did the monster carry around the main wimpy guy for so long? why didn't the monster go into the closet when it had a chance? why do i insist on trying to make sense out of the senseless?

usually i'm a bit of a fan of the bad eighties & early nineties film featuring now has beens...but this film is so incredibly terrible that it was a real endurance test to sit through. guys dressing up as girls has been done to death - but never so pathetically. corey haim's performance was abysmal as usual, nicole eggert was not much better. this has no redeeming qualities, even if you are a number #1 fan of an actor/actress in this piece of trash - stay away!

well, here we have yet another role reversal movie. there were many worth watching, despite the tired plot of gender reversal. however, this one is not. in previous reviews, i think i've made my point about the general decline of enjoyment for haim movies that followed the late 80s. this is one of them.'just one of the girls' is about a high school kid (corey haim) who tries to avoid his bullies by dressing up as a girl and attending another school. he joins the cheerleading squad and makes friends with fellow cheerleader, marie (nicole eggert). obviously, he can't keep up the charade for too much longer.i thought this movie was utter crap, and it wasn't even funny. but, judging by a majority of reviews, it looks like fans of alanis morrisette or teen sex queen, nicole eggert, are the only ones who'd want to watch this. if you're looking for a good haim feature (or role switching comedy), look no further than 1989. this is about the point that haim's career tanked.

i'd never seen a tarzan movie before so when i saw it on the tele i thought i'd give it a shot. unfortunately i have to say i was disappointed. tarzan was over 40 years old and somewhat overweight. not how i'd imagined tarzan would look. and, unless i missed it while making myself a cup of tea, tarzan never gave his traditional warbling yell. also missing was tarzan swinging through the trees - leaping from vine to vine.oh well, so much for expectations. anyway, jane was there - the monkey cheeta was there. there was some guy with a guitar there. there were villains and good guys and a romance... all very harmless and predictable. nothing bad, you understand, but equally nothing good.probably not the best movie to introduce tarzan: 4/10

last of the johnny weissmuller tarzan films and a good thing too, as this is easily the worst of the 12 films he made over a period of 16 years. no mermaids are featured here either as a beautiful island woman tries to escape the clutches of her people, who worship a god and try to force her to be its bride. she finds tarzan and jane, who try to protect her. george zucco is present as a potentially villainous high priest but isn't used to his full advantage. also on hand and worthy of mention is a hugely annoying guitar player/singer who goes into song every so often. even the "great" robert florey can't aid this one.*1/2 (of four)

the first half of this version was the best i've seen (and i think i've seen every version of jane eyre ever made). the development of jane's childhood and character were exceptional. then, it was as though someone said "uh oh, this is running too long," and hacked the rest of the story to shreds. the major scenes, when included at all, are glossed over, combined, and put out of order in such a way that they completely change the storyline. there was so little transition or even scene development that it would be difficult for anyone not familiar with the story even to follow. the big disappointment was that the beginning opened so much hope, and then the end dashed it.

as a "jane eyre" fan i was excited when this movie came out. "at last," i thought, "someone will make this book into a movie following the story actually written by the author." wrong!!! if the casting director was intending to cast a "jane" who was plain he certainly succeeded. however, surely he could have found one who could also act. where was the tension between jane and rochester? where was the spooky suspense of the novel when the laughter floated into the night seemingly from nowhere? where was the sparkle of the child who flirted and danced like her mother? finally, why was the plot changed at the end? one wonders whether the screenwriters had actually read the book. what a disappointment

i'm kinda torn on dark angel. the film appears to be a "loving" tribute to the greatest pin-up to ever live - but there is so little actual "content" that the film itself is virtually pointless. i can't really see what the motivation or "point" of this film is - as there is very little biographical information provided in the narrative - so those who don't know much about bettie aren't gonna know much more after watching dark angel either...the film basically chronicles the last few years of bettie's career in bondage modeling. almost the entire film is comprised of "re-enactments" of some of bettie's more "famous" photo-shoots and loops. these re-enactments take up literally 75% of the films run-time, and give virtually no insight into bettie as a person. the film touches briefly on her short-lived legitimate acting pursuits, and her subsequent decision to leave the "business" and become religious - but all of this is pretty much glossed-over in favor of showing long and drawn-out re-enactment scenes...dark angel isn't a horrible film - there's just no substance to it. the other problem is that the actress that plays bettie only really resembles her in farther away shots - up-close it's a no-go. the other thing that irritated me, is that although bettie did several topless modeling shoots - the only nudity in the film was a short segment shot in a zoo during the end credits. the film itself is obviously extremely low-budget, but does what it can set and costume-wise within it's limitations - so no gripes from me there. the acting is pretty wooden and unmemorable from everyone involved. in fact - the most memorable thing about the whole film for me, was noticing during the end credits that the actor who played irving klaw's real name is dukey flyswatter. no joke - check the cast list. can't say that i recommend this one too highly unless you are a true bettiefile completist and must own anything relating to her. and if you are that bad off - then you need to seek treatment anyway...4/10

this movie was bad beyond belief. i saw it during the 2004 san francisco film festival. before it started the owner of the theatre got up and told us how half the audience had left the theatre the night before, which happened to be its "world premiere." i don't think anyone in the theatre understood just how bad the movie was going to be at that point. we all understood by the end. its not a documentary though it was sort of sold as one. dark angel was a bad biography and misguided homage to bettie paige, in which half the movie is actually just remakes of old bettie paige movies. the movie is only 90 minutes long and the content of those 90 minutes is sub par to say the least. a scene would start going then someone would say "wow you're so great bettie, why don't we make another movie." this would be followed by a 5 minutes of a bettie paige remake which was almost as ridiculous as (and even more boring than) the normal part of the movie. by the end of the movie people were laughing every time another bettie paige movie remake came up. it was that ludicrous. i heard a lot of laughter in that theatre, but people were not laughing with the movie maker, they were laughing at the movie and its poor content and structure. this was easy to tell as the parts that would get the most laughs were the ones which were supposed to be serious or revelatory. i know movies are expensive. i have seen many cheaply made independent films but somehow the cinematography and quality of this movie set it apart from anything else i have ever seen. the movie looks like it was made for $12. the cuts, the graininess, and the lack of a sensual plot made this a memorable experience. this movie makes "dude, where's my car?" look like citizen kane. my friends and i left the theatre feeling like we had just paid 8 dollars to be tortured. the only redeeming part of the experience was that we got to laugh about the fact that someone had actually made this movie and thought it was good. apparently, the previous night, the night of the "world premiere" the director/writer/producer had been in the audience and had gotten to witness people laugh at and walk out on his movie. bettie paige's movies were destroyed. they should destroy this movie too.

the major flaw with the film is its uninspired script. it plods back and forth between vignettes of bettie's story and re-creations of the klaw short films. while the klaw re-creations are well done, it is unnecessary to recreate them in their near entirety. page richards, while not an amazing actress, does a decent job overall. and, at times, she does bear a remarkable resemblance to bettie. also of note is some faithful attention to detail. costumes and clothing well done, as is some of the set direction. the sets are generally sparse and feel stage-y, but do feel of the era. it is sometimes surprisingly well lit, and the color palette was clearly thought-out to give the overall look a vibrant, retro feel.

they made me watch this in school and it was terrible. the movie is outdated. the episodes become confusing because fact is combined with fiction to make the story more interesting.the teachers talked about it as a treat but really it was a painfully boring experience.i have read that very few people who appear in this are actors, but most of them them do what they do in the movie in real life.this accounts for cheesy acting very often. also, very often the story becomes mildly outrageous and far-fetched. i don't like the way some of the lines were written and wish they had more meaning to them. though, it was written to be educational, funny, suspenseful, and hip, it ended up being boring, dry, far-fetched, and old. i hope no one takes time to watch this movie because you would be just fine not seeing it.

in sixth grade, every teacher i had decided it would be a great idea to make this movie the curriculum for an entire semester. every class had something to do with this terrible show. we watched it in english and wrote in journals as if we were one of the characters. in math we talked about charts and other sea crap. in science we talked about whales (which was actually somewhat interesting, so this wasn't a 100% waste of time). all day everyday was torture. not only that, but they would subject us to this horror twice a day by making us watch it in study hall as well. i could see if this was a new series or something, but it was, like, '93. i'm still trying to block this out.

i love low budget independent films and had high hopes for this one. but this film is static. never mind the production value, which is very noble for its budget, but the pacing is deadly. admittedly these folks achieve much with little, but the film fails on the most fundamental level. it's boring. the editing is glacial and the pacing stalls. it should have been 65 minutes. the best thing about the dr. jekyll is mr. hyde who isn't seen nearly enough. he had the most dramatic potential. instead we have to suffer through dithering baltimorean-brits stammer through endless and tiresome exposition. it feels like a backwater stage play committed to video.noble efforts by everyone in the production, but a story this tired needed a kick in the pants and funky new low budget technology should have given it a fresh voice. instead it's just a lame retread.

it is so sad. even though this was shot with film i think it stinks a little bit more than flicks like blood lake, there's nothing out there & . the music they play in this is the funniest stuff i've ever heard. i like the brother and sister in this movie. they both don't try very hard to sound sarcastic when they're saying stuff like "my friends are going to be so jealous!" hey, whats with the killer only wearing his mask in the beginning? thats retarded! i practically ignored the second half of this. my favorite part about this movie is the sound effect they use when the killer is using the axe. the same exact sound for every chop!

as far as i can tell you, in spite of earlier comments posted by other commentors, this film is currently available on dvd. i found it only a few weeks ago.it is on the value dvd label and i paid the grand total of 98 cents plus tax for it. i found it at a 98 cent store among racks of plastic bowls and disposable chopsticks. now don't you people who shelled out beau coup bucks for the super-duper swedish import limited edition version feel like you were had??? i thought so.this film was indeed well worth 98 cents. 99 cents, i might start to argue with you. but clearly worth 98 cents. and remember that saying about getting what you pay for. for slasher film mavens only.

this movie is a bad to alright rip off of friday the 13th. the movie is about a killer named bernie who kills people around a camp councilor training camp. he kills people because the camp councilor training camp is on land that was owned by his father, and when the police came to forcefully take his fathers land they accidentally killed his mother (another f13th take off). the intro is seeing bernie killing his first victims. then we are introduced to a family going camping in the same woods, soon after they arrive they are joined by a strange old man who likes talking about his son. later we learn that his son is bernie and that he has him locked up in the back of his caravan after having broken him out of a mental institute. he sets bernie after the family so they can take their stuff and then the chase is on.this movie is only recommended to those who enjoy b grade 80's slashers.

one of the serious potential environmental costs of most mining operations is pollution of downstream streams, rivers and lakes with excess sediments and toxins. one of the most serious examples in 19th century usa of excess river sedimentation was caused by hydraulic mining of gold-bearing gravely hills on the sides of the sacramento valley in the period from the 1850s to the early 1880s. this process involved directing a high pressure jet of water onto the hillside, causing the material to wash downhill, where the gold could be separated from the gravel and sediment. the sediment then collected in a ditch or stream and most found its way to the sacramento river or its tributaries. the sediment that stayed in the river bed increased the likelihood of floods in the downstream agricultural fields and towns and created permanent marshes in some areas. some of the sediment spilled over onto the agricultural fields, where it might cover a standing crop or cover more desirable soil or make plowing difficult. thus, the conflicting interests of the companies that used hydraulic mining and of the downstream farmers adversely affected by these operations is the subject of this nearly forgotten 1938 color film by warner.first, we might ask why warner decided to shoot this film in a rather poor technicolor, a very rare treatment in 1938. a story about wheat farmers and gold miners wouldn't seem to justify the expense and difficulties of color filming at this time. the answer seems to be the inordinate film time spent indoors, with fancy colorful clothes and ornamentations. then, we might ask why colorless george brent was chosen as the leading man and ultimate hero, to be paired with olivia de havilland. among other things, this film really needed a charismatic leading man to carry it. even the usually colorful gabby hayes, in his small role, seemed unusually subdued. unfortunately, i fell asleep before the apparently more dramatic last part of the film. the portion i saw spent too much time establishing a complicated set of relationships between too many people at the expense of graphically portraying the plight of the chosen wheat baron and perhaps nearby town folk and their attempts to deal with their flood and sedimentation problems. it needed to be more like "the good earth", released just the year before. just maybe it would then have been suitable for a charismatic leading man, such as errol flynn. finally, there is the matter of the inane title. surely, warner could have come up with a catchy or more appropriate title. "gold or grain" is short and to the point. incidentally, i understand there is still plenty of gold in 'them thar hills', waiting to be extracted by means other than hydraulic mining.

as a former kalamazoo resident with a fondness for the town i was looking forward to seeing this movie. but, what a disappointment! although the acting and the production values aren't bad, the script is awful, the plot is unrealistic, and the theme is disturbing.the main message of this film is that women are nothing without husbands and children. i can hardly believe how regressive it is in it's view of women. has the writer been living under a rock? although i enjoyed seeing my beloved city on the big screen, i wouldn't suggest this movie to anyone. it's terrible. it's an embarrassment to the city it's named after.

i went to see this film with low expectations, but hoping to be charmed by seeing my home town on film. sadly, that's about all i got. the story covers familiar territory (the high school reunion), but the plot is convoluted and supernatural element adds little to this well-worn theme. though the quality of the acting was good overall, the content of the film was appalling. the sexism of the film was blatant--women are apparently unfulfilled unless they are married, procreating or both (though this was couched as a post-feminist choice ). worse still was the racism--the shrill jewish mother, the black man who still lives at home-- and gratuitous cruelty (tormenting the class geek). we should be ashamed if these characters are thought to represent the inhabitants of the city of kalamazoo, and the writers should be abashed at having brought such broad and cruel stereotypes to the screen.

by reading the box at the video store this movie looks rather amusingly disturbing. you know the type....funny but supposed to frighten you.... this was not funny or horrific. the writing was lame...the jokes failed to make me laugh even at their extreme mundaneness....they were so expected. the actors didn't even do much with such a not so good script...at least i hope that wasn't their best..watch this movie at your own risk......i give it negative 3 stars outta 10

pay no attention to the comments behind the curtain! the majority of people leaving positive comments about this film must be receiving royalties. this is a horrible film in every way. imagine high school kids with no money and no sense of humor making a slasher/comedy video. they would receive a d for this. college kids would receive an f or asked to leave the school. since this monstrosity was made by "professionals" i believe there should be jail time or at least cinema probation. i enjoy watching bad movies like "plan 9 from outer space" but, this thing doesn't even fall into that category. the script, acting, sound, and directing are so bad that it is virtually unwatchable. if you enjoy watching bad films that are amusing stick with ed wood, blaxploitation, or 1970's horror films. after viewing this you get the feeling you've wasted an hour and a half of your life.

for shame, for shame that a fine actor such as joseph fiennes would allow himself to be cast in this piece of nauseating drivel. the movie was not only bad, but down right horrible and of no redeeming quality. the plot, (was there one?) seemed to go no where. the russians played silly kill or be killed games and the rest of the cast should be declared null and void for their pathetic performances. i gave up about 3/4 of the way through and turned it off. a "1" for awful only because there is nothing lower. don't waste your time on this one, you'll not miss anything.

i have not yet decided whether this will replace anaconda as "the worst film i have ever seen".even if you ignore the dodgy accents, low production values and appalling camera work this film has absolutely nothing going for it. i only went to see it as i had read the book and wanted to see how they would work the complicated plot into a 2 hour film.the simple answer is - they didn't. characters appear with little to no explanation as to who they are and then proceed to play no valuable part in the narrative. even the main characters act without reason so that by the time the film reaches it's climax you don't care what happens to any of them.i can accept that books occasionally need to be rewritten to fit into films and that it is perhaps unfair to judge this film against the book it was adapted from. but after my friends and i came out of the cinema i had to spend most of the journey home explaining what was supposed to have happened.they even change the true meaning of the books title "rancid aluminium" by squeezing it into yet another piece of pointless voice over just so they can allow the film to have a cool title.a real mess of a film from start to finish.

there have been some low moments in my life, when i have been bewildered and depressed. sitting through rancid aluminium was one of these.the warning signs were there. no premiere (even the stars didn't want to attend) and no reviews in magazines. the only reason i sat through the film was in the hope that i might catch up on some sleep.nothing in the film was explained. the narration was idiotic. i cheered at one point when the lead of the film appeared to have been shot, then to my growing despair, it was revealed that he hadn't really been shot dampening my joy. i sincerely hope all involved in the film are hanged for this atrocity. there were some positive aspects, mainly unintentional moments of humour. for example, the scene in which the main character, for some unknown reason feels the need to relieve himself manually in a toilet cubicle, while telling the person in the next cubicle to put his fingers in his ears.my words cannot explain the anger i feel, so i shall conclude thus.rancid aluminium: for sadists, wastrels, and regressives only who want to torture themselves.

well, what to say...having seen the film i still have to wonder what the hell the point of it all really was?? v.dodgy camera moves in the courtyard at one point... i had to look away from the screen, i was feeling physically sick... round and round and round.... you get the idea...very very strange accents at many points.... "those that should know, know"unless your getting in for free, or being paid to watch it, or your partner is about to make you paint the house or something.. then forget it...

okay. so there aren't really that many great movies around. recent gems like american dream, the straight story and even toy story 2 don't normally come so close together. but boy (!) does this film counter-balance the quality.i have no idea what these people thought they were doing. are the financiers in this world so easily convinced to fund such a crock of ****? i can just see it now...producer - "so we've got joe fiennes. he's cute as a button and was pretty good in shakespeare in love. and we've got rhys ifans, who isn't cute but was cool in notting hill. we'll mix in a really mediocre score, a few forgettable post-britpop tunes, hemlock root and lizard brains and hey presto you've got the worst film of the new millennium.and believe me, it's gonna be a hard job to make anything as bad as this in the next thousand years."the bank - "i like it! any unnecessary sex? bad camera movements? and what about the worst accents this side of devil's own?"producer - "yeah, we got plenty of those."the bank - "sounds great, where do we sign?"please.

perhaps i couldn't find the dvd menu selection for plot: on off. clearly, the default is off. when the end credits began to roll, i couldn't believe that was it. like our poor, but beautiful protagonist, i felt used, dirty, cheap....the characters were drawn in very broad strokes and the writer's disdain for wealthy thatcherites was all to apparent. i consider myself a "roosevelt democrat", but would appreciate a bit more subtlety.of course, the problem could be with me. i see that many others seem to find some meaning or message in this picture. alas, not i. the only thing that kept me from giving this a "1" was the nice scenery, human and plant.

i decided to watch this serial after seeing the endless adverts for it on the bbc in the weeks prior to it starting. i watched it despite the fact that i don't like the pretentious kind of stuff that alan hollinghurst writes (sorry to his fans but i think we have a case of the emperor's new clothes with this author's work). i admit that the acting is excellent, it is beautifully shot and i was reasonably entertained by it - however- i found that the storyline was extremely thin and after watching all three episodes feel very unsatisfied with this rather empty production. the 'explicit' gay sex that the media droned on about has all been done before on tv - several times - so it was nothing very shocking i'm afraid. full marks for production values but low ones for storyline/content i'm afraid.

this british pot-boiler has one thing going for it: the young men are uniformly good looking. the older men are opinionated, right-wing thatcherites whose behavior brings back all the acrimony of the reagan/thatcher years. young or old, however, morals in this three-part mini-series are universally suspect and no one comes off particularly well.nick is a handsome young gay man fresh out of oxford. it is not pivotal to the story, but he has an extraordinarily beautiful head of hair which makes watching this drivel much easier. nick comes to london with a friend, whose father gerald is a rich conservative politician, and babysits his sister cat while the family frolics in the south of france. they neglect to inform him that, when upset, cat cuts herself with an assortment of knives and other kitchen implements. nick mistakes their self-serving 'gratitude' for affection and moves in, finding out too late just how much they despise and patronize him. inexplicably, nick lives in this house for four years but, as the plot depends on this point, it's best not to question it.while nick is most pleasing to look at, he is unbearably obsequious. his coy subjection to rich bigots soon had me climbing the walls. deeply closeted except to cat (she guesses his big secret on sight), he does like a little anonymous sex just so we know he is actually gay. though it hardly seems possible, nick takes a lover who is even more closeted than he.supercilious tories scorn and insult the two blacks in the film, so imagine the venom which spews forth when nick's sexual orientation is reported in a tabloid. gerald, in true tory fashion, has become involved in several personal and financial scandals, so the revelations about nick add to his embarrassment. this gives gerald one final opportunity to roundly castigate the hapless boy.except for one brief moment of indignation, nick takes the abuse heaped upon him in silence and tacit agreement. denial, self-loathing, naiveté, or ignorance? you decide, if you can manage to sit through this whole thing without throwing something at the set.

even if you subscribe to the knee-jerk anti-free-trade politics of this movie, it is still just the same tired note, played again and again and again. clink clink clink. even if you can accept a preacher with peroxide hair who advocates a return to first principles, the reverend billy is pretty hard to look at as a serious figure. the clownish reverend is the sort who wakes every morning with no aspiration more ethereal than to see his own face on tv before he climbs back into bed that night. he has a pretty wife, i have to admit, but it would take tons more than that to save this dreary mess of a movie. the interminable bus rides are the worst part--with progress shown--can you guess?--by a colored line moving across a map. aww, you guessed. oh well, it has the virtue of being short. is that the only favorable thing i can say? hmmmm. yep, afraid so.

the intention the directors has for this films are quite honorable, but his history of his productions did get me aware that this might not get much to the core like other film makers would do it. keeping his great 30 days tv series in mind but also counting in his mtv production "i bet you will" that opposes his seriousness in any of the matters he documents and also counting in his rather disappointing production "supersize me" i did not had my hopes up high. sadly enough this movie disappointed me none the less. as with "supersize me" after a while i did ask myself what exactly the point of all this was. the main statement gets clear enough after half an hour but the rest of the playtime gets filled with rather pointless stuff and re-repeating stuff that were already shown in this way or another earlier in the movie, so it wears out and gets extremely boring towards the end.

this film is just another distortion, among many distortions, on the so-called 'sins of consumerism'. please note that 'reverend billy', an actor (bill talen), is nothing more than a bureaucrat against the 'sins of consumerism'. we might want to ask are questions, like: what does 'reverend billy' do for a living? how does he make his money? does he make his living off his 'tax-deductible' organization? how does the internal revenue justify this as a 'tax-deductible' church or organization? everyone knows that christmas is commercialized, but it affords one day out of a whole year in which people have an opportunity to be charitable, and allows a significant number of people to spend time with their families, friends, or extended families. everyone is not charitable. everyone does not spend time with their families, friends, or extended families. but, holidays and vacation time give people that chance and opportunity. yes, america does have more than its share of problems--but, with perseverance, americans have and always make it through great difficulties. and, even in times of strife, america has proved itself to be the greatest country in the world. that happens when americans pull together and unite, rather than to separate and divide. yes, there are problems with corporations and monopolies, but it will take americans to bring back the small businesses, along with the ethics to responsibly care for people living in our individual communities. yes, globalization has brought us its share of problems, but it will take americans to bring production back to america. americans and the u.s. government need to learn how to stay on a budget, no matter how large or small it may be, and we must stop our dependence on credit. our over-reliance on credit will make, and keep us poor, from the cradle to the grave. it is important to buy--but, if we buy less, we will rely less on credit. and, if we are able to save, even a small amount of money, we will have money for a rainy day. not to say that, as americans, we will gain an equal share of wealth. wealth is not guaranteed, and has never been guaranteed. but, stratification teaches us that only a small percentage of americans hold most of america's wealth. there is a good proximity that you or i can reach the level of the upper, middle class. and, who knows what can happen from there?!? be positive, work hard--and, at the very least, you and i will be able to reach at least some (if not all) of our dreams. in life, nothing is guaranteed, but we always have that something to reach for. and, if you or i don't have dreams, we might as well be dead. in america, there is always room for plenty of hopes and dreams. as individuals, we are a part of the pack, but we always can become the leader of the pack.it has always been my experience that churches and religion do offer nothing more than additional distortions, but i pay dignity and give respect to people with other beliefs, values, and perspectives. but, as far as the distortions expressed, within this film, i do not have any faith in such beliefs, values, and perspectives. i rank this film with a 1 out of 10--but, in all honesty and truth, this film deserves a zero. this film has no integrity, and i cannot recommend it.

i will be short...this film is an embarrassment to everyone except its cinematographer. the very fact that it is a critique of the sex tourism industry seems valid until we are "treated" to a lingering dance scene. the plot is ridiculous no one except the most ardent fan of bad horror will get anything out of it. and for the love of god please stop saying this film is a tale of innocence lost or even of female empowerment because it is quite clearly not (childish fumbling lesbians, what the hell?). this was by far the worst film at the edinburgh festival (that i saw anyway), someone even collapsed halfway through the film probably because they couldn't take any more of it. this may seem like an overly critical rant but i genuinely cannot find a redeeming feature of this film except for perhaps if you take it as pure comedy. in short this film is best watched on a cocktail of class a drugs.

i have come out of several years of lurking on these boards due to the sheer lack of intelligence that is communicated through the reviews that periodically appear on this film's imdb space. i saw this movie courtesy of subway cinema's new york asian film festival (which had an otherwise excellent selection of movies this year, see vital, snake of june, cha no aji, survive style)and have regretted every day that a scene from that movie disengorges itself from the back of my mind, and becomes a vivid memory.i'm sure that you can read a laudatory summary of the film off of subway cinema, which is probably why i made the mistake of dragging my friend to the film. the description built up the kind of horror film that i had longed for for a while, one that relies on sheer terror rather than cheap scares. p was in fact different. it relied on cheap laughs.the incredibly annoying announcer described this movie as "lesbians team up to fight monsters." completely untrue. there is a subplot built up in this film to make it seem like the relationship between the girl and pookie is actually going somewhere. more lies. this film seems like a short made for "are you afraid of the dark?" the story is ridiculous, and only succeeded in eliciting laughter and confusion from the audience after they finally rescinded their attempt to view this film with any semblance of seriousness and try to forget the $9 that they wasted at the door. i almost wish paul spurrier was in the audience so that i could laugh at him and ask him why he wasted 5 years in thailand to make a bad softcore horror-cum-porn that belongs on the spice channel, which only succeeded to get the actress excommunicated from her family, and caused a minor stir at the belgium film festival. the only stir that this caused was a gurgle in the lower intestine as it couldn't extract itself from the sh*te that it is. anyway, i hope i can dissaude anyone from making the grave mistake of seeing this film, it was truly one of my top 3 worst movie experiences, knocking out soulplane for the number 2.

made the unfortunate mistake of seeing this film in the edinburgh film festival. it was well shot from the outset, but that's the last positive comment i have about the film. the acting was awful, i wonder if actual gogo girls were hired? but it was the plot that was truly laughable, in fact that it was laughable and not boring is the only reason i gave this 3/10.** spoilers below **.i just want to mention a few of the scenes that really got the audience laughing:.shoving the girl in the field: who would have thought that a kid shoving another kid could be acted so badly. a real eye-opener.the getting on the bus scene: the girl is getting on the bus. but, according to the music, the world is ending.the rolling under the clothes line: wow, this one really demonstrates the plot writer's skills. in the room, followed by raw meat and skill selling. why not just get her to perform all three 'sins' at once? at least then the film might have been slightly shorter.the running down the stairs of the mall: watch as one of the girls takes to flight down the stairs pursued by a flesh eating dau, no wait .. she *is* just walking quickly trying not to break her nails.the running covered in blood: this is definitely my favourite scene, and a fitting end to the movie. a half marathon in red paint, completed by vaulting up stairs and over the bridge, only to be sent flying most unrealistically by a passing car. not only this, but this suicide is undertaken by the most self obsessed girl in the film, now that's sticking to character for you.i'd like to think that this film was created by a 16 year old and their mates. sadly, having met the director at the presentation, this is not the case.but, if you're in a sarcastic mood, and fancy a laugh with a few mates.. then still don't even think about it.

watching "kroko" i would have liked to leave the cinema very much for the first time in my life. i would not recommend to watch this movie: flat main characters - absolutely no development e.g. kroko the metaphoric german problem child remains a pure metaphor without any capability of positive involvement despite several plot-wise chances to do so. uninspired actors, non-evolving plot. i guess the movie attempted an environmental survey but did not succeed: camera appeared shaky rather than motivated. pictures were low - contrast, gray and dark - i am sure deliberately but the components did not add up to a convincing impression of the social milieu. the story had certain potential though, it could have made a good short story.

any person with fairly good knowledge of german cinema will surely tell that numerous films about a young girl having troubles with her mother as well as her boy friend have been made in the past.if such a film is shown to people again,it would surely click provided if it has something new,fresh and captivating for today's challenging audiences. this is also true for german film maker sylke enders as her film's principal protagonist kroko has been mistreated by everybody around her including her mother and boyfriend.she is bold enough to face any punishment as she has tried her hand at all kinds of criminal activities including shoplifting.kroko was originally shot on dv to be blown afterwards to 35 mm format.its technical virtuosity does not hamper our joys when we learn that kroko would like to become a policeman as she feels that she is averse to the idea of becoming a run of the mill hairdresser.if someone were to state a positive aspect of sylke enders' film,it may well be kroko's involvement with handicapped people as a result of a punishment.it is with kroko that we learn that punks are human too with their unique joys and sorrows.

slim slam slum is a sad and disappointing picture. there is absolutely no reason to this sorry excuse for a picture. don`t go there, what ever you do, don`t. watch tv-shop for 10 hours straight instead. that way you will be slightly amused.

the show had great episodes, this is not one of them. it's not a terrible episode, it's just hard to follow up "the man that was death.", "all through the house", and "dig that cat, he's real gone."this episode is about a couple that has just been married peggy (ammanda plummer) and charles (stephen shellen). in the first five minutes you find out that charles only married peggy for her money. the two go on their honeymoon and their car breaks down on a dirt road and they have to seek refuge in an old abandon mansion. charles soon finds out a secret of peggy's family...in my opinion you should watch this episode, but just don't expect the same feeling as the rest of the episodes in the first season.

horrid!!the special effects make the tv version of "tremors" look real!no one in the cast can act.kind of like the '62 "voyage to the bottom of the sea" meets the cartoon ocean going electric eel cartoons.

this was one of the worst movies ever!!!!!!!! it was so bad, i was laughing through the whole movie! the plot was so cheesy; especially the end. this movie turns from an end-of-the-world-disaster to save-the-eels! i mean, c'mon! and i swear...i think they use sock puppets for the eels! and there was this horrible kiss scene in the middle with the two main characters who happened to be divorced. how predictable! it was so terrible that my mom, my sister, and i couldn't finish it, and when we did finish it, it was about a year later! the second time we watched it and we finished it this time, we did mst3k-like comments throughout the movie.summary: only watch this if you're a movie basher! make hilarious comments, watch this at a sleepover for laughs, and i mean huge laughs. also watch for mockery. the metaphor that explains this movie: this movie is a very shallow field full of cheese and sock puppets!

actually had to stop it. don't get me wrong, love bad monster movies. but this one was way too boring, regardless of the suspenseful music that never leads you anywhere. the actress had too many teeth and that moment when she makes contact with one of the beasts, was way too obvious a cliché. this film totally betrays the cover on the dvd which looks pretty interesting. from the cover one expects a giant monster, but you get these cute not as gigantic as expected electric eels. moved on to watch another film called the killer rats but that's another review. deep shock was really crap, a big shame considering the fact that it looks pretty high budget.

unreal "movie", what were these people on?? a mix of french upstairs downstairs, mating horses,porn (not suggested, its pretty full on for a film) & bestiality with a bit of benny hill music & chase scenes thrown in, its sounds crazy & its even more so to watch. **spoiler** it plods along in a tedious fashion for quite a while,.... then a lamb does a runner, prompting woman in period dress to run off after it, she goes into the woods where she is set upon by an erect "penis" attached to a man in a bear/rat manky suit, i put it like that as its obvious the "penis" is in charge & gets way too much screen time, ejaculating for the most of it, anyway, in a nutshell, it turns out she liked a bit of bear/rat tadger & thats about it, the rest is just padding. **end spoiler** a film made to shock & offend, thus getting talked about, any publicity is good publicity i suppose,a waste of time really, but the "main event" has to be seen to be believed, its hard to imagine that anyone thought it was a good idea as they filmed it.

deep sh.. is more like it! the eels are just cartooned in over the film. think "the incredible mr. limpet" meets "leviathan". very tacky.no character or relationship development. so called "romantic" scenes very corny and predictable. an interesting idea, but a poorly written script and lousy special effects make this a definite must-miss!

i don't get this. the movie obviously has a pretty good budget. it has very good cinematography. it has nice pacing, good editing and pretty good directing too. then why oh why didn't they hire someone to do a final rewrite of the script so it would not be so damn cheesy and why oh why did they hire such lousy actors that can't act their way out of a paper bag? this movie could have been good. at most times it looks good and feels good but in the end, you realize that the movie was no good at all.so i would say it's a good production but a bad movie. too bad actually.and eels? come one, really!

notorious for more than a quarter century (and often banned), it's obscurity was its greatest asset it seems. hey, it's often better to be talked about, rather than actually seen when you can't back the "legend" up with substance.the film has played in los angeles a couple of times recently, and is available on home video, so that veil is slowly being lifted. while there is still plenty to offend the masses, it is more likely to bore them, than arouse much real passion. except for a gratuitous and protracted xxx sex scene between a pair of horses ("nature documentary" anyone?), there follows nearly an hour of a dull arranged marriage melodrama. once the sex and nudity begins, it is a nonstop sequence involving masturbation, a looooooooong flashback to an alleged 'beauty and the beast' encounter, and a naked woman running around the mansion (nobody, even her supposedly protective aunt, seems to even think of putting some clothes on her!). on video, i guess you can fast-forward thru the banality, but it's not really worth the effort. the nudity doesn't go beyond what is seen in something much more substantive such as bertolucci's the dreamers.try as one might to find some 'moral' or 'symbolism' in the carnality, i doubt it's worthy of anyone's effort. unfortunately, for la bete, now that you can more easily see the film, the notoriety of something once 'forbidden' has been lifted. and this beast has been tamed.

this film was shrouded in scandal for so long that it became a very sought after item...the outrage, the mystery, etc. it had everything to be a great piece of film-making, but ultimately fails in every extent. it's a terribly bad comedy, a pathetic horror movie, a lame erotic film.the 2 disc dvd includes a gorgeous booklet with stills, interviews, essays on bestiality, etc. as well as an extensive interview with the more-than-pretentious director. for those who have heard about it but never seen it, the package will seem fantastic until one actually sees the film. disc 1 contains the edited film, badly translated to english but with good visual quality. disc 2 contains the director's cut, in an awful transfer, in french.what can i say about the actual beast? a hand puppet of kermit the frog would have been more effective and shocking.

this movie is little more than poorly-made, fetish porn, and this is saying a lot considering the similar crap that was made in that era. this was recommended to me by friend as a "unique film experience." he was right. i suppose he meant that as a joke. not disgusting, not even that shocking. just mediocre acting and poor attempts at shock art. a little bit of camp value, though i don't believe the makers of this film intended this. and yes, as a previous reviewer mentioned, it's sex with a guy in a bear suit. don't spend a lot of money on this. try to borrow it, if you must see it. or contact me, i'd be happy to sell you my copy for half price.i may have to see another of this particular director's films, as he seems to have a certain following. but if it's anything like this, i will again regret another 2 hours of my life gone forever.

this, and immoral tales, both left a bad taste in my mouth. it seems to me that borowczyk is disgusted by sex, and these two films are cautionary tales about what will happen if you do have sex. as a film, it's not very well done -- some of the acting is truly epically bad (such as the "american" woman with the french accent). the young woman's sudden flip-flop from being anxious about the marriage to being interested (when it seems like it should have been the other way around), and the aunt's sudden realization of the young man's secret don't make sense -- they're not explained at all. i also didn't like how the daughter's relationship with a black man was presented as a sign of her family's perversion or predilection for bestiality. the central idea, the idea that there's this "sexy beast," if you will, that lives in the woods, could have been a foundation for a perverse but fun story, but instead is just used as a basis for a nasty, sex-negative, morality play.

this is one seriously disturbed movie. even though the boys deserved some of what they got.....the sadistic gruesome executions were "slightly" over the top. the only character showing some conscience early in the hunt was killed off before he could offer some help to the sad plot.at the beginning of the movie, there looked to be some promise of a mediocre affair, but this was just a ploy to lull the viewers into a false sense of security, before the joy of what was to come. the only thing that could have saved the movie for me was if jack nicholson had jumped out of the bushes and yelled, "and, where is the batman?". kim basinger could have screamed. now that would have been cool!

what a weekend. two days ago i watched the first half of "war games 2: dead code", now "while she was out". i am trying to come to a decision which one was worse in terms of pain in my mind while watching. i guess, "while she was out" was worse.it has all been said before in other comments: unrealistic, illogical etc. - the only thing i really have to add is that at some point i started feeling more for the evil guys than for the woman because i would have recommended her for a darwin award if she actually died (only watched first half, so i don't know). soon i was at two darwin awards (if that's even possible) for her immense stupidity.and, hey: produced by kim basinger? so she did not only know the script but was also responsible for bringing this waste of money to us, the people? i consider humans who waste considerable amounts of money to be evil because the money could have used to feed and clothe quite a few people instead of hurting 80 percent of those who saw it in the cinema and giving 20 percent, which are idiots, a good opportunity to show just how much of an idiot they are.

it is obviously illegal. pedophiles pray on stuff like this. how did they get away with making such a movie? this movie is all summed up in one word, sick. where do people get off making, and watching these kinds of films. as i was watching the movie i didn't actually think they would allow this kid that is say maybe 12 if that actually sleep with this woman. sorry if this is a spoiler to you but i would have rater not seen this. where has the sanity of these people gone? maybe the makers of this movie are pedophiles? our society today is filled with all types of sexual predators that pray upon children, yet film makers make these types of movies that do nothing but provoke this type of behavior. i noticed that on a previous comment someone asked if there was a version where it showed them naked. this is a kid here, and someone is asking something like this? what is wrong with this picture?

back in my days as an usher "private lessons" played at the 4-plex i was working. it was a sleeper hit selling out friday and saturday nights for several weeks. i never got around to seeing it but saw that it was on cable this last weekend, so i decided to give it a shot. what i witnessed for the next 90 minutes was one of the worst movies i have ever seen and one that made me terribly uncomfortable to watch.the basic story is a teenage boy lusts after his sexy maid (sylvia kristel). she, too, seems to feel an attraction towards the boy but for more sinister reasons. so we get scenes of the boy watching her undress and her inviting him in to watch. and it goes from there.eric brown, as the teenage boy, has to be one of the worst actors i have ever seen. his "scared" reactions to every time sylvia takes off a piece of clothing or when she touches him are horrible. i didn't laugh a single time during this piece of junk.and let's not get started on the subplot of the maid and chauffeur planning to extort money from the kid. let's just say it involves faking a death, burying a body.... i could go on and on but it gets more ridiculous.the sex scenes are the worst i have ever seen. even though eric brown was older then he looked, the fact is he looks like a baby. it appears he has no idea how to kiss a woman (if that was acting then maybe i should re-think my criticisms of brown) and it just came too close to bordering on child pornography to be erotic. i have never been so turned off by a sex scene even though miss kristel is quite beautiful with and without clothes.**spoiler warning** i must make mention of the last scene. to me it's just plain sick but i can remember audiences cheering as the film freeze framed and dissolved into credits. our hero returns to school and begins a flirtation with one of the female teachers. he asks her out for dinner and she gives him a look as if tom cruise has just asked her out. she nods affirmatively and he walks away, smiling at the camera in triumph. give me a break! yes i am sure teachers all over would just risk everything for a plain looking teenage kid.i will never understand the appeal this film had in 1982. certainly it was more then the nudity because there were plenty of teen sex comedies with nudity that bombed at the box office. and to think that these same teenagers that cheered that movie 22 years ago are now working their way up corporate ladders and possibly helping to run this country. that is a scary thought.

let's put political correctness aside and just look at this in terms of the numerous sex comedies that came out in the 1980's because i for one don't think this is any better or any worse than the others. unless your some religious kook or an uptight female you can probably view a silly film such as this without getting all worked up about the content and i personally had a totally innocuous feeling towards this before and after watching it. story is set in albuquerque, new mexico where a rich 15 year old boy named phillip "philly" fillmore (eric brown) is naturally horny as hell and starts spying on the attractive maid that has just started working for his father.*****spoiler alert***** nicole mallow (sylvia kristel) is friendly to philly but things heat up when his father goes out of town on business and she starts to flirt with him to the point where she invites him into her bedroom to watch her undress. philly is awkward and doesn't know how to react at first but soon he goes for it and has sex but than to his horror it seems that nicole has died from a heart attack! with the help from the sleazy chauffeur lester lewis (howard hesseman) they seemingly have buried her body but a note from a blackmailer shows up and philly must get $10,000 out of his father's safe. philly is shocked when nicole shows up and he learns that the whole thing was an extortion plan set up by lester and that she only went along with it because she's an illegal alien and if she didn't do what she was told lester would have called the immigration office. together they try to get his father's money back before he returns home and they enlist the help from jack (ed begley jr.) who is a tennis instructor but pretends to be a cop to scare lester.this little comedy was made for less than $3 million but it grossed over $50 million worldwide and made it one of the least likely films during that time to be so successful which prompts me to wonder why this was a hit and not any of the others in the genre. director alan myerson can boast that he made a hit film but the truth is that he never really had a career in films although he did go on to be very successful in television. so...why did this become so successful? i have a thought that it just may be because of kristel and before you decide that i'm crazy listen to my reasoning. kristel was an international star because of her soft core films so that reason alone made many free thinking adults curious about viewing her in an american film that was getting a wide release. with that, the same adults would also be nostalgic about their own youth and the fantasy of being taught the ways of lovemaking by an attractive older woman which brings in the much younger audience members who are probably still very inexperienced and curious about the film. anyway, that's my thought and if anyone has another reason i would love to hear it but back to the film itself it's apparent (and very sad) that a film like this could probably never get made again (except in europe) because of the religious right and the other prudish freaks who just can't come to terms with the fact that a teenage boy getting laid will not do him any harm. in fact, it's a valuable service that all boys pray will happen to them! the film itself is clumsy and kristel's body double is all too evident in certain scenes especially if you take careful note of the difference in their nipples. the story (although intriguing in it's basic form) is neither very funny or revealing so were left ogling the nude scenes that are really the norm for the genre.

one of the those "coming of age" films that should have nostalgia for adults and promise for the kids. this movie has neither. it is a poor excuse to let sylvia kristel's body double frolic with a dorky eric brown. to make matters worse, the movie is either silly or stupid when it tries to be funny, sexy, or dramatic. laugh awkwardly as we are supposed to believe that a teenager would go alone with burying a dead woman in his front yard. ponder vigorously on why a woman famous for emmanuelle needs a body double. as the movie went on and on, i started to imagine a hybrid of private lessons and little miss millions that had sylvia kristel seduce jennifer love hewitt as howard hesseman makes us nostalgic for wkrp. watch this to laugh at other people's stupidity, or for ed begley jr.'s committed performance, or to wonder what sylvia kristel would look like with jennifer love hewitt. but i can give you an idea of your lesson, stay away from movies staring sylvia kristel that are not emmanuelle.

the film looks super on paper. a romantic comedy in which a frantic lover gets dragged into a smuggling thriller should be generic cross-breeding gold, especially with this excellent romcomic cast.i'm afraid lawrence kasdan simply gives his two stars too much rope though and they duly go and hang themselves. adam brooks' script may well be to blame but you'd expect better from the kevin kline of a fish called wanda. instead the two ping-pong off one another and the unlikely burgeoning romance is never reconciled satisfactorily with the reason either of them are in and dashing around france.jean reno co-stars amiably as the cop-with-a-heart and i guess wishes he was a star-with-a-part. mind you he went on to do those pink panther remake(s!) so perhaps he was ok with this... 3/10

ben masters,(kyd thomas),"dream lover",'86 plays a sort of mike hammer character, a private eye who does any old job for a buck and never misses out on all the sexy curves of good looking gals. kyd makes one big mistake when he stops morgan fairchild,(laura cassidy/eva bomberg),"arizona summer",'73 from getting beaten up and raped. kyd takes laura home to his pad and when he wakes up, she is out on his patio eating his eggs and orange juice and making herself right at home. by the way, kyd sleep in his bed and laura slept on the couch for this particular scene. laura is mixed up with all kinds of hoods and there are some hot scenes between kyd and laura. all said and done, this is a lousy picture and i purchased the dvd for only $1.50 and i really got ripped off !

when i got this movie free from my job, along with three other similar movies.. i watched then with very low expectations. now this movie isn't bad per se. you get what you pay for. it is a tale of love, betrayal, lies, sex, scandal, everything you want in a movie. definitely not a hollywood blockbuster, but for cheap thrills it is not that bad. i would probably never watch this movie again. in a nutshell this is the kind of movie that you would see either very late at night on a local television station that is just wanting to take up some time, or you would see it on a sunday afternoon on a local television station that is trying to take up some time. despite the bad acting, cliché lines, and sub par camera work. i didn't have the desire to turn off the movie and pretend like it never popped into my dvd player. the story has been done many times in many movies. this one is no different, no better, no worse. just your average movie.

when i got this movie free from my job, along with three other similar movies.. i watched then with very low expectations. now this movie isn't bad per se. you get what you pay for. it is a tale of love, betrayal, lies, sex, scandal, everything you want in a movie. definitely not a hollywood blockbuster, but for cheap thrills it is not that bad. i would probably never watch this movie again. in a nutshell this is the kind of movie that you would see either very late at night on a local television station that is just wanting to take up some time, or you would see it on a sunday afternoon on a local television station that is trying to take up some time. despite the bad acting, cliché lines, and sub par camera work. i didn't have the desire to turn off the movie and pretend like it never popped into my dvd player. the story has been done many times in many movies. this one is no different, no better, no worse. just your average movie.

when i got this movie free from my job, along with three other similar movies.. i watched then with very low expectations. now this movie isn't bad per se. you get what you pay for. it is a tale of love, betrayal, lies, sex, scandal, everything you want in a movie. definitely not a hollywood blockbuster, but for cheap thrills it is not that bad. i would probably never watch this movie again. in a nutshell this is the kind of movie that you would see either very late at night on a local television station that is just wanting to take up some time, or you would see it on a sunday afternoon on a local television station that is trying to take up some time. despite the bad acting, cliché lines, and sub par camera work. i didn't have the desire to turn off the movie and pretend like it never popped into my dvd player. the story has been done many times in many movies. this one is no different, no better, no worse. just your average movie.

there aren't many good things to say at all about underneath, soderbergh's untrue endeavor into neo-noir. soderbergh remakes robert siodmak's decent noir criss-cross faithfully, not altering the plot very much at all, however the adaptation drains it of every ounce of its state-of-the-art film noir atmosphere, giving it the same story set in the very least appealing places, lifestyles and anachronisms. soderbergh, who would later make wonderful crime films like out of sight and the ocean's series with great style and atmosphere, takes the dangerously obvious route to modernization by renovating the story with the ugliest, dullest and flattest fashions of the early 1990s. nightclubs have terrible, revoltingly dressed garage bands, peter gallagher's uninteresting version of burt lancaster's anti-hero is left by his femme fatale girlfriend for compulsively buying cinematically lifeless modern appliances like stereos, tvs, and other up to date pieces of equipment that suck the reaction out of the film.it could've been more entertaining and less boring had it a few saving graces like a good score, more flesh to its characters, more than just william fichtner giving performances that aren't wooden, a crisper pace. unfortunately, underneath has none of these things. soderbergh, a fine director, does not utilize his dry detachment to the benefit of his film this time. that disposition works wonderfully when he's helming a crime movie with more tongue in its cheek like the george clooney pictures previously mentioned, or a social or character drama like traffic or sex, lies and videotape. with a movie like underneath, it intensifies the boredom experienced by the viewer.

i read somewhere where this film was supposed to be a remake of the 1949 film noir, "criss cross." i found the latter to be disappointing but it was still better than this film. this movie is a "neo-noir" since it's modern-day and it's in color, two things that purists would make it be disqualified for film noir status. the biggest negative to it, however, wasn't the cinematography (that was fine) but the muddled storyline. hey, some of '40s dashiell hammett stories were similar but i didn't care for some of those either. the filmmakers here did not help the situation by placing flashbacks into the story what seemed like every three minutes. no wonder it was the keep up with this story. it was ridiculous! what happens is that by the 45-minute mark, their is so much confusion nobody cares anymore. i know i didn't.

look, it's the third one, so you already know it's bad. and "maniac cop" wasn't good enough to warrant the second installment, so you know it's even worse. but how much worse? awful, approaching god-awful.when maniac cop goes on a killing spree, a reporter exclaims, "what happened here can only be described as a black rainbow of death."1-- rainbows are not black, and can never be. 2-- rainbows are harmless, and can never inflict pain or death. 3-- a news reporter, one valuable to his agency, might find another way to describe the aftermath of a killing spree. "a black rainbow of death" is not the only way to describe the given situation.this is what you're in for.

the supernatural, vengeful police officer is back for a third installment, this time acting as guardian angel for a wrongfully accused female cop. standard stalk and slash picture, yet well acted and directed, thus making it oddly interesting and watchable, though the violence isn't for the squeamish (especially the director's cut which was originally given an "nc-17" rating).*1/2 out of ****

matt cordell is back from the dead for a third go-round, although i'm not sure anyone cared at this point except for rabid manica cop fans. cordell, who died in the last flick, is resurrected through voodoo, and is now hot on the trail of several miscreants involved in the shooting of a fellow officer cordell is very fond of. i missed part of this early '90s low-budget quickie, but it was pleasing to see cordell wracking up the body count in various, gruesome ways. problem is, the overall film is pretty static, and cordell simply ain't jason or freddy. the interest wanes pretty fast, even with that grand b-movie master robert forster as a doctor who ends up with his brains scrambled. stick with the first film in the series, which is funny and scary and exciting, all at the same time.

i am at a distinct disadvantage here. i have not seen the first two movies in this series, although i have seen a lot of larry cohen films. fans of the series seem to think this is a good film. judging it on it's own, it was pretty boring.you never get a real good look at the maniac cop's (robert z'dar) face, but what i did see was pretty grim. the death scenes seem to be staged to eat up the most film, not to give any thrills. maybe if i saw the nc-17 director's cut, i may be more impressed.the ending with the car chase with z'dar, caitlin dulany, and robert davi was pretty intense. best part of the movie.

i always thought people were a little too cynical about these old andy hardy films. a couple of them weren't bad. modern film critics are not ones who usually prefer nice to nasty, so goody-two shoes movies like these rarely get praisenonetheless, i can't defend this movie either. you can still have an dated dialog but still laugh and cry over the story. watching this, you just shake your head ask yourself, "how stupid can you get?" this is cornier than corny, if you know what i mean. it is so corny i cannot fathom too many people actually sitting through the entire hour-and-a-half.the story basically is "andy" (mickey rooney) trying to get out of jam because he makes up some story about involved with some débutante from new york city as if that was the ultimate. people were a lot more social-conscious in the old days. you'd hear the term "social-climber" as if knowing rich or beautiful people was the highest achievement you could make it life. it's all utter nonsense, of course, and looks even more so today.however, it's about as innocent and clean a story and series (there were a half dozen of these andy hardy films made) as you could find. also, if you like to hear judy garland sing, then this is your ticket, as she sings a couple of songs in here and she croons her way into andy's heart. oh man, i almost throw up even writing about this!

'the fox and the child' is the new film by french director luc jacquet, who brought us the oscar-winning documentary 'march of the penguins.' it focuses around a young girl (wonderfully played by bertille noël-bruneau) and her blooming friendship with a fox.there are some truly mesmerizing moments here; badgers mucking about, a lynx chasing the fox through a snow-littered forest; one scene in particular when the fox is being tormented by a pack of wolves is quite intense and even frightening at times. however, there's simply not quite enough of them.beautifully shot; the cinematography is dazzling. the bubbly kind of look of the film is wonderful. it's undeniably a very lush production.the english version is narrated by kate winslet, but what little dialogue there already is has been very poorly dubbed. the score is also far too fluffy, or at least it is for my liking; and the screenplay, while subtle, seemingly jumps from one scenario to another, ultimately leaving me almost baffled.while there's a nice moral at the heart of the film, and the rather quiet performance from noël-bruneau is quite lovely, the real star is the fox. those captivating moments focusing solely around our furry little friend are tremendous. however, again, there's simply not nearly enough of them.- to keep up to date with all the latest in film, including reviews, news, discussions and more, be sure to visit www.mybluray.com.au

the one reason i remember this is that it was shown the week after nigel kneale`s brilliant quatermass serial was broadcast . the trailers made heavy emphasis that the main character had a mutilated arm which had me hoping he`d be like victor caroon from the quatermass experiment stalking the streets of london .no such luck because the racing game is just a rather drab thriller with the gimmick of having a hero with a physical disability trying to get to the bottom of investigations of corrupt horse racing . i suppose if you`re a fan of dick francis you might enjoy it but setting it in the context of the late 70s when the sweeney had just finished and the professionals was still being produced , there`s something lacking about the racing game . one trailer featured a car over taking another on a motor way , if it`d been a trailer for the sweeney you`d see jack regan over taking a car and beating a confession out of the slags who`d done a blag while the professionals would have over taken a car and blown away the terrorists inside . i think that sums up what`s wrong with this series

basing a television series on a popular author's works is no guarantee of success. yorkshire television learnt this the hard way when in 1979 they bought the rights to the books credited to dick francis, three of which were broadcast under the collective title 'the racing game'. mike gwilym was sid halley, a former jockey turned private eye following an accident in which he lost his right hand, only to have it replaced by an artificial one. gwilym suffered from an acute lack of charisma ( and looked like one of the bad guys ) while mick ford ( who played the irritating chico barnes ) made me think of a horse's arse whenever he was on screen. for six weeks, this less-than dynamic duo charged about the countryside, foiling nefarious plots to fix races, usually by the same methods - blackmail, kidnapping riders or doping horses. yorkshire television threw money at the show, but to no avail. violent, sexist, far-fetched and repetitious, it was quickly carted off to the knackers yard.

i saw this movie a couple years back. i could'nt sleep and there was nothing on. so i peeped it. what really gets me is it makes no sense and thats why its disturbing. richard gets tied up in chicken wire and jarvis starts making out with richard's girl while she's unconscious. then jarvis's buddy troubador is playing some stupid song on his guitar. by the next morning it shows richard's girl talking to jarvis and trouby and then she walks back to richard and looks at him while he's still tied up. then they play some happy music and the movie is finished. i mean what happened? did they brake up? and what was she saying to those 2 guys(trouby and jarvis)? its to puzzling and to poor to. i can't stand movies that are disturbing and don't make sense. this was the worst film i've ever seen since the 90's version of lord of the flies.

i've read a few books about bonnie and clyde, and this is definitely more accurate than the beatty/dunaway version, in that its costumes and locales echo actual photographs taken of the gang. particularly well done is the death of buck barrow, and the capture of his wife blanche. this actress looks looks exactly like the photographs taken that day of blanche grieving over her dying husband. however, this movie is still hollywood, and our anti-heroes stay pretty to the end, even after being shot full of holes (in life, bonnie was badly burned in an auto accident the year before their famous ambush, and did not look like a perky cheerleader at the time of her death). the script is tedious, and the acting is poor, particularly the leads. very disappointing. stick with beatty and dunaway. their's may not be "the true story," but it's a great film.

the crater lake monster is easily one of the most awful, amateurish film i've ever seen - ranking right up there with manos, the hands of fate in terms of poor acting, useless direction, and kindergarten-level production values. in this movie a silly-looking claymation/stop-motion animated dinosaur wakes up after a meteor hits a lake in bumblebum, ca, and begins dining on the local hayseeds. in the thrilling climax, the creature, described by one local as "a giant alligator with flippers", drags it's ponderous bulk over the ground to chase its would-be lunch, before a bulldozer bumps it a couple of times & it dies from boredom. every character in this moovie is a complete moron. one pointless subplot shows a hick go into a liquor store to purchase a $4.75 pint of ripple; instead of simply buying the bottle, the idiot shoots the cashier and another bystander, shoots at a cop, gets chased towards the lake, all so that he can eaten by the monster. unfortunate close-ups of the monster reveal it to be nothing more than a piece of styrofoam. there's a fake magician struggling with a phony british accent (to make him seem more legit), two overly-bumbling redneck boat renters, some cheesy "pre-historic cave art" done in crayon, and annoying banjo-pickin' background moosic. in one painful scene, the fake magician and his dopey wife/girlfriend/accomplice manage to pad the movie an extra 4 minutes by cowmenting on how may stars they can see in the night sky, even though it is clearly day time still. even on constant fast-forward, this moovie hurts, and hurts bad. moocow says call the fumigators, 'cause this cow pie really stinks! :=8p

a handful of nonprofessional actors are terrorized by a prehistoric creature. this creature appears in about thirty seconds of marginal stop-motion animation, but oh how you will long for that margin when for the rest of the movie the animation is replaced by production assistants waving around an inner tube with teeth. no time for terror when this movie is hijacked halfway through by these comic relief boat rental doofuses, who suddenly become the lead characters; but again you gotta admit watching them try to be funny is better than plodding around after the sheriff. only at the end one of them gets eaten and the other one is left sitting on a rock crying tears of loneliness - that's no fun!

a meteor hit's crater lake (hence our title), awakening a plesiosaur, who proceed's to snack on the hick population (in california, that hick capital of the world.) there's bad movies, and then there's "the crater lake monster", which somehow managed to escape mst3k. featuring grating acting, a decent stop-motion beast, and more, this is a dreadful piece of 1970's low budget exploitation/monster movie dreck.while the movie is guilty of many crimes, the biggest one is arnie and mitch, two obnoxious rednecks who serve as our comic relief. they bumble around, fight to stock "banjo music",ogle women, and act like pathetic excuses of humanity. the characters are so bad, they should count as a crime against humanity.

this is one of the worst movies i have ever seen it's extremely boring with lots of boring dialog and has some very annoying characters and a laughable looking creature. the only reason i watched this piece of garbage is because it was on that 8 disc horror set i got. the plot is preposterous and totally stupid as is the finale. no blood what so ever except a few bloody marks on the creature, and a couple of bloody gunshot wounds. the acting is terrible!!. richard cardella is terrible as the sheriff and was quite laughable plus his character is annoying. glen roberts is the comic relief and was not funny at all!. mark siegel is extremely annoying and was also not funny!. bob hyman is decent but not much more then that. richard garrison is annoying and had no chemistry with kacey cobb what so ever. kacey cobb is so so here and had no chemistry with richard. overall avoid this piece of garbage at all costs! bomb out of 5.

if you're the kind of movie-goer who enjoys original content and intelligent suspense...then look elsewhere, kids, cause sleepwalkers really sucks. usually i'm more eloquent than that, but...wow...this was bad. i especially love it when charles offers tanya a ride home, she declines, and then he is seen walking home. where's his car?? anyway, just don't see it, folks. i really want to be more specific, but words escape me. cats jumping on people. a guy getting stabbed by corn. cheesey lines up the proverbial "wazoo". just don't see it. wait, i take that back! see it for writer stephen king's cameo as the guy who owns the graveyard. he's actually pretty good. even with guest appearances by mark hamill and ron perlman, king gives the best performance of the film. but, other than that...wow...bad.

i have nothing against a fast-paced fright-flick, but this stephen king-derived nonsense is too freshly-scrubbed, too bright and modern. the plot, about a new teenage boy in a small town who is a "sleepwalker"--sort of a cross between a vampire and a werewolf--and who feeds on the blood of female virgins, begs for a more mysterious, ambiguous treatment. this thriller is given an inappropriately colorful look and feel, with hardly any atmosphere. the kids are predictably pretty and energetic, but the big plus is alice kridge as the boy's mother; kridge, from "ghost story", never broke out of the filler-female mold, and it's a huge loss that she hasn't been used more. her performance is creepy and intense, and gives hint that "sleepwalkers" might've been a much better film with a different focus and tighter direction. it's too over-the-top and commercially-driven, with an uneven tone that swings wildly from thriller to comedy to drama. stephen king pops up in a cameo, as do real-life directors john landis and tobe hooper. *1/2 from ****

it could have been a marvelous story based on the ancient races of cat people, but it wasn't.this work could have been just that; marvelous and replete with mythological references which kept my fascination fueled. the lead characters (charles brady played by brian krause; and his mother mary, played by alice krige) were shallowly done, had no depth of personality and were hardly likable or drawing. not even mädchen amick (who played tanya robertson)'s character fit into that description. however, as i've said many times before, when you adapt a stephen king novel for tv, you simply must take into account the fact that his books aren't written for tv, and his screenplay talent sadly lacks the fire and depth he exhibits as a novelist. this is another botched attempt to take the magick of stephen king writing, whether that is of his novels or an original screenplay. to simply cut and paste his work onto the small screen. his novels get completely bastardized in the process and all you end up creating is a nice movie; nothing less but certainly nothing more. his screenplays are hit and miss. unfortunately, this screenplay translation was a miss. sorry, sorry, sorry movie.this movie gets a 1.0/10 from...the fiend :.

this movie was so gay like its a mom and son cat that have sex, they also get scared of little kitty cats. they get set on fire by them. the mom cat alien thing kills a guy by stabbing him in the back with an ear of corn? they are bullet proof. invisible. and what not. the star of the movie, clovis, is the cops cat, clovis leads the cops to find the mom alien, and after the mom kills the cops, clovis kills the mom by eating her head then she catches on fire. this movie sucks. it was way way more funny than it was scary, it wasn't even scaryt at all. the girl hits the alien on the head with a camera, it knoks him out. she then goes and hugs her. the then grabs her and begins to rape her. once again, clovis comes to the rescue

written by stephen king, but this treatment is not as solid as most of his stories on film. a mother and son move into a small indiana town with a secret. they are sleepwalkers, feline type creatures that feed on young virgins. this little story has its share of gore and special effects; plus hints of incest.alice krige is outstanding as the mother. others appearing are madchen amick, brian krause and cindy pickett. look for very small roles for john landis and clive barker. stephen king cameos as the caretaker of the cemetery.

i gave this two stars for the awesome dv shot clarity, which lends to the cold and dark sterility of its character. that was being generous, i know.this film fails on all accounts. i can not recommend this, for it is neither poetic, nor blunt. neither dramatic, nor suspenseful. neither controversial, nor ordinary. it is just a wretched piece of trash that no horror or exploit fan can recommend in good faith.do not watch this, whoever you are. . .please, just stay away from this awful product.thank you.

if i could give it less that 1 i would. do not bother to rent; if someone gives you the dvd burn it.this is horrible movie making. a total waste of even digital "film". i have seen better on youtube made by 12 year old boys. lommel claims to have written this, if that is the case he is a classic case of someone who is illiterate in two languages. the story line is none existent, the dialog is mainly screaming, the camera work is some sort of attempted arty flairs with nonsensical cutting of totally unrelated jumps to either industrial transportation scenes or some sort of odd angry young woman rift.i can usually follow a less than obvious plot or see the purpose in a "creative" film - i like david lynch.this one is either so far beyond my limited powers of comprehension i missed it or it is totally pointless. i think this is a "lets see if we can grab a title that will be coming out soon and do a weird rift on it and see if we can grab some of the bucks" con job.i cannot see why lionsgate even bothered with this. totally worthless, it is so bad i will not rent any other by this same director.

really, really bad. how does a film this bad get made? i kept waiting for some redeeming plot point, interesting camera work, or at least some gratuitous nudity but i got nothing. i had just watched cabin fever and i thought it was an train wreck (except for the nudity and pancakes) but it looks like genius compared to this dreck. the best script doctor in the world couldn't have saved this putrid pile of of stinking poo.the only thing going for this "film" is that it ended.i've got a headache just thinking about this movie and trying to write something. ugh! i'm glad i only paid $5 for it and it will soon end up in a landfill.

on the 26th of september 1983 a short dumpy 60 year old woman stood trial for the attempted murder of leonie haddad, a lady whose husband had recently died and had agreed to take in a lodger who came via a housing authority for the elderly. haddad was not made aware that her new lodger had, in fact, come fresh from the patton state mental hospital where she had been incarcerated for an inexplicable knife attack on a married couple three years previously. haddad soon realised that something was 'rotten in denmark' when the woman began to lock herself in the bathroom with a tape recorder reciting prophesies about' seven gods'. haddad's fears were confirmed one night when she awoke to find her lodger sitting astride her chest holding a bread knife announcing that "god has inspired me to kill you". haddad managed to knock her assailant out with a telephone but not before she had lost a finger and suffered deep lacerations to her face and chest. it was a miracle she survived. the lodger was judged to be innocent by reason of insanity but sent, kicking and screaming, back to the laughing academy. ten years later she was released and found that she was now a celebrity; but not for the brutal attacks on her innocent victims, but for her incarnation of 25 years earlier when she was known as the 'queen of the curve's, the 'tennessee tease' and 'miss pin up girl of the world' - the notorious bettie page. director mary harron, mainly known for 'american psycho' takes us back to the glory days of a legendary cheesecake and bondage model (played solidly enough by gretchen mol) who inadvertently wrote the blue print for fetish iconography and whose influence can be detected in everything from comic books to catwalks. t.n.b.p is day-glo fun ride through an evocative depiction of the 1950's where page, with the familial help of good intentioned boyfriends and photographers, becomes the number one star of pocket sized men's glossies with titles like wink, tab and parade. her real dream of movie stardom evades her and a brush with the authorities over obscenity charges in 1957 is the inciting incident which leads her to retire from modelling and give herself to god. the overall style of the film is light and frothy and only darkens momentarily with an allusion to her father's incestuous attentions and a sexual assault which inexplicably appears to have no discernible effect on her. mol plays page as she seems in her photographs, happy, carefree and fun - even the bondage shots betray little more than a good humoured incomprehensibility. the film ends on the upbeat with page cheerfully handing out bibles in a park with no indication of the real life unhappy marriages, personal tragedy and decent into murderous insanity which lay before her; avoiding what i think is the essential core of page's story - rebirth and resurrection. having emerged from a decade of incarceration page found that her cult had been in the ascendance since the mid 1980's and that she had become a huge underground icon, during which, many were asking "whatever happened to bettie page". her 'mysterious' disappearance fed the fires of any number of conspiracy theories only adding to the allure of her legend. when the world's media finally caught up with her she gave no hint of her darker past and she was soon giving interviews for magazines, t.v and being photographed at playboy parties with the likes of pamela anderson and the equally tragic anna nicole smith. she found that she was now more famous than she ever was in her 'glory years' but in the glare of this 'resurrection' it was only a matter of time before the full story would come to light. the only notorious thing about the notorious bettie page is they left out the part when she became truly notorious.

first of all i must admit batman: the animated series is the best batman series by far. we watched it when it used to be on tv. i didn't realize that there was a season four. actually there wasn't. btas ends with season 3, and it should have stopped there.why did they have to mess with a good thing. catwoman and poison ivy now have terrible grey faces. the joker looks beyond scary, it seems that each time they revise his appearance he looks more and more creepier. he doesn't seem to have pupils anymore, and now he doesn't even look remotely human (although he is).bruce wayne is voiced by kevin conroy who does the best batman. although he now looks like superman. there is nothing that sets him apart because they both look the same, bruce wayne now has blue eyes.night wing really needs a haircut, please! alfred just has pupils from eyes, looks more like a character from the 80's.i have watched three episodes from disc 1 in the series and i already find that this version is more violent and graphic (there is blood in every episode).if you are a fan of batman: the animated series, there is no batman season 4. they just included this series as season 4 for marketability. if they just released it as the new batman adventures i don't think as many people would have bought it.save yourself the disappointment and stick to seasons 1-3.

if this series supposed to be an improvement over batman - the animated series, i, for one, think it failed terribly. the character drawing is lousy... (catwoman, for instance, looks awful...) but what really annoyed me is that it made batman look like a sort of wimp who just can't take care of himself in a battle, without the help of two, even three sidekicks. i mean, he's batman, for god's sake! i know the comic books, i know that nightwing and batgirl are supposed to be batman's allies, besides robin, but still... making batman say that he needs help from them... what, he can't handle a few punches? in btas, he could face a dozen adversaries without any problem... he's getting old? come on...and another thing: i really don't think that batman would allow a kid like tim drake to go into battle that soon, without years of hard training. one, it's irresponsible (and batman is everything, but irresponsible), and two, it's not what happened in the comics, if we are to remain faithful to them.batman - the animated series made history, with its animation, its stories and its characters... that really was a legend of batman. the new adventures series turned the legend into just another batman flick.

when i began watching the muppets take manhattan, the choppy presentation and dialogue had me convinced i was watching something recent, so you can imagine my surprise when i came to the imdb and read that it was made in 1984. jim henson may have ended the muppet show when it was at its peak, but spin offs like this and muppet babies (which apparently is based upon a very terrible sequence in this film) are the absolute nadir of all things muppet. i used to wonder why muppets attracted such derision from such film reviewers as mr. cranky, so i am glad that the muppets take manhattan (henceforth: tmtm) set me straight on that one. of course, many series have had a massive drop off in quality when the third episode came around: aliens, robocop, the evil dead, even night of the living dead. so while it is no surprise that tmtm is less than the muppet movie or the great muppet caper, the surprise lies entirely in how much less than the awesome debut or its slightly lesser follow-up tmtm is. not only is the music far less satisfying, the scenes that link it all together are utterly terrible.there are, of course, some redeeming and genuinely funny moments, but they are few and far between. the swedish chef is great in any scene he inhabits, so thank the spirit of small mercies that he appears in one sequence where his eccentricity is exploited to the fullest. the problem is that there are just no scenes that work. the story, such as it is, revolves around a broadway musical kermit is attempting to get produced. he goes through many trials and tribulations along the way, including the sneaking suspicion the viewer has that we have seen this all before. the biggest problem is that kermit does not have a decent antagonist to work off this time. charles durning was cinematic gold as doc hopper, the proprietor of a fast food chain who wants to exploit kermit for his business. charles grodin was dynamite as nicky holiday, a jewel thief the muppets must fight in order to save miss piggy from a lifetime in prison. the saying is that a hero is only as good as his antagonist, and these two are at least half responsible for the greatness of the previous two films.charles grodin also highlights what is wrong with tmtm. namely, the music sucks. the opening number of the manhattan melodies show that is at the centre of tmtm, to put it nicely, makes the drivel that now dominates the airwaves seem coordinated. i might just be letting my peculiar sensitivity to the sounds of words and phrases getting to me, but songs like the rainbow connection inspired tears of joy, not irritation. grodin's big solo during the great muppet caper, while not having the same resonation, he lifts the tone of the film eight steps on his own. he is all class. and if there is one thing tmtm could use, it is rising eight steps in addition to attaining a semblance of class. tmtm also feels severely time-compressed, with the story leaping from scene to scene without any consideration for making sense or giving the story cohesion. maddox himself pointed out that transition and cohesion make a film feel like a coherent whole rather than a mess of thrown-together pieces. see if you can find them in tmtm.while tmtm does have its guest stars, they are either poorly utilised (brooke shields and john landis), or totally out of their element (liza minelli, dabney coleman). to call this a waste of time for puppeteer and actor alike is flattery. the absence of an end credits routine is especially sore here, after animal's "go home" postscript for the muppet movie in particular. which highlights another problem. the characters are poorly written at best, with none of their individual quirks to be seen or heard. animal shouts singular words at times, but they have nothing to do with the plot, or the conversation going on around him. say what you will about set pieces designed to show off characters, but think of animal's moment after eating the instant growth pills, or his "sowwy" after the incident when he pulled the window down on top of his fellow muppets. now see if you can remember a single memorable moment with an individual muppet other than swedish chef's hilarious misunderstanding of three-dimensional film involving popcorn. give up? then you have proved my point.given that labyrinth, one of the henson company's best and most timeless products outside of the muppets, arrived some two years later, it makes tmtm all the more puzzling. perhaps this misfire convinced jim henson to rethink his strategy regarding character development and usage. or perhaps the misfire can be attributed to frank oz, who at the time had just finished working with george lucas on what many would agree is the most childish episode in the original star wars saga. the writers were also involved with the great muppet caper, so i will let them off the hook for this in spite of the fact that a script is one of the most essential pieces of a film. the production is also substantially improved here, with muppets appearing capable of moving in ways that were previously beyond them. had the story and script been better thought-out, tmtm might have been at least comparable to the great muppet caper. as it stands now, it is a great answer to the question of whether muppets write under the influence, or excrete.for that reason, i gave the muppets take manhattan a three out of ten. two to denote its actual quality, and a bonus for the swedish chef's moments. without him, this film would be unwatchable.

as a turkish man now living in sweden i must confess i often watch scandinavian movies. most if them i never understand. i think actors from scandinavia work best in hollywood. last week i watched a film called "the polish wedding" together with a polish friend of mine and we both said it was the worst movie we ever watched. unfortunately i was wrong this movie " house of angels" is even worse. none of the actors can act, absolutely not the female so called star helen bergstrom. the plot is so silly nobody can believe it.i think the whole thing is a mess from the start. lots of bad acting except from selldal and wollter. ahmed sellam

not much to say on this one. a plot you can pretty much peg, in the first 10 minutes. nothing overly wrong with this film, very little action for an action film. there was a chance to explore the characters emotions occasionally. whether an action film is the right genre to do that with, i'm still undecided. sniper was one of the easiest films to watch without giving full attention to, as it had little twists and a straightforward plot. i was probably guilty of that, so with a second watch or with undivided attention it may be better.4/10 (but the best of my 4 out of 10's)

despite its interesting premise, 'sniper' is quite tedious. with a tighter script and sharper directing it could have been electrifying; instead it plods along with little tension.

realistic movie,sure,except for the fact that the characters don't look like to be scared. when billy zane tries to kill someone, he feels bad...but he doesn't look like to. that's why i don't like his performance in this movie. tom berenger is again playing a soldier. no good thrill, realistic sequences. not always shooting, that is one great thing. well filmed. i hate the helicopter sequence, cause only one terrorist kills almost the whole marine bunch...i give it **and a half out of *****

i will warn you here: i chose to believe those reviewers who said that this wasn't an action film in the usual sense, rather a psychological drama so you should appreciate it on that basis and you will be alright.i am here to tell you that they were wrong. completely wrong.well, no, not completely; it is very disappointing if you are looking for an action flick, they were right about that. but it is also very unsatisfying on all other levels as well.tom beringer wasn't too bad, i suppose, no worse than usual; but what possessed them to cast billy zane in this? was it some sort of death wish on the part of the producers? a way to made their film a guaranteed flop? in that case, it worked.if they were actually aiming for success, then why not cast somebody who can act? oh, and might as well go for a screenwriter who knows how to write. ah, yes, and a director who knows how to direct.as someone who sat through this mess, actually believing it would shortly redeem itself, i can assure you it never did. pity, it could've been a good film.

well, my goodness, am i disappointed. when i first heard news of a remake of robert wise's 1963 film, "the haunting", i had a fear that it would be ruined by an abundance of summer-movie sized visual effects. but, deep down, i had faith. surely, with such a talented cast intact...de bont and company will not ruin a film, who's original was a fantastic and frightening movie that understood the delicate art of subtlety. well, subtlety, where are you now!!?? my fears have manifested...a promising movie has gone wrong. yes, eugenio zannetti's production design is jaw-dropping; the movie is wonderfully photographed; and composer jerry goldsmith can never ever do wrong. but, the script puts it's fine actors to the test..asking them to deliver the kind of stilted dialogue that is only spoken in movies. in the end, the always wonderful lili taylor is the only performer to escape with some dignity...and that's just barely. but, the crime of all crimes is that the horror is shown to us. we can no longer use our imaginations, feel that horrible dread of fear of the unknown. no, we get some visual effects to show us what we're supposed to be afraid of...and you know what? as wonderfully realized as they are...the visual effects come off as sort of silly. and the climax is a phantasmogoric mess...but things had gone terribly wrong long before that. everything in the haunting is overdone and overblown. i'm afraid there are no real thrills or creaks in this old haunted house monstrosity...only groans. check out the original instead.

this film seemed way too long even at only 75 minutes. the problem with jungle horror films is that there is always way too much footage of people walking (through the jungle, up a rocky cliff, near a river or lake) to pad out the running time. the film is worth seeing for the laughable and naked native zombie with big bulging, bloody eyes which is always accompanied on the soundtrack with heavy breathing and lots of reverb. eurotrash fans will be plenty entertained by the bad english dubbing, gratuitous female flesh and very silly makeup jobs on the monster and native extras. for a zombie/cannibal flick this was pretty light on the gore but then i probably didn't see an uncut version.

devil hunter gained notoriety for the fact that it's on the dpp 'video nasty' list, but it really needn't have been. many films on the list where there for god (and dpp) only known reasons, and while this isn't the tamest of the bunch; there isn't a lot here that warrants banning...which is a shame because i never would have sat through it where it not for the fact that it's on 'the shopping list'. the plot actually gives the film a decent base - or at least more of a decent base than most cannibal films - and it follows an actress who is kidnapped and dragged off into the amazon jungle. a hunter is then hired to find her, but along the way he has to brave the natives, lead by a man who calls himself "the devil" (hence the title). the film basically just plods along for eighty five minutes and there really aren't many scenes of interest. it's a real shame that jess franco ended up making films like this because the man clearly has talent; as seen by films such as the diabolical dr z, venus in furs, faceless and she kills in ecstasy, but unfortunately his good films are just gems amongst heaps of crap and devil hunter is very much a part of the crap. i saw this film purely because i want to be able to say i've seen everything on the dpp's list (just two more to go!), and i'm guessing that's why most other people who have seen it, saw it. but if you're not on the lookout for nasties; there really is no reason to bother with this one.

black guy becomes rich white guy, and rich white guy seems to embrace hip-hop culture, and most of the "funny" moments of this film play off of this. the problem i have is that it doesn't work and almost never works.ok, so no one would expect lance to grab a body like that and suddenly start acting like charles wellington. that would be too much to ask. i'll grant that. but at the same time, it goes too far the other direction. i'm supposed to imagine a rich white guy singing rap and completely upending things, playing like he's a bastion of hip-hop culture, and people just *accept* him? and what about sontee, who falls in love with him *as a rich white guy*, even though she doesn't care about his money or power? this is so completely unbelievable it's not even funny.i just couldn't suspend disbelief and i couldn't finish the movie. i added one extra star because it did make me laugh, even hard, a couple of times. but i just couldn't get get past the whole "white guy doing hip hop" thing that has never been well done in any movie i've ever seen that tries it. this was no exception.

the main character lance barton gets killed and to heaven before his time. when heaven learns about the mistake he is given the body of just deceased rich old and white mr. wellington.a young black guy in a old white mans body still behaving like the young black man is maybe funny if you see it done by an old white actor. in this movie i ended up reminding myself several times: "chris rock is supposed to be an old white guy".the whole concept does not play as intended: the "illusion" is not transported well and the love story is not believable at all. the fact that all you see is chris rock playing a young black guy, because the old white person everyone is supposed to see is only shown in small scenes, is to much of a challenge for the viewers "suspension of disbelief".

chris rock, apparently desperate for a cozy star-vehicle which would cross his appeal over to white and mainstream black audiences, updates the hit 1978 comedy "heaven can wait" with an urban agenda. he plays a struggling comedian involved in a car accident who has his soul removed too soon from his body--consequently, his angels must find another body to place him in, and can only come up with that of a white businessman. rewriting a movie as bland and sentimental as "heaven can wait" only shows that rock's eye was on the box-office (this was strictly a corporate move organized by the most mercenary of hollywood players). why not strive for something loftier or more memorable than a silly reincarnation comedy that culminates with an evening at the apollo? terrific supporting cast (including the usually-reliable regina king, the wonderful mark addy, wanda sykes, eugene levy, and terrific frankie faison) do what they can, but rock seems awkward and unsure of himself throughout. *1/2 from ****

as hard as it is for me to believe, with all of the awful reality shows out there over the past few years, this one has to take over the top spot for worst one yet. i am still wondering if this was actually just a spoof done by the sctv gang. if andy kaufmann were still alive i'd be sure he was behind this. can a rock band stoop any lower than has inxs to do such a shameful thing as this? the premise is simple and moronic. audition a bunch of karaoke rejects to become the new lead singer of inxs, to take the place of michael hutchence (who committed suicide in 1997). eight years and no hits later, the band commit the ultimate act of patheticness by subjecting themselves to auditioning a bunch of talentless wannabes to be the new lead singer of a band that is 20 years past its prime. so they trot all of these awful singers (i thought american idol had its share of doozies) who do atrocious renditions of just about every classic (and predictable) rock song imaginable. and then they cut to the inxs band members who are seriously discussing the merits of each of these candidates. you could see better (and more original) rock performers at just about any night club in any city in the world.it has all the usual uncreative elements of every other reality show. lame reality participants, lame interviews, lame host/emcee, lame "judging" of performances, and the lame booting of one participant at the end of each show. can these shows get any more predictable? it's clearly a publicity stunt on the part of the band; a last gasp of hope at rekindling their lost stardom before they are finally buried into oblivion. michael hutchence, if he had any shred of dignity when alive, has to be rolling over in his grave. not that inxs were ever a great band, but i had no idea they were this pathetic. if inxs are at all representative of what rock and roll has become, this show would be the final proof that rock and roll is once and for all, dead.

i love all his work but this looks like nothing.. sorry.. this looks more like a "david lynch copycat". i think people like it only because "it's from david lynch".

...but this just isn't working and i am surprised to see how many people consider it good. on what grounds? there are some loose hints here and there, but the whole material is self-indulgent and unconvincing. lynch's movies are generally intriguing because they generate a sense of confusion and yet, are very playful when doing that. there is some visual sense, there are some subplots, characters, ideas etc. but this is dull and yes, pointless. because whatever there is to explore is either to "small", either too far-fetched, or simply told before in a superior manner. it's just lynch exploring dv, nothing more so it should be treated like this. 1/10

wow, i love and respect pretty much anything that david lynch has done. however, this movie is akin to a first filmmaker's attempt at making a pseudo art video. to give you a couple of examples: 1. david lynch is typically a visual filmmaker, however, this had little visual artistic content (blank walls, "up shots" with ceiling in the background) 2. david lynch typically takes great pride in audio, however, in this you could even hear the video camera's hum. in fact, it is very hard to swallow the idea that he had anything to do with this movie. unless......this is a joke, on david's part, to force fans search his website (for hours) only to find this drivel. i hope so, because at least that idea is funny.

i finally got to have a look at this experimental lynch short after waiting for so long....and unfortunately, it wasn't worth it! even for a die hard lynch fan, i found this to be really tedious....nothing happens, there are long, long, long painful pauses where nothing happens, long, monotonous speeches where nothing is said and the whole thing finishes with the viewer not knowing, or caring, what the hell it was all about, what happened before and what happened afterward. there was a mulholland drive allusion - the blonde girl and the brunette girl were very diane and rita -esque, and a lost highway moment with allusions to some significant event that happened but cannot be talked about clearly. unfortunately, it's all very uninteresting and very dull, nothing happens, it's very forgettable and i think i will delete it from my computer and forget i ever watched it. sorry david!

i am a huge fan of david lynch. this film, however, was a quite disappointing experience. apart from the ambient background music – which really sets the mood of the film – it lacks almost all the qualities that i've come to associate with lynch's work. the visuals are dull, to say the least, and the dialog is to vague and monotone to be of any interest.this feels more like a film students awkward try to do an arty dogma movie than the work of an experienced director. i've seen a lot of amateur movies with far superior camera-work, scenery, sound and script. this film lacks almost all artistic qualities. i feel as though i'm watching one of davids home videos, produced during a weekend trip with some friends.

i grew up watching and loving tng. i just recently finished watching the entire series st voyager on dvd, which may have heightened my sense of disgust with this episode, as the difference in style and approach between the two shows couldn't be more stark. the idea may have been good if used as an opportunity to further expand riker's character, which is how it probably would have been treated on voy. they could have featured memories that would be "new" to the audience, rather than simply regurgitating old show clips. the in and out transitions between the "memories" and the "present" in this episode start as cliché in the beginning, and very quickly become intolerable as the tired pattern wears on and on. bar none- worst episode ever.

because of the 1988 writers guild of america strike they had to shoot this episode in 3 days. it's pretty much crap, consisting of repeat cut + pasted clips from season 2 and was described by its writer, maurice hurley as "terrible, just terrible." why the producers couldn't just wait to shoot something decent who knows. i'm guessing because of the strike the production ran out of money and could only release a flashback episode or maybe roddenberry was too sick at the time to be able to veto this half-assery. this episode also marks the final appearance of diana muldaur (dr. katherine pulaski) on the series.

or anyone who was praying for the sight of al cliver wrestling a naked, 7ft tall black guy into a full nelson, your film has arrived! film starlet laura crawford (ursula buchfellner) is kidnapped by a group who demand the ransom of $6 million to be delivered to their island hideaway. what they don't count on is rugged vietnam vet peter weston (cliver) being hired by a film producer to save the girl. and what they really didn't count on was a local tribe that likes to offer up young women to their monster cannibal god with bloodshot bug eyes.pretty much the same filming set up as cannibals, this one fares a bit better when it comes to entertainment value, thanks mostly a hilarious dub track and the impossibly goofy monster with the bulging eyes (franco confirms they were split ping pong balls on the disc's interview). franco gets a strong eurocult supporting cast including gisela hahn (contamination) and werner pochath (whose death is one of the most head-scratching things i ever seen as a guy who is totally not him is shown - in close up - trying to be him). the film features tons of nudity and the gore (tempra paint variety) is there. the highlight for me was the world's slowly fistfight between cliver and antonio de cabo in the splashing waves. sadly, ol' jess pads this one out to an astonishing (and, at times, agonizing) 1 hour and 40 minutes when it should have run 80 minutes tops. for the most part, the severin dvd looks pretty nice but there are some odd ghosting images going on during some of the darker scenes. also, one long section of dialog is in spanish with no subs (they are an option, but only when you listen to the french track). franco gives a nice 16- minute interview about the film and has much more pleasant things to say about buchfellner than his cannibals star sabrina siani.

an actress making a movie in africa is kidnapped and taken into the jungle where she is held for ransom. the producer hires some one to go and bring her back. complicating everything are the cannibals in the jungle who worship a really ugly looking "god" who likes to eat naked women.this is a gory sleazy movie. there is copious amounts of nudity and violence, not to mention violence against nude people. its an exploitation film designed to appeal to the deepest darkest parts of our being, and if the movie wasn't so boring this film would be a classic. lets face it, despite the gore, the nasty sex and abuse,and the ugly monster this movie is a snoozer. the pacing is all off kilter and it puts you out. there are multiple plot lines that all seem to be happening separately from each other, even though its ultimately all one story. worst of all, almost no one says anything. most of the minimal dialog concerns the cruelty or one characters protestations that "i'll do what i want". its such a quiet and dull movie that if it weren't for the frequent screams of the victims i'd recommend this as a sleep aide.this is a movie to avoid unless you need sleep, or unless you need to see every euro-cannibal movie.(an aside. videoasia just released this as part of their terror tales series. their print is oddly letter-boxed which looks to be the result of taking their print from a japanese source (there is fogging) that was cropped to remove the subtitles. their print also has no opening titles)

in fact,it's basically the same movie.and they couldn't even get the time line of events correct.maybe that was intentional due to laziness or not caring.either way,this thing is a real woofer.it doesn't even deserved to be called a movie.i viewed this as a so called second feature on the disc containing the original the boogeyman.i thought my head would explode,and i urge you to run as far in the opposite direction of this thing,if you should be cursed with the misfortune of combing across it's path.it should come with a warning label like:warning-may cause your i.q to drop several points if you are within it's vicinity.for me,there's no doubt this thing is a 0/10

the original boogeyman was a silly but entertaining supernatural slasher flick. it was by no means a great film but fun in the right frame of mind. the third instalment in this series, return of the boogeyman, on the other hand, is simply atrocious. it consists of two things. firstly, cheap and lifeless new footage. secondly, loads of recycled bits from the first movie. the new material is unbelievably amateurish but not in an amusingly inept way, simply incredibly tedious. this footage has clearly been knocked together quickly and without any effort. it serves as a framing device for the endless clips from the first (and possibly second) movies. and boy, do they milk those clips from the earlier films; sometimes reusing sequences over and over again. the only new addition to these parts is a voice over that pointlessly describes exactly what we can see with our own eyes. the whole experience of watching this is truly mind-numbing.return of the boogeyman is an example of the very worst kind of exploitation flick; the kind that exploits the audience in a highly cynical way. i want to keep this review brief and to the point because this film deserves no more. there is nothing here of value at all. this is worthless.

i won't waste a whole lot of time of this one because as far as i'm concerned it isn't really a movie to start with, just a careless mish-mash of borrowed footage and embarrassingly amateurish new footage made solely for the purpose of pasting the whole mess together and call it a "boogeyman" sequel. literally 80% of this film is stolen from its far superior predecessor "the boogeyman", a film that the writers of this garbage apparently didn't even bother to watch because they couldn't even get actress suzanna love's original character's name (lacy) right. and to add insult to injury the killer is invisible in the original footage and visible in the new footage, apparently they think their audience is as stupid as they are. 0 out of 10 and i wish imdb's rating system went that low, the most callous and blatant attempt to rip off people's money i've even seen, you have been warned!

this movie really has no beginning or end. and it's really very unbelievable. mary-k and ashley are supposed to be interns working in a mailing room for an italian fashion company. but, for some reason, they're put up in a 5-star hotel (conveniently located across the street from the coliseum), and all of the other interns they work with are just as abnormally model-looking as they are. one thing that i found obvious in this movie is the way that one of the twins doesn't end up with the guy. i guess they tried to twist their usual plot a bit. nice try.

for the love of god please don't see this movie! its a waste of time, the plot is predictable, as are the romantic scenes. trying to build too much with very little, this film and its evil predictable villain is just lame. the characters aren't developed, and most of the film is padded out with shots of rome, which is much more interesting than the actual film. to top all of that, the acting is a disgrace. i know everyone tries to find their niche, but this is truly a disaster. i can't believe that someone actually paid however many millions of pounds to put this film on screen. don't waste money or time on this film, go see your grandma or something worthwhile instead.

irene dunne finished her illustrious career with this so-so movie. she should have gone out with a bang, being the classy actress she was, not in this unmemorable, almost unknown film. this lightweight comedy is okay, but nothing special. the first half of it is far better as it gets pretty stupid in the second half. maybe irene could see the handwriting on the wall and quit. even her high-pitched voice got a bit annoying in here. rumor has it she was not happy with this film. one can see why.the story reminded me of a 1950s television sitcom. speaking of that, i thought david nelson from the ozzie & harriet tv show was in this movie but it turned out to be a very young richard crenna. he looked and sounded just like nelson.overall, so-so at best and a sub-par ending for a great actress.

a model named laura is working in south america when she is kidnapped from her hotel room by a gang and taken into the jungle. they demand a huge ransom for her release. peter is hired to get her home safe and there is a bonus in it for him if he can bring back the money as well as the girl. peter is taken to the jungle by helicopter with friend jack. they try to give the kidnappers fake money in return for laura but the plan goes horribly wrong and they have to bail out in the helicopter. the helicopter is shot and they also have to bail from that (not going well so far). also roaming the jungles is a devil of sorts. in reality its just a naked black guy with weirdly big eyes and a breathing problem. he starts to kill a few of the kidnappers and laura escapes only to be captured by some primitives. the rest of the film is a bit of a blur really.now i'm not a massive jess franco fan, in fact to date this is only the second film of his i have seen, but even i can tell that this really isn't one of his best efforts. the films drags along at a pretty slow pace without much at all happening. the whole thing could have been edited down quite easily into a 25 minute tv show. there are plenty of overly long shots of people walking through the jungle that could have just been lifted straight out.devil hunter is poorly lit (infact i don't think it was lit at all), badly dubbed, poorly acted and slow yet for some reason it didn't bore me. i think the main reason for this was some of the hilariously bad scenes in it. for example a scene where laura is walking in the street was obviously shot in a real street as crowds of people stop to stare straight at the camera as its shooting. another funny scene has one of the gang who has been killed, hung in a tree dripping blood as one of his friends stands directly under him screaming for what seems like minutes. then for no reason at all the man in the trees head just falls of and hits the guy under him. it has to be seen to be believed. then of course there is the actual devil. it is just some naked black guy who despite the fact he has massive eyes, he has very blurry vision.the film was hooked up in part of the video nasty scare in the 80's here in the uk and was banned. now why it was i have no idea. there is very little gore at all and it's hardly a shocking film. minus the nudity i would have said that it could get away with a pg almost. the only thing i can think of is that it was never actually watched and was added to the original list because of word of mouth.there is not much reason to watch this film really unless you are a massive jess franco fan. there is plenty of nudity to keep you from falling asleep and also some scenes that are so bad you can have a good laugh at them but other wise i would say just pay for a ticket to south america and get lost in a jungle. it would probably be more fun.3/10

how can you tell that a horror movie is terrible? when you can't stop laughing about it of course! the plot has been well covered by other reviewers, so i'll just add a few things on the hilarity of it all.some reviews have placed the location in south america, others in africa, i thought it was in some random island in the pacific. where exactly does this take place, seems to be a mystery. the cannibal tribe is conformed by a couple of black women some black men, and a man who looks like a young frank zappa banging the drums... the devil god is a large black man with a terrible case of pink eyes.one of the "freakiest" moments in the film is when, "pablito" find his partner hanging from a tree covered in what seems to be an orange substance that i assume is blood, starts screaming for minutes on and on (that's actually funny), and then the head of his partner falls in the ground and "pablito" kicks it a bit for what i assume is "shits n' giggles" and the eyes actually move...but, of course, then the "freak" is gone when you realize the eyes moved because the movie is just bad...i hadn't laughed like this in a loooong while, and i definitely recommend this film for a sunday afternoon with your friends and you have nothing to do... grab a case of beers and start watching this film, you'll love it! if you are looking for a real horror or gore movie, though... don't' bother.

this movie had mediocrity, laziness, and thoughtlessness written all over it. if you are going to do a movie about vampires that has been done thousands of times already, then you better do a damn good job. i'll be the first to say that this movie just did not cut it. some scary/horror movies just fail to break the mold of the "lets do something forbidden and forsaken for the sake of fun because all the stories are just lies" cliché. this one, sadly, was no different, and like all scary movies, once you venture down that road there is no going back.and the ending? how do the heroes do the same job over and over throughout the movie, but then mysteriously they get wrapped up in the moment and cannot do the job in the end? the ending was very anti-climatic and spelled part 3 which i will never watch. terrible movie.

i didn't even knew this movie existed until shortly after seeing blade: trinity, i was messing around on the trinity board when i saw some user mention how the wes craven series is a lot better then the 'crap' that's blade, so i did my quick research: checked the scores on imdb & rottentomatoes for dracula: ascension, and somewhere along the search i found out that this is a sequel to dracula 2000. i also noticed that within the wes craven dracula boards there was a real strong following for this movie which is a big contradiction to the scores i was seeing.now let's take a quick personal recap here. i remember seeing dracula 2000, and i remember not liking it at all, and then seeing the scores of dracula: ascension just lowered my expectations even more, but then again, i'm the type of person that truly needs to watch the movie myself (any movie) so that i can form my own opinion.a couple of things i went in knowing when i started watching this movie was that it's low budget, so because of that, i'm going to have to ignore a lot of the v/fx and just figure it's going to compensated by story & acting, i was also slightly impressed by some of the casting in this movie (jason london, roy schieder & jason scott lee)oh geez… this movie was cheesy! but cheesy can be entertaining at least, i found it pretty fricken laughable, the bad audio synch from the re-recording of dialogue in a few scenes, the stupidity of the characters in this movie. sure they all knew about vampires and some of the basic things, luke even had a book on it, but did it prevent them from wanting to purposely get 'infected'? nope, this is worst then slasher flicks where the girl has to get out of the shower and check out the noise she hears with nothing more than a towel on.i also must've blinked at some point, because i'm not sure how 'dracula' got clothes on his body, especially since he's big wild and angry & i figure if i was in that situation, i wouldn't want to be the one dressing him.so the movie ends like any middle movie of a trilogy… it doesn't, instead it's a 'cliff hangar' where i now get to wait for the 3rd installment 'legacy'. oh the entertainment value of cheesy movies.

it's like what other dracula movies always do, the minions of dracula always on dracula's side, which is what disappointed me at the ending. regardless the person wants to stay a vampire or not, i would like to see something like in the first movie that the minion fights against her master. it is much interesting (since you can almost predict how the story goes) than just either the priest or d. win the game (we need some surprising plots!).

it seems as if in science fiction you have this periodic throwback to perform an odd phenomenon that appears in long serial novels. it's where the first novel (dune, ender's game) blows you away with an actionpacked revolutionary story. the sequels however take that universe and lead you down the garden path to whatever new little social or political commentary the author wants to make. the matrix is finally the film equivalent. the matrix stands tall, alone, as an interesting film with an odd twist in the middle. seeing this cash cow just sitting there, and wanting to explore other aspects of society, the writers and directors then lead you through what has to be some of the most painful monologues and non-action sequences in scifi. while the visuals remain as stunning from the first movies, the new explorations of the characters falls terrible flat in the sequel. watch for eye candy, not for deep thought.4 out of 10, as registered by this fine website.

what the hell was all that about? i saw the matrix and was amazed. it was the most spectacular movie ever made. what ever possesed the wachowski brothers to do this film is beyond me.there is no plot, you can't argue with that. basically all this film was was a load of talking, and don't get me wrong, i have no problem with talky films, but all the talking in the matrix reloaded was a pointless load of drivvle. then there would be a fight sequence which lasted way too long, then more pointless drivvle, then another fight scene that lasts too long and it all builds up to the biggest anti-climax ever. a little bearded bloke talking a load of uncomprehensible bull for 20 minutes.also, keanu reeves gives his worst performance yet. i knew he wasn't a good actor but this was beyond a joke. if you watch his films in the order he was in them it would seem he got gradually worse as they went along. god knows what his performance is like in something's gotta give! keanu reeves: the only plank of wood ever to become an actor.after the splendor of the first film this came as a massive dissapointment. if you haven't already seen the first film i suggest you watch it, but don't waste your time with this utter pile of turd.

as a fan of science-fiction movies, i have been aware of the matrix since its release in 1999. from the little bit i would allow people to tell me about it, i assumed it was highly original and sophisticated. i am also a devotee of alice in wonderland. i could never quite figure out how i missed the matrix when it was released. with the imminent release of the matrix reloaded, it was time to buy the dvd and watch it.the disappointment was too great. the premise of the matrix (the controlling device as opposed to the movie) was clever. the philosophical premise of parallel worlds, alternate realities is shopworn. however, i could still have bought into the film, as science-fiction, if it stayed firmly in that genre. unfortunately, it turned into a standard, "will they or won't they escape, break through, rescue those in need of rescue, etc." to make matters worse, it turned out to be another martial arts exercise. the problem is that science-fiction and martial arts films are really two different types. to the purest, the devotee of one or the other, mixing the two doesn't work. it is like mixing science-fiction with romance. you can have one or the other, but not both in the same film, or, at least, not both to the same extent in the same movie.if there were such problems with the matrix, the matrix reloaded really compounded the problems. at least thirty minutes of the film were either martial arts sequences or the protracted car-chase. (this observation ignores the question, made in every professional, negative review of the movie: if neo could do the superman thing, why bother to fight at all? the answer, of course, is that's what draws the young, male demographic group into the theatre.) then there is the "redemption through love" aspect. that plot device was worn out by richard wagner over a hundred years ago. it was actually handled better by him in die gotterdammerung.so where does that leave those who saw the matrix reloaded. martial arts fans probably groaned through the trite, but arcane sci-fi philosophizing. science fictions fans were wondering why they were sitting through a kung-fun fest. most of the males in the audience where probably bored by the silly romance aspect of the film.just what are you supposed to be getting for your bucks when you see the matrix franchise films: science fiction, martial arts, or soap opera? a bit of each does not make for a whole lot more of any of them, nor for a satisfying film for the afficionados of each.

i felt asleep, watching it!!! (and i had tickets for the midnight- premiere) any questions? the most disturbing scene, as far as i can remember, was the techno-dance-i-dont-know-what-that-was-scene. by the way what an ending!?

`the matrix' was an exciting summer blockbuster that was visually fantastic but also curiously thought provoking in its `twilight zone'-ish manner. the general rule applies here- and this sequel doesn't match up to its predecessor. worse than that, it doesn't even compare with it.`reloaded' explodes onto the screen in the most un-professional fashion. in the opening few seconds the first impression is a generally good one as trinity is shot in a dream. immediately after that, the film nose-dives. after a disastrous first 45 minutes, it gradually gains momentum when they enter the matrix and the agent smith battle takes place. but it loses itself all speed when it reaches the 14-minute car chase sequence and gets even worse at the big groan-worthy twist at the end. worst of all is the overlong `zion rave' scene. not only does it have absolutely nothing to do with the plot, but it's also a pathetic excuse for porn and depressive dance music.the bullet-time aspect of `the matrix' was a good addition, but in `'reloaded' they overuse to make it seem boring. in the first one there were interesting plot turns, but here it is too linear to be remotely interesting. the movie is basically, just a series of stylish diversions that prevent us from realising just how empty it really is. it works on the incorrect principle that bigger is better. it appears that `the matrix' franchise has quickly descended into the special effects drenched misfire that other franchises such as the `star wars' saga have.the acting standard is poor for the most part. the best character of course goes to hugo weaving's `agent smith'- the only one to be slightly interesting. keanu reeves is the definitive neo, but in all the special effects, there is little room to make much of an impact. academy award nominee laurence fishburne is reduced to a monotonous mentor with poor dialogue. carrie ann moss' part as the action chick could have been done much better by any other actress. a poor, thrown-together movie, `the matrix reloaded' is a disappointment. those who didn't like the first one are unlikely to flock to it. this one's for die-hard fans only. even in the movie's own sub-genre of special effect bonanzas (minority report, the matrix etc.) this is still rather poor. my imdb rating: 4.5/10.

i admired rob marshall for chicago, but memoirs of geisha turns out to be yet another failure of combing western and asian arts. overall, the scene is beautiful, but after restless emphasis on exoticism-oriented scenes some might just find himself fed up with them. the excessive cherry blossom was, frankly, overdone. it's probably the cultural difference of perception here: the ultimate beauty is not the showy type, as truly beautiful geisha would not be the over westernised pumpkin in the movie. some other comments have rightly mentioned the biggest flaws. as a taiwanese, i have no doubt the actress are great. an actor/actress can play any kind of role when he/she can look like it. gong li is great, but the power of emotions that she showed in this movie had not been translated into japanese style. all i saw was a bittersweet and jealous chinese woman. michlle yeoh, one of my favourtie actress, did not even look like a japanese. some comment has mentioned the peculiar delicate, feminine characteristics of japanese women, with which i can't agree more. these are so delicate that i assume not even all modern japanese actresses are eligible for the roles in geisha, let alone the two chinese and one malaysian actress who grew up in different cultures and probably did not know japanese culture that much.geisha is a good shot for arousing the curiosity of american audiences. but it would be an insult for the movie itself and for art alike if the movie wins the oscar for best costume, best director or best picture.

this movie lost me with the crossbow rpg (rocket-propelled grenade). it was like someone cut and pasted a scene from robocop. i half expected beowulf to say exclaim, "i like it!"i watched this because i like chris bruno from "the dead zone" tv show and he did his part. he chose a strange accent, but at least he kept it consistent for the whole movie -- unlike any of his costars. they kept slipping into all kinds of speech from old english to modern english, sometimes in the same sentence.there are already many comments on how this movie is different from the source material. however, even on its own, this movie's plot is not good. it's just boring, which even the low budget doesn't excuse. having a low budget means that you need to at least have a good story, dialog and decent acting. those things don't cost much. instead, they spent their money on half-assed cgi and some decent costumes and sets.life is too short to watch this movie.

why oh why can't anyone make a decent film out of a legendary tale? this is the second adaptation of "beowulf" i've been disappointed with in a year. but i have to say, the previous version ("beowulf & grendel", starring gerald butler) was far superior to this. that one was only a little disappointing. this one is a mess!!! what bugged me most? was it the useless plot elements they added in for no particular reason (human sacrifices? pointless love interest?), or the bad cgi, or the inconsistency of the characters or the uninspired acting? even worse was the way they made beautiful marina sirtis look so horrible!!! and lets not even talk about that ridiculous crossbow? and why did they continually remind us that beowulf had the strength of 30 men, and yet he never showed the slightest sign of such strength throughout the entire film. he was tossed around by both monsters he fought, relying on his sidekicks to save his bacon. even when he slugged the arrogant prince, he didn't knock him out. he was much too reliant on weapons. beo-wimp is more like it. this was certainly not the powerful beowulf of the epic poem! i'd like to end this on a positive note but i can't really think of one offhand. all i can say is, if you've ever read "beowulf", you'll be infinitely disappointed by this dismal, inaccurate excuse for an adaptation!

i just read a review defending this film because it had a low budget, now my take on things.the cgi monsters was reasonable well animated but was implemented in the worst possible way. the fight scenes weren't even fights it was just one shot of an actor then one shot of monster with very interaction at all. when the monster did interact it looked like it was done in paintshop pro. in my opinion if you have a low budget you should use models and puppets. they may not look as fancy but at least they interact, just look at peter jacksons early films.as for the acting beowulf did an descent job but the rest of the cast were either not trying or they forgot where they where.the script seemed confused to me. one minute they would be talking as if it were a modern day setting the next you get drama club shakespeare speech. i'm not say it should be all 'ye' and 'that it be' but you need to find a cohesive balance so the lines sound like they come from the same person.i did notice one part near the start when beowulf was quoting the old testament which would have been find had he not spent the rest of the films talking about the gods and portents.in short, this film is a very slightly polished turd, but a turn none the less.

just once i'd like to see a version of beowulf where it appears the screenwriters have at least a passing familiarity with the original poem. yet again, after watching this sci fi presentation, i'm disappointed. i'm not suggesting the writers need to understand and analyze the poem in old english, but i wish they could at least try to read a translation in modern english and attempt to construct a story based on what actually transpires. the story is exciting enough; why add plot elements that are non-existent and ruin the story? what's wrong with being faithful to the text? grendel is immune to weapons of any kind; why introduce some super-crossbow that is unbelievable and could not have possibly existed in this time period (as correctly pointed out by the previous reviewer)? the fight with grendel was beowulf vs. grendel. that's it. no one else took part in the battle. the only way beowulf could have defeated him was by choosing specifically to engage the monster without any weapons, the mistake made by all previous challengers. yet, in this version, danes and geats fight the beast and beowulf hacks off grendel's arm with a sword! again, why couldn't they portray what really happened? personally, i think a one-on-one grappling match between the two would be much more exciting. overall, this is a pathetic and abysmal depiction that is faithless to the true tale. why add in a pact with hrothgar and grendel's mother that includes sacrificial offering? why create extra characters, like finn, that add nothing to the story? there was no love story in the poem. they couldn't even set the scenes in the appropriate locations (a forest instead of the swamp and no lair under the lake). they fail to notice the metaphor that grendel's lair signifies – it's supposed to be underground to represent hell. why not instead center on the symbolism inherent in the epic poem? even my high school students last year were able to do immensely better when they created a short film based on beowulf, since they focused on the themes and symbolism underlying the story. if hollywood could create a film that centers on these elements and is faithful to the plot, then that would be a truly great movie.

where to begin? anachronism? high tech cross bow with a scope in about 500ad? arrows with explosive charges in 500ad? a monster grendel that looks like a robocop and obviously never interacts with any of the weapons fired or swung against him? the heart torn out of his victim's chest without any sense of contact? possibly the blond who would fit in on a recent fashion show with her make-up and streaked hair? the ancient danish court represented in classical greek style? the queen played by marina sirtis more savaged by her makeup artist than by madness? the effects are way too weak to carry this story. there are some stories that don't mind or even benefit from cheap effects, but this grendel isn't one of them. what about characters who seem to jump about in their attitudes without motivation? a bravado idiot prince whose home has already been savaged more than once by the monster grendel seems to have less respect for the danger he faces than beowulf who was sent from afar from the land of the geats to help the desperate danes. in this it feels more like an old cowboy western than any kind of myth.beowulf is an ancient tale from an era with almost no literary tradition and much of both its sentiment and its drama is obscure. i suspect that any modern telling which doesn't make an intelligent attempt to penetrate the obscurity must fail. i didn't love the recent "beowulf and grendel" which sees grendel essentially as human and sees hrothgar and his danes as too arrogant and stupid to recognize grendel's attacks as well-justified vengeance, but i had to respect its revisionist position that hrothgar's danes were a bunch of macho thugs who never grasped, even after it was all over, that they had brought this nightmare on themselves, and therefore, the original story of beowulf, as it was written, was a misrepresentation of the real story. i think there's a more complex meaning to be understood than that, but this "grendel's" terrible secret that grendel's attacks are tied to previous human sacrifice doesn't really bring us closer to the shame experienced by hrothgar and the danes. this beowulf has little to recommend it as traditional myth or as modern fantasy. i give it a 4: higher than it deserves, but always hopeful that a poor effort will draw attention by someone who is up to telling the story intelligently. in the meantime, sci-fi's movie-making seems to be following the nasa policy that it's better to build lots of probes that fail than a few that succeed.

corridors of time. the movie you can watch if you're looking for a sophisticated way of suicide. some use guns, ropes, or gas, but you want to ruin your brains ? do not wait any longer ! corridors of time is probably one of the biggest possible mistakes : thinking christian clavier is able to act and to bring you fun. i do not miss the 45 francs this poor thing cost me : sometimes, one has to reset its evaluation system looking at the absolute zero. this film deserves a 2/10, but that's only because i like jean reno. too bad for him, he also stars in ronin. i think i'm gonna dislike him...

the message of this movie is "personality is more important than beauty". jeanine garofalo is supposed to be the "ugly duckling", but the funny thing is that she's not at all ugly (actually she's a lot more attractive than uma thurman, the friend who looks like a model).now, would this movie work if the "ugly duckling" was really unattractive? when will hollywood stop with this hypocrisy?in my opinion, despite the message that it wants to convey, this movie is simply ridiculous.

janeane garofalo has been very public in her displeasure about this film, calling it, among other things, anti-feminist. she has also said on her radio show she hates making "romantic comedies" because she doesn't believe in them. i wholeheartedly agree with janeane here. this film is a trifle at best. she does her best, but overall, it was just another boring, unbelievable "romantic comedy" that has no basis in the real world. whereas there will be some who will say "suspend your disbelief", one grows tired of having to suspend it nearly every time you get a romantic film from hollywood. janeane's character, for some reason, is usually filmed in shadows and darkness, which makes her look unattractive, while uma's character is filmed in lighter tones (which probably displeased janeane and is probably one of the reasons she detests this film). that really hurts the film if we are to buy the premise that janeane is supposed to be the better looking of the two. as many have said here and on other comment threads, janeane is not ugly, but in fact, quite beautiful. i haven't read one review where someone said uma was better looking. having said that though, i believe that ben chaplin's character would more than likely stay with uma, not janeane. many men don't like really intelligent women (and many women don't like really intelligent men), and sadly, ben probably would have stayed with uma. and despite the director's attempt to make janeane unattractive, it doesn't work. her natural beauty comes through anyway.i think a lot of janeane's male fans who are obsessed with her like this film because they like to think of themselves in the ben chaplin character, and actually scoring with janeane. janeane is a lot more complicated than the character she plays here (real life is always much more complex than hollywood can imagine), so take a cold shower gentlemen. this is the role that janeane is best known for, and that's a shame, as this really isn't that good of a film.

i liked it but then i think i might have been ironing at the same time. this reworking of cyrano de bergerac/roxanne is an utterly undemanding, formulaic romcom rescued from straight-to-video ignominy on its release by the sharp turn of janeane garofalo. playing the frasier of pets, she finds herself caught in a love trap when insecurity leads her to pass her best friend (uma thurman) off as herself when a caller comes a-courtin'.this is an interesting film in the fascinating career of ben chaplin. an average british actor, he gave the hollywood treadmill a shot with this film. he is unremarkable and his anonymity in studio productions is unsurprising on the basis of it, although he has appeared in substantial cameos in both the later terence malick films. uma thurman does a ditzy turn on autopilot and michael lehmann packages it all together competently. icky phone sex though. 4/10

i found out about this film because jewish ben chaplin from game on was in it. game on is a funny british sitcom and apparently he left because he wanted to break into hollywood and star in this film. he failed thank god.the film is a very simple romantic comedy with janeane garofalo playing an ugly woman who uses her neighbour uma thurman to date ben chaplin because she thinks ben chaplin won't like her because she's ugly. the film is just bad for so many reasons. the plot is unbelievably predictable from the overtly slapstick bits to the serious mushy bits: ugh just that montage where all three of them are having fun and then the photograph bit. those two scenes made me cringe! janeane's character is sickeningly arrogant (and guessing from her role as stand-up "comedienne" and arch-feminist is in real life too). she claims that the film is "anti-feminist" when in fact it's just realistic. men more often than not go for looks over personality. it's interesting to note her hypocrisy too. she'd been a feminist and "comedienne" for years before taking this role and then suddenly decides afterwards that the film was bad. i imagine she hated the idea and script of this film before it was released but she made sure she kept that quiet so she could get paid for this travesty of a film. i mean come on! she acted in it for heaven's sake! what this film was really was anti-men if anything. it portrays men as stupid animals whose brains are in their groins with the men doing stupid things to attract the attention of uma thurman's character noelle.there are other bad things about this film too like ben chaplin's character being the british man every american girl finds cute and jamie foxx being the token black best friend of chaplin and of course foxx had to try and mimic his accent a few times for good measure. is that the best the script writers could come up with? blimey they've never done that before except with every hugh grant and dudley moore film ever made. there's also a truly awful phone sex scene which is just grotesque and proves how cheap the film is. the other comments on here all say how janeane garofalo isn't ugly but is actually beautiful. erm was i watching the same film as they were? she's certainly no looker and the only good thing about this film was that she was rightly cast as the ugly one. although having said that, i fail to see the appeal of uma thurman as well: she's lanky and gaunt looking.i guarantee three things about this film if you've never watched it:you will know what the ending will be;you will find the phone sex scene painfully embarrassing and;you will be bored after ten minutes.watch at your own peril.

i had no real expectations going into this movie and i'm glad. even if i had expected it to be bad i would have been disappointed.where to start? first, i think 15% of the movie consisted of stock footage of stationary scarecrows in a dark jungle-field. i get it. there's scarecrows. i think the title "scarecrows" was sufficient.second, not a damn thing is ever explained regarding the scarecrows and paranormal occurrences. there's too many times where i was left going wtf?third, the movie takes itself seriously. i'm all for a b-movie with buckets of blood, screaming women, and senseless violence that is the result of a simple psychopath or ancient curse. but those movies often know they're b-movies and even flaunt it, like dead snow (hilarious scandanavian zombie flick) or evil dead 2. but this movie seems oblivious to its crapdom.finally, there should of been more blood and/or nudity. yea, i said it. if you're going to have a crap horror movie, make with the killing. and if you're going to have one hot and one semi-hot girl, one of them needs to show some side-boob at a minimum.so, like the summary says, skip "scarecrows" and just poke yourself in the eye. you'll thank me.

scarecrows seems to be a botched horror meets supernatural film. a group of thugs pull off a paramilitary-like robbery of the payroll at camp pendleton in california. they high-jack a cargo plane kidnapping the pilot and his daughter with demands to be flown to mexico. along the way one greedy robber decides to bailout with the money landing in a cornfield monitored by strange looking scarecrows. these aren't just any run-of-the-mill scarecrows...they can kill. the acting is no better than the horrible dialog. and the attempts at humor are not funny. very low budget and shot entirely in the dark.the cast includes: ted vernon, michael david simms, kristina sanborn, b.j. turner, phil zenderland and victoria christian.

i think scarecrows are creepy, so it's a pity this movie doesn't make more of them. a bunch of robbers do an emergency parachute from a plane into a enormous field with scarecrows. one of them goes missing with the loot and so the rest chase him down while being set upon by inexplicably evil scarecrows. the acting is hammy and the scarecrows unimpressive (when they move). on the positive side, the director does get some suspense out of the static scarecrows. it is as alfred hitchcock says, "a bomb under a table goes off, and that's surprise. we know the bomb is under the table but not when it will go off, and that's suspense."

falls into the film category of "way too ridiculous in the dialogue and execution departments to be taken seriously". whereas shriek if you know what i did last friday the thirteenth or my boyfriend's back know they are bad, scarecrows doesn't. evil dead set such a high standard for the comedic horror on a budget genre, that scarecrows is simply out of place. suspicions of inexperience are immediately at play as there are no hints of noise or vibration in the hull and cockpit of an airborne plane. the repeated display of a picture of 3 men just screams for a story arc, but nothing comes. although the men are obviously the scarecrows, there is no explanation.knowing this film is too serious for it's own good may produce some grins. i don't recall if joe bob briggs ever previewed scarecrows, but i believe that he wouldn't stoop this low. however, with an imdb rating of over 6, there are many people that disagree.

this mini series, also based on a book by alex haley as was `queen', tried to use similar formulas, that is, constructing a long history following the lives of a family over many years. whereas in `queen' the result was masterful, here in mama flora the inspiration was lacking. firstly perhaps in the book itself, and most certainly in this tv production. too much is put in with too much haste over the years, such that the unfolding saga is shallow, superficial, not nearly so authentic as in `queen'. full marks for the scenification in the earlier parts of the film, which was prepared with great care, but as the film progressed it seemed to degenerate into a kind of dallasian-forsythian unpalatable mix in the last third of its three hours or so duration. i had hoped for more; but evidently haley was less inspired with this tale than his near-biographical `queen', and peter werner iii is no match for john erman. only recommendable for those who have an appetite for these lengthy tales of generations growing up.

this is hands down the worst movie i can ever remember watching. everything was unbelievably cliché and retarded. the acting was horrible too. the camera work wasn't bad but that still couldn't redeem it. the writer/director of this film must suffer from down's syndrome if he believed this movie would help his career. i want the hour and a half of my life back that i wasted watching this crap. i would rather watch a video of the grass growing than this. i cant believe imdb is making me write 10 lines in order to post this but i feel that this movie is so bad that i must continue to warn others about it. the reason i came about this movie is that my girlfriend requested it from the local library thinking that it was the kris kristoferson movie which ended up being entitled "disappearances". i don't know whose fault it was for this garbage ending up in my dvd player but i feel that someone owes me at least $20 for my time, pain and suffering. in conclusion, the director/writer of this movie better hope i ever recognize him on the street.

disappearance is set in the mojave desert as jim (harry hamlin) & patty henley (susan dey) plus their two kids katie (basia a'hern) & matt (jeremey lelliott) along with ethan (jamie croft) a friend of the family are travelling along, they stop at a roadside diner & ask about an old deserted mining town on the map called weaver. no-one claims to have heard of it but it's definitely there & the family decide to take a detour in order to check it out & take some pictures. once at the town they take some pictures & have a look around but when it comes time to leave their car won't start & they have to spend the night there. while looking around they find a camcorder videotape which they play only to discover footage of a scared woman saying all her friends have disappeared, the next morning & their car has disappeared as things take a very sinister turn. what is weaver's secret? will the henley's ever leave there alive...written, co-executive produced & directed by walter klenhard i have to say that disappearance is one of the most frustrating films i have ever watched. for the first 85 minutes it was a pretty good mysterious mix of thriller & horror film but then we are treated to one of the single worst endings ever in motion picture history. the script suggest lots of different things but never elaborates or confirms & i was sitting there genuinely intrigued about what was going on, from the families car mysterious disappearing, the four recent graves, the thing in the abandoned mines, the supernatural sandstorm, the sudden & unexplained disappearance of ethan & his just as unexplained reappearance, the sheriff's sinister motives, the compass in the car going crazy, the crashed plane, the townspeople denying weaver existed & the possible side effects of a neutron bomb being dropped near weaver in the 40's but they are all tossed out of the window & for all we know could have been totally separate random events. everything was coming along nicely & was set up for a big twist revelation but none was forthcoming & instead i was treated to the most ambiguous, strange, surreal & downright frustrating ending possible. if nothing else the ending contradicts much of what has gone before & leaves the viewer with more questions than answers. it's almost as if the makers had these great ideas but then didn't know what to do with them & just made the ending up on the spot. i just felt i put so much effort into watching the film which can be pretty slow at times without any sort of reward & in fact the ending felt more like a kick in the teeth or a good two finger salute!director klenhard does a reasonable job here, the old ghost town has a certain atmosphere & the large expansive desert locations give a good sense of isolation. it's well made but what were they thinking with that ending? nothing fits, nothing makes sense & it's just a huge frustrating mess that after sitting through the thing for nearly an hour & a half leaves you confused & wanting to know more. despite being a horror film there's no blood or gore although there are one or two creepy moments here & there. the film actually reminds of the hills have eyes (2006) remake for large parts as that is what the film is set-up to be before a bizarre ending which does nothing to bring any closure to the film.technically the film is good with high production values, good special effects, sets, locations & cinematography. set in america but filmed in south australia. the acting is fine from a decent cast.disappearance is a really odd film, for a long time it shapes up to be a neat little horror mystery thriller but it never explains anything which happens & the truly surreal ending just throws up more questions than answers. i really can't see anyone making head nor tail of this, i really can't.

i am a huge jane austen fan and i ordered the movie from amazon.uk just so i could see it without waiting forever for it to come to the u.s. i really should have saved my money. what is with anne running after wentworth? the whole point of anne elliot's character is that she was quiet and refined. she is not impulsive and vulgar. and mary, was she suffering from a stroke or something? her speech wasn't normal, nor was her walking normal. there was no chemistry between the two main characters which made their whole "romance" completely unbelievable. in the final scene they even have sally hawkins wearing the same dress amanda root wore during the letter scene. the same clothes do not make it the same movie. in my opinion they didn't watch the 1995 version, which even though it had it's flaws, it did stay pretty close to the book. the book, i don't even think they read it. this is kind of like a cliff's notes movie of persuasion. hit on all the high points without explaining anything.

i have no idea why they made this version of "persuasion" when they already had that fine mini-series with amanda root and ciaran hinds. i suppose that they wanted to make a feature-length version, but of course a lot had to be deleted; alas, what ended up on the cutting-room floor was all the lovely wit and humour, leaving a film that was mere melodrama rather than an amusing exposition of english country manners and mores.also, the characters were shallow and uninteresting. they had poor anne chasing up and down the streets after captain wentworth like a silly modern adolescent (and if you happen to be a silly modern adolescent reading this, let me tell you: running after a male like a female in heat is not cool). that is something a well-bred woman of the napoleonic era would never have done, and certainly not this level-headed heroine.some have said they found this antic laughable; my reaction was not laughter, but outrage. the very idea of such a corruption of an austen work is beneath contempt.it was ghastly.

my god, was this the "run, lola, run" adaptation of persuasion? it was horrible. bad enough that the "screenwriter" (and i use the term very loosely) cut and pasted dialogue from one character onto another, often completely out of context and to rush the story along: but anne elliott running from location to location in pursuit of wentworth near the end of the piece was an abomination! austen must be spinning in her grave. no respectable young woman would have acted in such an atrocious fashion. and the actress that played mary? horrors. needless to say, if the rest of the austen remakes are this bad, they will be turning off a new generation of watchers.if you want to see an impeccable version of this (otherwise) wonderful novel, get the 1995 roger michell directed version starring amanda root (whose expressions alone can speak volumes) and ciaran hinds. it is superb.

kenneth branagh attempts to turn william shakspeare's obscure, rarely-produced comedy into a 1930s-era musical, with the result being both bad shakespeare and bad musical comedy as the actors are rarely adept at one or the other of the two styles and in some cases flounder badly in both. particularly painful is nathan lane, who seems to be under the impression that he is absolutely hysterical as costard but is badly mistaken, and alicia silverstone who handles the shakespearean language with all the authority of a teenaged valley girl who is reading the script aloud in her middle school english class.the musical numbers are staged with the expertise of a high school production of "dames at sea," leaving the cast looking awkward and amateurish while singing and dancing, with the lone exception being adrian lester who proves himself a splendid song and dance man. the only other saving grace of the film are natascha mcelhone and emily mortimer's contribution as eye candy, but they have given far better performances than in this film and you'd be wise to check out some of the other titles in their filmographies and gives this witless mess a pass.

i've read comments that you shouldn't watch this film if you're looking for stirring shakespearian dialogue. this is true, unfortunately, because all the stirring dialogue, this wonderful play contains, has been cut, and replaced with songs. i've read this play, and recently was lucky enough to see it performed, at it remains one of my favourite shakespearian comedies, but this movie seems to take all that i like about it away. the princess, though no doubt doing what she was directed to do, had no regal bearing, and all the girls seemed to lose the cleverness of their characters - also affected by unwise cuts, which not only took away the female characters already sparse dialogue, but took comments out of context - it was a little unnerving to hear the princess proclaim; "we are wise girls to mock our lovers so!", when mocking had not taken place at all. the news reels throughout the film also disrupted the flow, and took away many excellent scenes, as they showed the information in the scenes after them, and were in modern phrasing. in conclusion, an excellent play, ruined by an odd concept, and unwise cuts. kenneth, i usually love what you do. what were you thinking?

within the first 17 minutes of director bradford may's "darkman iii: die darkman die", we have already been subjected to a silly recap and accompanying voice-over on the first two films, hilarious over-acting, about three minutes of footage simply ripped from the second film and re-edited slightly to seem like new footage, and a lengthy advertisement the scarred and tormented title character watches about universal theme parks- universal being the company that distributed this film. yes, "darkman iii: die darkman die" is quite the handful when it comes to cheap cash-ins on the success of a previous film.this time around, the disfigured anti-hero peyton westlake (aka, "darkman"; portrayed by "mummy" actor arnold vosloo) locks horns with evil crime-lord and lousy husband peter rooker (played in a brilliantly over-the-top performance by jeff fahey), and over the course of the 87 minute film grows to develop an affection for rooker's wife and daughter, once again learning to care for another person.blah. blah. blah.this film is basically just a silly way for the studio to make some more money off of sam raimi's original film, which i consider to be a great action-suspense film.oh yeah, and there are also a number of silly sub-plots, including a villainess who supposedly was one of the original doctors to save darkman following his scarring, and her seducing our hero into thinking she is an ally before revealing her nefarious plot to help rooker create more super-human powered thugs like darkman. apparently, she can't just do the same procedure on the thugs that she performed on darkman. why? i can't really explain it, because the movie certainly doesn't.there's also an assassination sub-plot involving a district attourney who is threatening to bring down rooker's organization, and some other very silly things going on.but it doesn't really add up. this film feels like two or three episodes of a television show edited together more than an actual film. the direction alternates between pretty good and downright sloppy (a scene where darkman rides his train-like vehicle and dodges a rocket-launcher is just plain silly), and the editing is a mixed-bag. the film just moves too quickly for anyone to really care what's going on. and without spoiling it, the final 15 minutes of this movie, and indeed, the entire series is just kinda... i dunno... another 15 minutes of mixed-bag footage.in fact, commenting on the editing, one of my favorite things in this film is watching for footage re-used from the previous films, and then looking for footage within this film that is repeated multiple times. yes, it's that cheap. it's one thing to do a re-cap at the beginning of the film, and maybe repeat a shot or two, but in the sheer volume they do it (minutes of footage repeated from previous films), it's just sloppy and amateurish.also, i have to say that darkman's psychedelic montage freak-outs are a bit overdone in this film. they are so stylized and overdone that they do work, but only in light doses and in proper context, as raimi did in the original film. here, there are at least four or five, and they feel very abrupt and out-of-place.that being said, the film is not without some good points. a few action scenes are well-done. the cliché story of darkman yearning for a real life works suitably for a direct-to-dvd feature. some of the acting is nice, particularly from rooker's wife, portrayed by the beautiful roxann dawson. also, while no danny elfman, composer randy miller composes some nice music that builds off of elfman's original themes.but overall, the film is too quick, cheap and silly to be taken seriously. arnold vosloo seems alternatively bored and exuberant from scene to scene, and fahey, while a joy to watch as an over-the-top villain, just doesn't quite fit in with the series.like "darkman ii", i would recommend this to fans of the original, who will surely get a laugh. otherwise, you need not apply. a four out of ten.

ok,but does that make this a good movie?well,not really,in my opinion.there isn't a whole lot to recommend it.i found it very slow,tediously,in fact.it's also predictable pretty much through and through.number one and two were somewhat predictable,but not as much.i also felt this movie was quite campy at times,which i didn't really think fits this series and the character.jeff fahey plays the main bad guy in this installment.he's a decent enough actor,but i felt he played his character too over the top.i guess that fit with the tone of the movie,which would have been great if i had liked the movie.plus,there were some pretty bad one liners.arnold vosloo returns in the title role,but is given little to work with in this movie.the character has not really evolved,as i had hoped.oh well.this is just my opinion.anyway,for me,while this movie is not abysmal,it is pretty bad.my vote for darkman iii: 3.5/5

i wont take too much time here, just wanted to state that darkman 3 is awesome. i have all 3 on dvd, added these to my collection of dvd movie sets. darkman ranks up there with the best, like indiana jones, aliens, star wars, die hard, you get the point. there isn't too many good horror, thriller, sets out there. many thanks to the whole crew, and set for giving us the darkman trilogy. by the way if your wondering how i came across this one on dvd. i purchased it through the internet, it is however region 4, as you know most us dvd players are region 1. if you own a sony playstation 2, you have the best dvd player since it is an all region player. just go to set up then choose witch region setting you want ( 1-9 ).

this has to be the worst movie ever!!! the acting is scarier than the movie. lots of blood, but no idea where it comes from, cuz they don't even show you the cuts. i can't believe i wasted my time watching this movie. we laughed like we were watching a comedy and not a horror movie. this is a disgrace to horror films!!! for one if they are in asia why is there a white cop driving past waste management trash cans?! there's so much of another language that you don't even know what's going on half the time. the film editing is a joke, my teenager could do better. and if i went to a movie theater and that nasty old man was working the window that would be the first clue. do not watch this movie!!! not to even see how bad it is, you will be sorry you did!!

where to even start? the horrendous acting? the nonsensical plot? the bargain basement effects? the completely loathsome characters? the choppy editing? the headache-inducing casio keyboard score??? the embarrassingly racist remarks ("watch it, charlie!", "back off, jackie chan!!"??? the constant misogyny??? i am a lifelong horror fan, and i have no problem at all with the current "torture-thon" trend of movies. however, this is a poorly-made piece of garbage. i think i suffered more pain watching this than the characters did dying in it! if you like girls being forced to eat stir-fried penis, really poor soft core porn and think lines like "i'm gonna find that b**** and staple her c*** shut!!" are clever, live feed is for you.as for me, i feel the need to go wash my eyes out with oven cleaner to prevent from ever seeing this movie again!

i watched the unrated version of this film and realised about 30 minutes into it that i was never getting my time back. i persevered to the end hoping that the dialogue would improve, the martial arts would look realistic eventually, the special fx would actually look special. i was so wrong. i love horror, i am a complete gore hound. i number some of the eighties splatter flicks amongst the greats of the film world. this however was not made in the eighties, if this film had come out in the early eighties the fax could be forgiven for looking so bad. it wasn't so it hasn't got that defence. the dialogue is terrible with so many bad lines i was wincing at the writing rather than squirming at torture. i don't like hostel, never have, i thought it was over rated, over hyped and i felt nothing for the protagonists, however it shines as a beacon to greatness next to this garbage. the back of the cover for live feed promised a twist you would never see coming, i'm still waiting for the twist that was promised.

i'm all for a "bad" horror movie but this was just a pile of dog sh!t! how anyone can call this movie cool or decent is beyond me. if you like rushed editing to cover the special effects, bad acting and a bad script then go for it! there was no suspense whatsoever and the gore factor was laughable because it was so fake. i'll take hostel or wolf creek over this pile any day. my partner gave up after about 20 minutes, she knows a stinker when she sees one. i on the other hand stupidly sat through the whole movie just to wait and see if it got any better. no such luck! i haven't sen his other movie torched and i doubt if i'll bother now.

just watched it, me and my better half could not believe how awful and badly acted it was. if anyone else thinks its good then you must be easily pleased. i actually gave up a night out to watch this, its all been done before. ie. hostel springs to mind, but at least that did not make you cringe with the bad acting and lack of story line, same old stuff, re-hatched,i read so much about this film, i even recommended it to my mates, my fault,someone said it was good! no more gory,horror or reeling back in disgust than your average "scary movie" it has to be said, please don't bother with this movie. get mary poppins. now thats scary! i'm off out now, go to the cinema and watch something scarier than this, little miss sunshine maybe

this is the kind of movie that's so extremely bad that you cant stop watching it because you keep telling yourself that 'it cannot continue to be this crappy all the way to the end. it just cant'. you know, 'worse than jaws 4'-kind of bad.i honestly think i've only seen one movie that was worse than this, and then we're talking religious crap about how you'd end up in hell for lying or watching football.gore? indeed and lots of it. well made gore? no way.the acting is beyond bad and all the lines are lousy clichés. same goes for the storyline which only really consist of sex, blood and violence, like so many other gore movies.if you're hoping for a mix between ichi the killer and august underground… keep looking. you wont find it in live feed.

first of all, this is a low-budget movie, so my expectations were incredibly low going into it. i assume most people looking at the info for this movie just wanted a bloodfest, and essentially that's all it is.plot? there really is none. it's basically saw but in china and a whole hell of a lot worse. cast? there is none, period. special effects? absolutely awful in my opinion... there were cutaways and the blood was often completely unbelievable because of amounts, splatter, color, texture, etc.i believe the purpose of this movie was supposed to be a brutal, shock film. now it had some great potential on a bigger budget but poor scripting, poor dialogue, awful acting, what seemed like camcorder video shots, and just plain unbelievable "gore," made this movie truly awful.there are movies worth taking a chance against some reviews, even "b-rate" movies deserve some opportunities (blood trails for example was the most recent i saw against reviews that was worth it), but this was simply awful. i hope that people considering this movie read my comment and decide against it.i'm all for brutality and shock, but the overall unrealism and truly awful acting makes for an awful experience. save your time/money and chance something else, you won't be disappointed.

this is one of the worst films i've seen in years!! you could randomly pluck 5 people off the streets and they could act better than anyone in this film. absolute waste of time watching it. i only gave it a 2 as i like gory films but this is just plain rubbish. the acting (and i use that term very loosely) is abysmal, someone please tell me that the 5 main actors in this were making their first ever film?? don't waste your time watching this. hostel was a better film by some way. i cannot believe that someone has spent money making this, i hope for the producers sake it only cost $50,000 to make - it looks like a school project, made by kids who haven't got a clue. did this even make it to the cinema??

first of all, the actor they have to play jesus has blue eyes... half the actors they have playing jews have blue eyes. aren't there enough brown-eyed actors out there? jesus being depicted as having blue eyes is one of my pet peeves. he was a full-blooded jew! second of all, what is it with old english-language movies that are supposed to take place in non-english-speaking countries, and everybody has english accents? (another example is david lean's "dr. zhivago".) aren't there enough either jewish actors or actors who can do a israeli accent? the movie often is not true to the scriptures, and so seems to doubt the legitimacy of jesus's claim to be the messiah. in the bible, when jesus is baptized by john, a voice comes from heaven saying "this is my beloved son, in whom i am well pleased" (matthew 3:17, mark 1:11, luke 3:22). in the movie, john the baptist says this! the screenwriter seems to be trying to portray the believers as crazy, as well. for example, in the bible, the angel gabriel tells mary she will become pregnant with the son of god (luke 1:26-38), but in the movie, we do not see or hear any angel - mary appears to be talking to a moonbeam, and when mary's mother hears her talking to someone and peeks in on her, she doesn't hear or see anyone either. also, in the movie, when jesus is speaking to the pharisees in the temple in jerusalem, he says, "you shall not see me here again, not until you learn to cry, 'blessed is he who comes in the name of the lord', for i and my father are one and the same." the correct line (matthew 23:39 and luke 13:35)is "you will not see me again until you say, 'blessed is he who comes in the name of the lord.'" period. jesus never claimed to be god. the movie cuts out a lot of important parts (the sermon on the mount is very expurgated), but then spends a lot of time on stuff that isn't even in the bible (a whole scene with mary magdalene talking with a john). it seems like the screenwriter, instead of wanting to do a movie version of the scriptures, wanted to make a movie about what he thinks might have really happened behind (and between) the scenes. the movie has one gem though - during the scene where jesus tells the parable of the prodigal son, at matthew the tax collector's house, i had tears streaming down my face. it is the best movie i've seen about jesus's ministry (but that isn't saying much, because the others are just terrible). "jesus christ superstar" is my favourite movie about jesus's last days ("the passion of the christ" is way too graphic), though i like how "jesus of nazareth", instead of just ending with jesus's death, continues on and shows his resurrection.

renowned cinematographer freddie francis (glory, the elephant man) directs this pretty bad horror/drama film. 19th century england has a different view of how the practice of medicine should be handled than dr. thomas rock, the law stating that only the bodies of hung criminals can be studied and experimented on. but the stockpile of these bodies is a small one, and rock needs more - and he prefers them fresher. being a maverick within his circle, he begins to pay people to find bodies for him to study and test on. desperate sleazebags robert fallon and timothy broom get wind of this job opportunity and begin to murder people and sell these bodies to rock. naturally, this kind of action has even worse consequences than practicing on the dead bodies of non-criminals, and leads to trouble for everyone. while the overall story sounds intriguing on paper, almost everything about the doctor and the devils is laughably bad.after the first fifteen minutes of the film you are already beginning to question your decision of sitting down to watch the film. the entire look of the film is just ugly. seeing as how the film takes place in the slums of england during the 19th century, the filmmakers were probably going for an "ugly" look, but they don't do it in an artful way. everything from the sets to the cinematography just look cheap, feeble, and disgusting. also, just about everything scene is filled with something that you simply cannot take seriously, and most of the time this has to do with someone (both in the small and large roles) doing something that looks or sounds completely ridiculous. francis sure didn't help out his actors much.jonathan pryce and stephen rea play the twisted buddies of the film, fallon and broom respectively, and are very bombastic but very bad. their characters are by nature crazy, but pryce and rea overact the parts to death. they especially have trouble keeping the same accent from shot to shot - pryce in particular goes from cockney to irish to long john silver to some kind of lagoon creature and so on and so forth. it's also a humor riot to see twiggy in this film at all, let alone playing an in-demand street whore, since she can't act to save her life (though her song during the final credits isn't so funny). boy she sure came a long way: from "flower power" to "i'll take mee clothes off for a shillin'!" as bad as those three actors are in this film, julian sands takes home the award for the worst performance of the film. he is just as lame as it gets, giving one laugh-out-loud attempt after another at portraying anger, love, happiness, anxiety - pick an emotion, any emotion! there's only one good thing about the doctor and the devils: timothy dalton's performance of dr. rock. despite being surrounded by cinematic sewage, dalton is quite excellent; giving an electric portrayal of an overly driven yet good natured man. too bad the rest of the film could not have been as good as mr. dalton....

"drawing restraint 9" is a kind of movie one either loves or hates; fortunately or not, i left it with a strong feeling of wasted time and of being thoroughly stuffed with "killing whales is bad" propaganda. aesthetically, the movie could have been pleasing, especially its first half, until it is not clear that every action portrayed serves as an allegory of various aspects of whale hunting. until then, it might be slightly amusing to look at daily chores of japan workers, but later it becomes obvious that anything that appears on the screen is a propaganda, and no single frame is an exception. i use the word "propaganda" because the movie uses basically the old morality play device, where "good" and "bad" are not deduced in the course of action but are set in stone. probably it's just me, but i find such type of art shallow and preconceived, even when it's all about the noble (no sarcasm here) quest of protecting the environment.in my opinion it is a cardinal sin when a movie material is stretched out without any justification, for the sake of stretching only. in my opinion, "drawing restraint 9" could've been easily fit into 75 minutes, but has a torturous length of 2 and 1/4 hours. yes, there were interesting shots, but there were not enough of these to leave 15-minute gaps of nothingness without notice. the movie has no standard scenario, and there's no evolution of characters, but neither it is a documentary, it's rather a kind of conceptual installation. that's an unusual form for a movie, but it still can be viewed as art even when the concept is as simple and naive as here. otoh i also believe that the director should've had some honesty and did not pretend that it could be only delivered in no less than 135 minutes.and yes, the music score mostly resembled whale sounds. how surprising.2/10.

i thought it would at least be aesthetically beautiful. it was slow, pretentious, and boring. i almost fell asleep. there are some decent songs, but there is this one song at the end which is just some guy yelling out "yaowwww!" while someone taps randomly on a wooden object. that being said, there are some pretty songs, but it's not worth seeing hte movie over. go on itunes (they have the album), preview it, and choose the good ones. half the movie is some guy making tea. well, that's a slight exaggeration. but you'll see what i mean if you see it. that being said: don't see it!

this has got to be one of the worst movies i've ever seen! there were people leaving the theatre, others were falling asleep (ok, it was a late night show)... this is a no-sense movie, one of those who can make you never want to see an out of mainstream picture again. i would love to watch the making-off of this movie as i am deeply interested on what goes on the minds of the authors of such garbage. do they laugh when they create all this ridiculous stuff or do they actually think they're doing something interesting? i wonder... the soundtrack is awful apart from some instrumental stuff that reminds you of a previous bjork album. even if you're a fan of bjork's music, stay home. it's the best thing to do. the little, tiny, pieces of nice music are no reason for you to go out and submit yourself to this torture. god!...

slow and nice images changed one another, with sometimes annoying music (you know bjork) in background, for the first 75% of the movie. if you did not have enough sleep, that's a good time. but, in the last 20% of the movie director decides to bring idea of re-birth, re-incarnation or else, through s&m images: "spiritual lovers" are cutting each others bodies with knives. for me it was very much disturbing and actually changed general impression of blend of abstract art and images of modern japanese mystery. operator and director are great, but weird. did not enjoy it at all.

don't get the impression from other reviewers that this film stinks cos it's ambivalent about the japanese whaling industry (which, morally, is no worse than the us meat trade or the scottish haggis cull), it stinks cos it's pretentious tosh, the sort of up-its-own-behind guff that gets modern art a bad name. that said, there are some stunning images, but there are stunning images in the average bus ride if you use your imagination, so that's no reason to go and see this nonsense. what happens in the film happens very slowly and often accompanied by a soundtrack that sounds like a cat being gutted, and then, just when you thinks it's finished, it starts again. i saw it it in a porn cinema in rome which had been hired for the weekend to show barney's film works, which is an admirable and clever way to reclaim what had once been a local fleapit from the dirty-old-men-in-macs brigade, but if the trendy young things and the slightly older beard-stroking bjork fans were to be honest, everyone might have had a lot more fun if they'd just shown one of the pornoes!

i couldn't agree more with another reviewer that mentioned jodorowsky.barney seems to be utterly boring and uninspired "content-wise". he can produce eye-candy (and i like candy), but its pretentiousness and fundamental artistic emptiness just diminishes all the joy. i am afraid that many people don't distinguish between similar (but really only on the surface) works of jodorowsky or even more linear film-makers like tarkovski or kubrick (i love 2001 odyssey and was never bored through the ending scenes...) that kind of art as m.barney's makes adds confusion and fends off the viewers that could otherwise start to appreciate experimental cinema. typical empty post-modern "conceptual" art. and check his interviews. i just don't buy it, sorry. and so boring. i was never bored seeing alejandro jodorowsky's movies, while drawing restraint 9 was an utter disappointment. especially while it offered the possibilities to be something, to actually tell something in a non-linear unorthodox way (like the beginning and the great choreographed dance and preparations for the ship to sail out. ships "meeting" on the sea... ideas of feces as an object of value(if it was feces). those "pearl" divers... everything could construct a great surreal movie with some content. but it didn't. and those horrible pretentious scenes of dressing up and fake tea ceremony... how vain and fake and philosophically pretentious but empty can it get?i has some great picturesque scenes, but the whole movie became so boring and pretentious and utterly empty and fake that it made me physically sick.and it doesn't have good tempo. i like slow pace movies, but this was just boring in some scenes - because it was pretentious and fake - so i was just forced to witnessed prolonged scenes of artistic vanity...that kind of movies just kill the art and spirit in my view. i want more jodorowsky!!!

i watched this movie as a preview of a matthew barney art exhibit. it certainly prepared me. i almost skipped the exhibit and, in retrospect, probably should have.aside from the score being great (bjork) and the photography rich and colorful, the content was mostly tedious and predictable. gee, i really needed to see someone wearing pearls to figure out what the pearl-divers were up to. the film was mostly a silly mixture of japanese cultural references and industrial shots of modern whaling technology being used in a mock-hunt/harvest. the film "peaks" with enough gratuitous shock-art to turn your stomach.what was the point of the movie? while others might argue that it is an anti-whaling piece, one could equally argue that it somehow also justifies whaling. personally i think it was barney's attempt at "flashing" the audience with his anal, fecal, self-mutilation, and cannibalistic fetishes.bottom line: unless you really get off on barney's sense of art, don't bother seeing this movie. the message is obscure, the pace slow, and the cultural references pretentious. if you're after shock-art, you'll do better at one of the many "undead" movies or hunting down an old copy of hustler and taking in a fecal-cartoon.

drawing restraint 9. dir: matthew barney.how do you know when you're in the middle of a pretentious art film? is it that there is only 8 lines of dialogue in 140 minutes of film? is it when bjork is wearing what looks like a giant furry pita on her head in a pseudo-asian ritual? maybe when mammoth turds and spinal columns are used in a whale blubber experiment. or, when you're about ready to kill the composer for making a minimal, and still annoying, version of a philip glass score? in any case, drawing restraint 9 is among the most pretentious of the modern art movies. at 135 minutes, it adds to its pretension by being boring to boot. i would call the use of color stunning, and the opening sequence interesting, but the rest of the movie looked like it was filmed for a discovery channel documentary. that is until it looks like they were trying to film their version of p-ss christ, but that will be coming up later.actually, the documentary-esquire portions were the best parts of it. the surface plot is about a whaling ship, and then there is a ritual about making whale fat. then, there are the guests in the form of bjork and matthew barney who are welcomed on the ship by being put through a ritual of humiliation which includes passed-out head shaving (think frat boy pranks), nicotine patches, and giant furry pita hats. then there is mutual evisceration, cannibalism, and lets not forget the giant turd.matthew barney has written that this is about "the relationship between self-imposed resistance and creativity." that's almost like saying, "if you don't get it, then you're not creative in your interpretation, so sod off because i'm an artist." oh, wait, that's the post-modern interpretation of that sentence and what the movie would be about if it was post-modern. but, its supposed to be modern art. which is about the art itself.so, let's start this whole interpretation bit, shall we? the following lines are only 3/4 serious and should not be taken as any realistic attempt to interpret the movie.the first half-hour concerns pearl divers and the construction of a giant ramp. obviously, the ramp is symbolic of the need for self-elevation to whatever standards you hold dear, and the pearl divers are looking for pearls of wisdom. then, on a whaling ship, they build a crate that looks like it is in the crude shape of a whale. obviously a crude element of foreshadowing.on the ship, they make whale fat inside the shape of the whale, and take out the fins portion. they replace this with a spinal column and later a giant turd. these are supposed to be the states of the movie itself. when its fat, its entertaining but bad for you. when it is the spinal column, its the "important" parts of the movie, or the backbone so to speak. then, the giant turd is the bowels of the movie, or when the movie is crap.bjork and matthew barney the arrive on separate ships, are put into strange humiliating outfits which aren't even well made or symmetrical, one suspects that they ran out of money and barney was trying to quit smoking. so, they put patches on his head. they go through a ritual and learn about the ship from a japanese wise man, who tells them that the ship is scarred from when another ship hit it; a crash or intersection, if you will. this inspires bjork and barney, who are different on the outside, to start cutting each other's legs off and eat them so they could turn into whales themselves and be the same person. they intersect. oh, did i forget to mention that this has been done in a robbie williams video? then, the pearl divers come back with their mouths full of pearls of knowledge which they let fall to make a stupid venn diagram. barney made it through 8th grade geometry, obviously. or, maybe at least some social studies.oh, and did i forget bjork's ear-gouging i-want-to-kill-her score? at times it is hypnotic, but at others you just want to assassinate her.art film is one thing, but when you just throw up all sorts of symbolism in the hopes of getting a reaction out of people, it becomes a self-destructive joke. when do you cross the line between becoming a joke in terms of art? dali and bunuel frequently made surreal pieces of nonsense but were more coherent and/or entertaining than this piece of trash. un chien andalou had the sensibility to cram as much symbolism as it could into less than half an hour.so, can i recommend this? only if you like dull high art films with lots of symbolism and flat imagery.d+

i would not consider myself as one of leonard cohen's greatest fans. he does however feature as an important poet / musician in my literary / musical heritage. by far the most valuable element in this documentary is to hear leonard's reflections on his own life and career. warming and humble. unfortunately the most of the musicians featured in the concert didn't converse the nuances of leonard's musical / literary manner. nick cave, jarvis cocker & beth orton were the exceptions, even though leonard highly values rufus wainrights interpretations of his songs.what particularly failed in this documentary was the ability of the filmmaker to allow the viewer to see who leonard cohen is and how these musicians connect to him. a lot is said in this respect, but the viewer is not drawn into the person leonard cohen. this failing is especially evident with the interviews with bono and the edge. they view leonard as a special icon, but can't translate their exact value of leonard cohen. the collaboration with u2 is a farce. the entire live registration looks like a rushed job. and just as in the whole film, only leonard cohen remains his part and can tell about his own part.the entire montage and screenplay is much like a high school extramural project. the use of effects such as echo, slow-motion or flashed images are ill placed. some of the camera-work is dismal. part of the score hardly recalls any associations i may have expected. at times it seemed the filmmaker was adding psychotic elements to the film. perhaps a reference to his once use of lsd.some unintentional humor ... at some point leonard tells how he influenced a musical genre. initially he can't recall the genre's name, until eventually he says it was punk, the punksters really picked up on his music. the next scene in the film is a live cover of 'i can't forget' ..."and i can't forget, i can't forget i can't forget but i don't remember who"

the saddest thing about this "tribute" is that almost all the singers (including the otherwise incredibly talented nick cave) seem to have missed the whole point where cohen's intensity lies: by delivering his lines in an almost tuneless poise, cohen transmits the full extent of his poetry, his irony, his all-round humanity, laughter and tears in one.to see some of these singer upstarts make convoluted suffering faces, launch their pathetic squeals in the patent effort to scream "i'm a singer!," is a true pain. it's the same feeling many of you probably had listening in to some horrendous operatic versions of simple songs such as lennon's "imagine." nothing, simply nothing gets close to the simplicity and directness of the original. if there is a form of art that doesn't need embellishments, it's cohen's art. embellishments cast it in the street looking like the tasteless make-up of sex for sale.in this cohen's tribute i found myself suffering and suffering through pitiful tributes and awful reinterpretations, all of them entirely lacking the original irony of the master and, if truth be told, several of these singers sounded as if they had been recruited at some asylum talent show. it's cohen doing a tribute to them by letting them sing his material, really, not the other way around: they may have been friends, or his daughter's, he could have become very tender-hearted and in the mood for a gift. too bad it didn't stay in the family.fortunately, but only at the very end, cohen himself performed his majestic "tower of song," but even that flower was spoiled by the totally incongruous background of the u2, all of them carrying the expression that bored kids have when they visit their poor grandpa at the nursing home.a sad show, really, and sadder if you truly love cohen as i do.

this film was a disaster from start to finish. interspersed with performances from "the next generation of beautiful losers" are interviews with bono and the edge as well as the performers themselves. this leaves little time for the clips of leonard cohen himself, who towers over everyone else in the film with his commanding yet gentle presence, wisdom and humor. the rest are too busy trying to canonize him as st. leonard or as some old testament prophet. many of the performances are forgettable over-interpretations (especially rufus & martha wainright's) or bland under-achievements. only beth orton and anthony got within striking distance of leonard's own versions by using a little restraint. annoying little pseudo-avant-garde gestures are sprinkled throughout the film- like out of focus superimpositions of red spheres over many of the concert and interview shots, shaky blurred camera work, use of digital delay on some of leonard cohen's comments (making it harder to hear what's being said) and a spooky, pretentious low drone under a lot of the interview segments (an attempt at added gravitas?). for the real thing, see the songs from the life of documentary produced by the bbc in 1988.

sure, if you ask any mom who's the most beautiful baby in the world, she'd tell you her son is the most amazing kid in the whole world. she's right, at least in her own world.the producers of the movie were biggie's mother and his good friend puffy. oh, well, do i need to say more? i'll break it down for those who doesn't want to do a simple deduction.the whole movie was fake. you may just put a few biggie's mtv video together and call it a movie.the beautiful angela bassett played biggie's mother. the real one in life looks like a dog.i just wonder why he called himself biggie small. big body small dick? big mouth small sound? big fat small eyes? disclaimer: i'm a person of color. so keep your racist remark to yourself.

if you didn't live in the 90's or didn't listen to rapper ever!! this movie might be ok for you, but any for any fan or any single person who ever listened to rap this movie was boring and there was no point in the movie where i said thats interesting or i didn't know that. another thing that bugged me was it made it look like anything in his life he did was very easy there was no struggle he made jail look easy, selling drugs, and even rapping it wasn't realistic. i think if the movie where released in about 15 years from now it might have more of an impact maybe!!! good rap movies hustle and flow, get rich or die trying not notorious

i thought the movie was ok but very disappointed that they didn't capture the true image of his life. i was so anticipating to see his mother being an actual jamaican, that it's driving me crazy. just watching the beginning of the movie told me that the movie was not accurate. which i completely lost interest just a matter of seconds from the beginning of the movie. i'm very disappointed, that's like watching a biography story on mark anthony and having arnold play the part. i don't know what the writer was thinking missing a valuable piece of the movie which i'm sure his mother played a huge role in his life. i will say the movie was ok besides the major fla!!!!!!

look,i'm reading and reading this comments and there's a lot of it that i wanna say but i will try to make it short but clean...first of all, lets forget all of the things how bad this movie was made...how it didn't show anything of notorious and i agree with the most people here saying that it was "hollywood", i mean, what did you expect a real life story? when will people wake up and see that u will never ever find the real truth about 2pac and biggie... its all covered up and buried deep down.second, i'm not against neither 2pac or biggie i love them both but 2pac and lil kim did get embarrassed in this movie for sure...next, for all of ya that are saying that the movie is awesome and cant see the truth, either u are too blind too see it because u think u know something about big or you don't know anything about him at all and u love this hollywood teenage movies. use your mind and see though the clouds... there is a lot of it you could say when it gets to this topic, i did not say 60% of what i have to say because its a very wide topic but for the movie i can only say that it could have been a little bit, i mean a much better done. but anyways i'm just some person giving her opinion....no hard feelings...look, i love hip hop and i live for it but after seeing this movie every person with a little intelligence could see that this is not how someone is suppose to live. with all do respect for 2pac and big, like all the other artists who are making for a living like this should turn the other page because u are ruining the youth....bringing the wrong message to the children and that is: not going to school but living from the streets, hustling and just grabbing for the paper....the true hip hop is suppose to be about love and intelligence, be smart and all.ok i know that many of you will think that i'm crazy, but this is just my point of view. look i am maybe wrong about something and im not saying this is a completely bad movie because even if i'm in hip hop for 17, 18 years i still don't know anything bout 2pac or biggie no matter how many articles i read or how much i support them and listen to their music...like most of you all out there. only people who were really close to them and the killers know the truth behind all this.and for the end i just wanna say for all of ya biggie and tupac fans and family, this two men were and will be the greatest of all time, no matter how they lived their lives but please in the future try to be better, learn and love each other, think good even for the ones that don't like you, because at the end...its not about how many money or fame u could get and how fast u could get to the top, its about accomplishing your self to the fullest and feeding your soul, your body and mind...because if u manage to do that, you will be living a life even after death!!!! peace and love to ya all!!!! rip biggie,2pac,aaliyah,left eye,jam master jay and the others who make a change in this world!!!!

as a fan of notorious b.i.g., i was looking forward to this movie. i am unfortunate to see it is a terrible movie. jamal woodward is not convincing or realistic enough to portray notorious b.i.g. a lot of the story follows notorious b.i.g.'s real son, christopher jordan wallace as notorious b.i.g. as a kid. unfortunately, he is not convincing enough to pay tribute to his father. derek luke is just as unconvincing as sean "puffy" combs. in a nutshell, no one is convincing enough to play their roles here. the big problem with this are these are actual people they are playing. it was boring, and did not give any information about notorious b.i.g. that fans and non-fans alike did not already know. i was especially disappointed with angela bassett, a very good actress wasted here as voletta wallace. the movie slugs and slugs along thinking that notorious b.i.g. fans will spend tons of money on it. i am unfortunate to say that that happened. it's nowhere close to a good movie. i was expecting so much out of it, but unfortunately i didn't get anything i wanted from this. i think you should definitely skip this one.

if this is supposed to be the black experience, let me out at either the front or back door.a mama's boy one day sees 2 young hoods walk by and from then on it's all down hill for him. angela bassett, the one shining grace in this film, plays his over protective, religious mother. despite her anger at how his life has turned, by the middle of the picture, she really decides to accept this. she allows his friends to come in and suddenly it's all right to use the profanity as long as it's not in front of the children.this is a sad state of affairs regarding gangster rap. you knew where this film was heading.i literally laughed out loud when at the end, when bassett is accompanying her son's body for burial, she states that while his life had been cut short at age 24, he had become a man. what man? he had been a convicted criminal, wrote the most atrocious rap music with constant vulgarity,and scorned society. that scene in the classroom where he tells a teacher that as a sanitation worker, he will earn more than the teacher is a perfect example of what goes on in our schools. the complete and utter lack of respect for the teacher.the east coast, west coast gang rap rivalry is never fully explained. all we see are guns blazing.a terrible picture doing nothing to prevent gang violence. what horrible role models are these rap singers and their foul music. the african american community should take umbrage at their very being. who was this classless fat slob who portrayed biggie? he made rerun from the old television show look thin by comparison. i know it was the streets of bedford stuyvesant that changed this chubby little boy into the vulgar monster that he was. what a sorry state of affairs when this is called motion picture entertainment.

this film reminded me of the sopranos, and not in a good way. david chase's seminal mob opera only ever put its foot wrong twice, the most jarring and inexplicable instance of which took place in its fourth season, when junior soprano went on trial for his life. rather than pursue this riveting (and pivotal) plot line, the writers instead chose to completely ignore it, focusing instead on bobby baccalieri's constant whimpering over his recently deceased wife's frozen pasta dish. when something of genuine interest happens in notorious - for example that first, mysterious assassination attempt on tupac shakur that ignited the whole east coast/west coast feud in the first place, and ended up leading to the deaths of both tupac and christopher wallace - the film treats it as just another bit of plot to plod through. why exactly was tupac so convinced that he was sold out by his own people? did he alone nurture his subsequent affiliation with suge knight? and was lil' kim's transformation from prim office drone into sex-obsessed, vampish diva really as banal as it appears here?none of these questions are even fleetingly addressed by the film's screenwriters, who are far more interested in depicting wallace's turbulent love life to zero compelling dramatic avail. these sequences (including a brain-frazzlingly clichéd groupie indescretion in a hotel room) are so toothless and bruisingly manipulative that the only real comparison to be made is with a network tv movie.the storytelling, in both structure and content, is simplistic and trite. but more fundamentally, as a biopic; as something designed to celebrate its subject and educate the uninitiated on the intricacies of their life and work; the film is almost entirely worthless. the reliance on meat-and-potatoes genre plotting, coupled with the lifeless musical performances (an area in which a film like this should soar, surely) result in a film that appears to have been designed only to satisfy the whims and demands of those involved, leaving wallace's questionable status as a giant in his field as the preserve of the easily persuaded and previously converted only. and the final twenty minutes, in which wallace's posthumous cultural identity is broadly painted as being akin to that of a latter day saint, quite frankly made me feel like throwing up. on that score, much as with any other, notorious is crass, calculating and compromised.

not exactly my genre, this straight-to-dvd street fight action is one i only encountered due to a friend putting it on whilst we had a few beers. i'm relatively open minded, and quite a fan of eamonn walker, so i sat back ready to enjoy myself.blood and bone is the story of isiah bone, an ex-con who becomes a street fighter for unclear reasons which eventually unfold as the film progresses. blah blah blah.what a tedious film. i understand that films like this don't rely hugely on plot, but do they have to stuff in such a silly, predictable and entirely stupid storyline? it may not be important, but by golly gum does it annoy me. better no plot and pure action than a clíche-ridden fleabag mongrel of a narrative. infused with entirely unfounded and unachieving sentimental drivel, it is the cinematic equivalent of a thin-skinned turkey stuffed with rotten innards. i should probably at this point mention what is, of course, the film's drawing point: the fighting. even in itself, the fighting is rather poor. bone manages to take out well established tough-man street fighters in single punches (a large oaf or two is the filmmakers' laughworthy attempt to rectify this inconsistency); fighters who never seem to conclude that attacking one by one is a foolish ploy. even this is repetitive and stupid, arms broken and faces kicked with a steady alacrity that we get to see time and time again.a run of the mill, film-by-numbers movie which fully deserves its straight to dvd status, doing absolutely nothing new and everything we've seen time and time again. and not even particularly well.

a black guy fights ..... and supposedly wins .... yeah ... 1/10. obviously fiction.so we're presented with a damm nice title, a real nice tag line and even a nice plot line .. thats about it, thats where it ends.. we move into fiction after that.michael jai white, the black guy so don't get confused with the name.. portrays a black guy.. umm, thats all there is to the name..its so hard to find decent help, must have hired the black guys friends to help cause the low budget, low ineptness of this movie, has the camera's shadow trailing the first scenes.... yeah obvious idiot moment for the average guy like you and me.. but yeah...10 lines. review submitted,. if you paid to see this movie, you got screwed.

there is absolutely no plot in this movie ...no character development...no climax...nothing. but has a few good fighting scenes that are actually pretty good. so there you go...as a movie overall is pretty bad, but if you like a brainless flick that offer nothing but just good action scene then watch this movie. do not expect nothing more that just that.decent acting and a not so bad direction..a couple of cameos from kimbo and carano...i was looking to see carano a little bit more in this movie..she is a good fighter and a really hot girl.... white is a great martial artist and a decent actor. i really hope he can land a better movie in the future so we can really enjoy his art..imagine a film with white and jaa together...that would be awesome

the most embarrassing moment in this film is when brady corbet says 'you've blossomed', near the end the film. i practically died. i'm still not really sure why the screenwriters put that line in there. was it supposed to create romance? because it nearly made me sick. the rest of the script was almost as bad.i've never liked the original thunderbirds, but a thunderbirds movie had the potential to do so much. this movie doesn't. if it didn't have the big draw card of the thunderbirds brand, it would have been shafted straight to tv, or canned in the post-production. maybe even before. like i said, the best thing about the movie is when the credits roll up and they play busted's song 'thunderbirds are go'. i can't believe i wasted $7 watching this through pay-per-view.

i grew up (b. 1965) watching and loving the thunderbirds. all my mates at school watched. we played "thunderbirds" before school, during lunch and after school. we all wanted to be virgil or scott. no one wanted to be alan. counting down from 5 became an art form. i took my children to see the movie hoping they would get a glimpse of what i loved as a child. how bitterly disappointing. the only high point was the snappy theme tune. not that it could compare with the original score of the thunderbirds. thankfully early saturday mornings one television channel still plays reruns of the series gerry anderson and his wife created. jonatha frakes should hand in his directors chair, his version was completely hopeless. a waste of film. utter rubbish. a cgi remake may be acceptable but replacing marionettes with homo sapiens subsp. sapiens was a huge error of judgment.

ok..this movie could have been soooo good! all generations have been exposed to thunderbirds and have come to love it and this film had some of the features one would look for in a good thunderbirds movie. the craft themselves and tracey island were realistically transferred to the big screen, whilst still keeping to the designs we fell in love with. sophia miles was, simply, fantastic, as lady p and bill paxton, whilst not exactly who i envisaged jeff tracey being, was solid enough...but then the adults were taken out of the equation and we were asked to believe 8 year olds could fly 200 tonne machines.it's not so much the fact that the movie was centred around the children that made me feel like jonathon frakes was slapping me with a wet fish and laughing at my hard earned money spent on the film, it was the fact that alan tracey was so obnoxious in the film and that he seemed to be as able to fly the machines as well as his brothers...who were at least 19/20. seriously, these are some pretty damn simple machines to use if this is the case.the film didn't seem to know whether it wanted to be serious or farcical. it tried to pay homage whilst satirising and it just generally fell flat on its face. 3/10 (2 for the machines, 1 for lady p)

this is a truly awful film. what they have done is taken a tv show, which was never aimed at young children & given it the george lucas treatment (i.e. ruined it by kiddifying it to appeal to the younger audience).ok so the thunderbirds tv show wasn't exactly the most cerebral of shows, in fact it was pretty formulaic, but it was always enjoyable to watch (especially when the models got blown up) and the voice cast wasn't too bad.this suffers from bad casting & bad acting (with the notable exceptions of sophia myles as lady penelope & ron cook as parker, who seem to be the only cast members to have a clue about how their characters should be played) & after this travesty i wouldn't let frakes direct traffic.the whole point of thunderbirds was that it was about the whole tracy family & how they worked as a team, preventing disasters or coming to the rescue of those involved in disasters.avoid this rubbish like the plague.i only give it 1 out of 10 because a zero rating is not supported.

thunderbirds (2004) director: jonathan frakes starring: bill paxton, ben kingsley, brady corbet 5…4…3…2…1! thunderbirds are go! and so began thunderbirds, a childhood favorite of mine. when i heard that they were going to make a thunderbirds movie, i was ecstatic. i couldn't wait to see thunderbird 2 roar in to save people, while thunderbird 4 would dive deep into the…you get the idea. i just couldn't wait. then came august 2004, when the movie was finally released. critics panned it, but i still wanted to go. after all, as long as the heart was in the same place, that was all that mattered to me. so i sat down in the theater, the only teenager in a crowd of 50…everyone else was over thirty and under ten. quite possibly the most awkward theater experience that i have ever had… the movie (which is intended to be a prequel) focuses on alan tracy (brady corbet), the youngest of the tracy family. he spends his days wishing that he could be rescuing people like the rest of his family, but he's too young. one day, he finally gets his chance when the hood (ben kingsley) traps the rest of his family up on thunderbird 5 (the space station). this involves him having to outsmart the hood's henchmen and rescue his family in time before the hood can steal all of the money from the bank of england.trust me, the plot sounds like a regular episode of thunderbirds when you read it on paper. once it gets put on to film…what a mess we have on our hands. first off, the film was intended for children, much like the original show was. however, gerry anderson treated us like adults, and gave us plots that were fairly advanced for children's programming. this on the other hand, dumbs down the plot as it tries to make itself a ripoff of the spy kids franchise. the final product is a movie that tries to appeal to fans of the thunderbirds series and children, while missing both entirely. lame jokes, cartoonish sounds, and stupid antics that no one really finds amusing are all over this movie, and i'm sure that jonathan frakes is wishing he'd never directed this.over all, everyone gave a solid performance, considering the script that they were all given. ben kingsley was exceptional as the hood, playing the part extremely well. my only complaint about the characters is about the hood's henchmen, who are reduced to leftovers from old looney tunes cartoons, bumbling about as, amazingly enough, the kids take them on with ease.what's odd about this movie is that while i was watching the movie, i had fun. but once the lights went up, i realized that the movie was fairly bad, i was $8 lighter, and two hours of my time were now gone. a guilty pleasure? perhaps. nonetheless, thunderbirds is a forgettable mess. instead of a big "go", i'm going to have to recommend that you stay away from this movie. if the rest of movie could have been like the first ten minutes of it, it would have been an incredible film worthy of the thunderbirds name. however, we get a movie that only die-hard thunderbirds fans (if you'd like to watch your childhood torn to pieces) or the extremely bored should bother with.my rating for thunderbirds is 1 ½ stars.

'thunderbirds' was an immensely popular sixties show that has transcended the years and generations to the point it is still as popular now, with both adults and children alike, as it was in its heyday. so, one would deduce the chance to produce a live-action feature film with a million pound hollywood budget was an excellent opportunity to revive the series as has been done with 'spider-man' and 'the x-men'. but a terrible storyline and bland acting obliterated this opportunity and it was soon apparent all that was destined for this film was a trip to the bargain bin of the kiddies' section.instead of a film focusing on the five tracey sons, their father and trusty geek brain striving to rescue people and protect the world from villains, our hero in this drudge is a malcontent and bratty thirteen-year-old alan tracey, fourteen-year-old tin-tin and ten-year-old brain-box fermat, son of brains (yes, brains' son despite this being a man who could surely never score a woman if he tried; maybe he grew the kid in a petri dish). as one can tell from a run-through of our three lead characters, this 2004 remake 'thunderbirds' was clearly aimed at entertaining only children under twelve instead of trying to appeal to a broad age-range as those involved in the much superior revival of 'spider-man' did. the plot itself was so bland with clunky, awkward dialogue and weak jokes that probably wouldn't amuse brighter pre-teens. the scriptwriter seemed more interested in ripping off 'spy kids' (which was at least quirky and original) instead of remaking the show people know and love.although sophia myles and ron cook were excellent as miss penelope and parker, they only had about three lines between them so their presence was barely felt. bill paxton's jeff tracey was just boring and there was only the slightest of mention of the other four tracey boys while anthony edwards and ben kingsley, as brains and the hood respectively, were just embarrassing. the hood, in particular, is not at all threatening or sinister and instead comes across as a campy, two-bit stereotypical villain as limp as a piece of rotting lettuce.brady corbet, who plays alan tracey, may well be a good young actor but it was hard to see that in a film where he plays a whinging brat who just grates and the same goes for vanessa anne hutchinson as tin-tin since the most she gets to do is look pretty and be all for 'girl power'. ironically, it is young soren fulton's fermat who is the only interesting character of the film as fulton delivers a natural and relaxed performance.'thunderbirds' the series will be forever remembered as an excellent show that proves puppets can give solid performances! 'thunderbirds' the film will be forgotten by most and remembered by a few as one big flop.

the basic formula for the original series was; take someone, get the audience to like them, then put them into mortal danger. this formula worked for the 32 episodes made between 1964-68. now, we jump forward 40 years to 2004.. we are introduced to alan tracy, a somewhat less-than-diligent college school kid, with his friend, fermat, a young know-it-all. they are whisked off by lady penelope in her pink ford thunderbird to the island paradise where the tracy family live, for the school holidays. almost immediately, they are left in the care of kyrano and his daughter, tin-tin whilst the adults go to rescue john from thunderbird 5 which has been damaged by a staged accident. this is all part of the hood's scheme to take over tracy island so that he can steal the thunderbird machines ...…to rob a bank!yes. the plot is as limp as that!the dialogue is banal, the acting more wooden than that of the (fibreglass) puppets, the effects, anything but special and hans zimmer's score…? what little there was of barry gray's glorious theme shone through zimmer's lackluster orchestration. the rest of the score was eminently forgettable. in fact, part of the score was broadcast the following week on the radio and didn't recognise it! i didn't even bother to stay to witness busted's mediocre efforts with the end titlesto be fair, ron cook worked quite well as parker, he and sophia myles as penelope seemed wasted. with the right material, they could have been show stoppers. the cgi work was what i would have called leading edge - 5 years ago.the dynamics of the main craft were just wrong; the original series models at least moved as if they had massanother sore point is that the whole production seemed to be one long set of product placements, from every vehicle being built by ford to the entire content of the tracy freezer being produced by ben & jerry's.my son (9) enjoyed the film but this cross between spy kids and 'clockstoppers', aimed squarely at his age group, added nothing to the thunderbirds legend. when star trek hit the big screen in 1979 with 'the motion picture', a whole new lease of life was breathed into the franchise which then continued for another 20 years or so. with this film, frakes has missed a golden opportunity to do the same with the thunderbirds franchise.i predict that this film, like 'the avengers' and 'the saint' before it, will sink into obscurity within 6 months, leaving the original series to its 'classic' status.

i've always thought that most huge box-office flops usually have something to recommend them, but after the remake of around the world in 80 days and thunderbirds, i'm beginning to doubt it. for those not familiar, it's based on a puppet show about a family of astronauts who use state of the art rockets, spaceships and subs to rescue people from various disasters (falling bridges, stricken planes, burning buildings, etc) each week. well, the puppets are gone (replaced by far more lifeless teenagers), and so is the premise - only one ineptly staged rescue and a plot shamelessly ripped off from spy kids without any signs of imagination, wit or entertainment. young alan tracey feels left out of all the rescuing we never see the other traceys do because dad won't let him play with a real rocket until he passes his exams. grounded on a beautiful tropical island (some punishment!), his chance to shine comes when the rest of the family - a bunch of identikit bleach-blondes who look like a gay neo-nazi boy band without a single bit of characterisation between them - are stranded in space and he has to have the day by, er, running around the jungle, making a phone call, firing a hose at the inept comedy relief villains and dousing them in gunk for bad measure.the good points are few and far between. one of them is that the film is mostly in focus. the other is they all got to go to the seychelles, which looks nice.the bad points: where to start? ben kingsley's career lowpoint performance? the aforementioned inept comedy relief sidekicks who would disgrace the children's film foundation at its worst? the almost complete lack of action or effects in a $70m sci-fi film? the terrible script, the lifeless direction, the odious moralising? but most of all is the fact that the film is so patronising in every possible way. forget the life lessons and off the peg sentiment, this is a movie aimed straight at the under-eights by people who know they're making a kid's movie and are constantly talking down to their intended audience, throwing in fifth-rate jokes and routines that would insult most children who had only recently mastered the art of speech. this film could replace being sent to bed early without their dinner as parents' favourite punishment for kids.the biggest flop in british film history (it didn't even cover the cost of prints and marketing), it's just about watchable if only as an object lesson in how not to make a summer movie.

johnathan frakes is a good actor and, when he's not directing a family film, a fine director. but, he really shouldn't have directed this movie, and the screenplay should've been rejected. the director and writers must understand what the original tv show was really about, as well as who the characters were and how they worked. the original series had many episodes with razor-sharp writing using good dialogue and with situations that american producers would never consider using in children's programming, much less a movie, which made the original series so well received by adults. i mean, the tracys were college graduates and some of them did even drank alcohol and smoked tobacco! and, there were characters who did get killed, although most were bad guys. if they had written it the way that it was originally done, which isn't dumbing things down with poor dialogue, kindergarten humor, and a weak plot, this universal/studio canal joint venture wouldn't have such bad reviews. this motion picture is almost pure blasphemy. if you've seen the original supermarionation series, then you'll know what i'm talking about! the first thing that was out of place and annoying were the constant references to ford motor company, even going so far that lady penelope was riding around in a disfigured ford thunderbird made up to look like fab-1 instead of using what would've been more appropriate considering ms. penelope's station (not to mention being more faithful to the original), a rolls-royce fab-1. she's supposed to be a distinguished member of british society, hence the preference for england's finest make of motorcars in the original series. one other reviewer here indicated that penelope wouldn't be caught dead in a ford. he's pretty much right in the context that the idea of her riding in a ford doesn't work. at least they could have had penelope ride in a jaguar made up like fab 1 since jaguar is a british car make that is owned by ford, but no! they had to use a straight ford! but the ford product placement doesn't end there. every single car you may see is a ford! even the news flash that is shown on the tv sets in the movie were sponsored by ford! ford, ford, ford! the predominance of ford vehicles makes this movie an obvious marketing vehicle for ford. the original series had a design that was futuristic for the 1960s and still remains ahead of its time even today. but, the futuristic design in the original series worked because there was an effort to make the design look practical and functional. this kind of treatment didn't exist in the movie, where everything is stylized to excess, defeating the sense of functionality and practicality. a lot of things that were done in the design of the movie were done strictly for style, many times with no sense of function to give that style a sense of reason.the original series relied on good acting performances of the voice talent to overcome the limited expressions in the puppets, bringing them to life in the episodes. the brilliant and lively music score by barry gray helped even further to connect the audience with the story, the characters, and how everything came together to help achieve the super objective (a little bit of stanislavski talk). the movie, on the other hand, had some overly grating performances. anthony edwards overplayed brains to a fault, bill paxton as jeff tracy just didn't work despite decent acting (one of few), there were better choices for the hood than ben kingsley, and many others that i don't care to mention (it would take too long). quite simply, the puppets were more believable! second was the overly generic and underwhelming music score by hans zimmer, sounding more like a mix between "days of thunder" and "apollo 13." and, of course, the hood. the hood in the original series had an ability to communicate with kyrano through a statue of kyrano as an outlet for esp contact. but, that was where his extraordinary capability ended. he's a master of disguise and deception, which allows him to sneak around undetected (for the most part, anyways) to gather information of the thunderbirds vehicles for his own means. he also uses weapons for his own defense, including pistols, and generally collects information using a film camera, although he tried to steal thudnerbirds 1 and 2 in the 1960s united artists release of "thunderbird 6" (which was the last thunderbirds show filmed in supermarionation and was the second thunderbirds theatrical release). but, while he is a nemesis of international rescue, the hood isn't the villain in every thunderbirds episode and he tends to avoid direct confrontation with international rescue. in the movie, he's obviously the main villain, but he and his cohorts seem to act more like morons, along with the hood having extended mind control ability, including the ability to move objects and move himself into flight for brief periods of time. this totally deviates from the hood as a character in the original series with one that may leave kids laughing and people familiar with the series scratching their heads in confusion or leaving the theater in disgust.there are more criticisms, but the 1000 word limit for imdb reviews will not allow me to list all of them. so, i will close with the point being made that i didn't enjoy this movie. as a matter of fact, i think it sucks! having seen the original series and supermarionation movies (thunderbirds are go, thunderbird 6), i was hoping for something a lot better than this.the original supermarionation was a lot more sophisticated and elegant than this live action farce. (and that's saying it nicely.) - kip wells

the best thing about camp films in general is that you know what to expect. it's like watching a professional wrestling match or a day time soap opera or a jerry springer show: you immediately can follow the skimpy plot, identify the cardboard characters, and watch in satisfaction while all the cliches are being fulfilled. however, at times, the director does something real unexpected. it may be something extraordinarily stupid, or something weird, or something insightful. the director makinen is up there with the best camp directors, and this is his best movie.in yon saalistajat, everything seems to come together. there's nothing good about it, but still manages to be a coherent whole. not once does the movie slow down - the action flows on and punches keep on coming.the weirdest thing is that there's no sense of time: some characters seem to take months doing something while other characters have only spent one hour at a bar. this is partially due to finnish summer where the sun never sets, so you don't experience the day turning into a night at all.finally: there is a plot, there, somewhere. you may have to watch the movie three times before you realize it, though.

this is a classic stinker with a big named cast, mostly seniors who were well past their prime and bedtime in this one.this is quite a depressing film when you think about it. remain on earth, and you will face illness and eventually your demise.gwen verndon showed that she could still dance. too bad the movie didn't concentrate more on that. maureen stapleton, looking haggard, still displayed those steps from "queen of the star dust ballroom," so much more down to earth from 10 years earlier.i only hope that this film doesn't encourage seniors to commit mass suicide on the level of jim jones. how can anyone be idiotic enough to like this and say it gets you to think?why did don ameche win an oscar for this nonsense?if the seniors were doing such a wonderful thing at the end, why was the youngster encouraged to get off the boat? why did steve guttenberg jump ship as well? after all, he had found his lady-love. this would have been a nice film if the seniors had just managed to find their fountain of youth on earth and stay there.sadly, with the exception of wilford brimley, at this writing, vernon, gilford, stapleton, ameche, tandy, cronyn and lord knows who else are all gone. the writers should have taken the screenplay and placed it with this group as well.

i didn't agree with any of the theology in the left behind series, but nonetheless i found the books gripping and i read 8 of 12 of them. undeniably good writing and interesting story. however, i didn't have very high expectations for the movie. there was no way mainstream hollywood would have taken up a christian series and produced a big-budget movie. so it was done independently... and it just felt like i was watching a really long tv show. it just didn't feel like a movie; it didn't have that movie "experience" to it, if anybody knows what i'm talking about. so the movie suffered because of that, and the low-budget, poor special effects were another detraction for me.on top of that, i feel that gordon currie was woefully miscast as nicolie carpathia. reading the book, my impression of nc was that he was supposed to be this charming, dazzling, amazingly handsome guy who spoke english with almost zero trace of an accent. so i imagined somebody like pierce brosnan in the role. instead, they found some clay aiken pencil-neck who looks like an employee of the month from best buy, and gave him a really bad fake accent. so that lost a few stars for me right there. a movie is just not convincing when the major villain doesn't look or sound the way he's supposed to.the acting was okay, but nothing to write home about. some of the scenes - like one of the conversion scenes (can't remember which one) - were real seat-squirmers for me. and some of the christian rock music or whatever it was, was really out of place for some of the scenes, like in the one with kirk cameron praying in the bathroom.in short, it wasn't a bad movie, but it just didn't do it for me. stick to the book, folks, it's much better.

surprisingly enough does movie does have some redeeming quality in it when it moves toward its end. for the other part this movie is being a really bad and lame one, with a small budget, insultingly bad written script and everything that goes with it.it's silly that with all the money going around in the christian circles they never can seem to get sufficient funds to make a decent movie with. i'm not a religious, so i couldn't care less really but film-making does some like a good tool to reach a new audience for churches and getting people more interested and curious in reading the bible for instance. in that regard these movies always seem like a wasted opportunity.the low budget does really hurt the movie and brings it down. it makes the movie laughable to watch with its effects and it just gives the overall movie a campy b-movie like feeling.but what's hurting this movie more is its writing. the stuff that just happens in this movie is just insulting to the intelligence and then i'm not even complaining or talking about the religious aspects of the whole story. the way the movie progresses is just so improbable and the people within this movie do such highly unlikely things that it's being insulting to its viewers.i also hated how the movie was being like a soap opera at times. seemed to me that they simply had a hard time turning this into a full length movie and they added in some characters and dramatic developments just to fill things up. i just couldn't cared less really at times.still it needs to be said that the movie gets more solid and steady toward its end, when its story gets more focused on its essence. still it remains predictable all but it prevented this movie from being a complete wreck to watch and as far as these type of movies are concerned, there are far worser one to watch out there, though i don't think this movie will win over any new souls.4/10

when i was younger, i thought the first film was really good in childhood, so i decided to see the sequel. this is an example of why some films shouldn't have sequels, because the first film is usually best, and it is. basically now that ariel and eric are married they have a daughter who isn't allowed outside the house because they are worried about the sister of ursula (the octopus legged villain from film one), morgana getting to her. when the kid gets out she asks ursula's sister to turn her into a mermaid, like her mum was. this makes ariel go back to the sea to find her. the same good voice artists, it's just the story that could have had a bit more thought. adequate!

disney goes to the well one too many times as anybody who has seen the original little mermaid will feel blatantly ripped off. celebrating the birth of their daughter melody, ariel and eric plan on introducing her to king triton. the celebration is quickly crashed by ursula 's sister, morgana who plans to use melody as a defense tool to get the king 's trident. stopping the attack, ariel and eric build a wall around the ocean while melody grows up wondering why she cannot go in there.awful and terrible is what describes this direct to video sequel. little mermaid 2 gives you that feeling everything you watch seemed to have come straight other disney movies. i guess disney can only plagiarize itself! do not tell me that the penguin and walrus does not remind you of another duo from the lion king!other disappointing moments include the rematch between sebastien and louie, the royal chef. they terribly under played it! the climax between morgana and everyone seemed to be another disappointment.i will not give anything away, but in 75 minutes, everything seemed incredibly cramped and too much to handle. an embarrassment to disney, little mermaid 2 is better left to rent and laugh at. then you can prepare for the rest of the other sequels disney is going to drown you in later on.

this is a movie that is bad in every imaginable way. sure we like to know what happened 12 years from the last movie, and it works on some level. but the new characters are just not interesting. baby melody is hideously horrible! alas, while the logic that humans can't stay underwater forever is maintained, other basic physical logic are ignored. it's chilly if you don't have cold weather garments if you're in the arctic. i don't know why most comments here return of jafar rates worse, i thought this one is more horrible.

what on earth has become of our dear ramu? is this the same man who made sarkar, satya, and comapny? i refuse to believe so. if aag was ramu's most ambitious project, he has clearly jumped off the high cliff he has ascended by giving the industry some of the greatest works of all times. this movie is made to fall like a brick. i was cringing to leave the theater, but i was forced to sit because i wouldn't have been able to take my car out of the parking lot before others also left. else, nothing would have made me sit beyond interval.this movie is nowhere close to sholay. it doesn't even come near it within a mile. i believe ramu surely loves the godfather more than sholay, since sarkar was a classic piece of work. i read ramu's interview a couple of days back, in which the interviewer said that ramu doesn't sleep for more than 4 hours a day, that too not at a stretch. i completely agree with this now, as his lack of sleep has probably taken its toll on the movie.there is no power in the performance. amitabh bachchan doesn't even look scary. he looked more terrifying in the few posters and wallpapers i saw earlier. ramu's favorite nisha kothari did a fantastic job in sarkar because she didn't have many dialogs (in fact none if i remember clearly). she opened her mouth in this movie, and has found a place in history. the new guy playing jai's role seems to have that brash look, but didn't manage jai's role at all. i cant go on... im sorry... my pain is too big for me to manage right now.i promised myself throughout the movie that i will watch the original sholay once more just to see that it is still there.bottom line: horrible movie. the media and critics are going to cook ramu's goose. and just to remind all readers once more, i am one of the biggest ramu fans, and even i cant spare him for this act.

where to begin? how best to describe just how awful this movie is???let's start with the campy hick humor. it isn't very funny. add a bunch of musicians impersonating actors - meat loaf is horrible and deborah harry is even worse. pity poor art carney, who should have known better than to do this movie.and then there is the plot. a roadie whose life goal is to work an alice cooper show meets a girl whose life goal is to be a groupie for alice cooper. at least they get what they want...and then, just when the movie should end, they can't come up with a more plausible last scene than a - well, i won't ruin it for you if you really want to see the movie.there are certain actors that let you know that this is going to be a "b" movie or perhaps worse. gailard sartain is one of them for me - and he has a more prominent role. that's a sure sign that the movie probably won't be very good. if nothing else, the movie lives up to the low expectations - even exceeds them by being worse than poor.let's just say this. this is the movie against which all bad movies are compared. and none are worse than roadie.

the first look on the cover of this picture, it looks like a good rock n roll movie. but don't let the cover fool you, or the fact that alice cooper and blondie is in it. the storyline is just horrible, and so is the acting. plain and simple: badit's not a movie about a roadie, its just a thin love story, so awful that you see right through it. the only good thing about this movie, is the soundtrack.some good songs, and that is why i give 2 out of 10. if it wasn't for the music, it would of been 0 out of 10. meat loaf is a horrible actor(at least he was in 1980), and the girl who plays the groupie isn't even good looking! this movie was a huge disappointment for me, because it makes a lot of good promises.

four years after making his directorial debut with the art-house snoozer "welcome to l.a.", alan rudolph shows us what he really wanted from hollywood was to be one of the guys. "roadie" is a frat-boy fracas complete with barroom brawls, horny harpies, art carney in a souped-up wheelchair...and meat loaf at the wheel. meat loaf (playing travis w. redfish!) is actually a rather charming presence on the screen, and perhaps in a smaller role (in a better movie) he might indeed be ingratiating, but zalman king's script is full of stereotypical redneck humor and helpless meat loaf is kept wide-eyed and moronic. alice cooper, roy orbison, hank williams, jr., and blondie all make appearances--and all look embarrassed. they certainly should, "roadie" is one bad trip. no stars from ****

some of the worst, least natural acting performances i've ever seen. which is perhaps not surprising given the clunky, lame dialog given to the one note characters. add to that the cheap production values and you've got a movie that doesn't look like it even belongs on television. one doesn't expect much from a lifetime movie, especially one this old, but this is nearly unwatchably bad.plot-wise, it's a dreadful, clichéd romance of a type even harlequin would consider beneath them. it's possible to guess how the remainder of the movie will go by simply watching the opening couple of scenes. surprise, the only female character who gets any focus and the mysterious stranger end up falling in love.

they should have named this movie ...blonde women that needed to get their roots colored. also the main character, geeze, the too tight sweaters. the giggling. thought the guy did a good job though. i keep hoping we'll find a good 8 star christmas movie to watch this week. the dart throwing. had to laugh at that too. we've still got 3 more on the dvr to watch, maybe we'll get lucky. oh yeah, i figured the guy out pretty quickly and nailed it when he picked up the flowers and then drove out with his cousin. i told my daughter they were on their way to the cemetery. and how stupid was it that the two gals followed them there spying on them? creepy.

a note to all of you budding film writers: study this film. if your dialog reads like the dialog in this film, please shred your script and try again.i didn't have high expectations, but was intrigued by the description indicating there was a mystery at the christmas ornament factory. the mystery is resolved very early and the film becomes a straight romance. i almost stopped watching it at 5 minutes, 10 minutes, and at the first break. my spouse , who is the hallmark & lifetime fan, gave up at the first break. forest river is a company town - the main business is aikens ornaments, who make all manner of holiday decorations.the patriarch of the company has recently passed away, so the companies future might be in question. we soon meet noelle, who would rather be on wall street than main street, and the mysterious justin, who gets a date with noelle after a large snowman she is inflating crashes into justins car. once we meet alison aikens, doing due diligence for the board, we have our story setup.if you can't nail all the story arcs by the first commercial break, you haven't seen enough of this kind of holiday film. maybe that's a good thing.

it's very sad that lucian pintilie does not stop making movies. they get worse every time. niki and flo (2003) is a depressing stab at the camera. it's unfortunate that from the many movies that are made yearly in romania , the worst of them get to be sent abroad ( e.g. chicago international film festival). this movie without a plot , acting or script is a waste of time and money. score: 0.02 out of 10.

i find it rather useless to comment on this "movie" for the simplest reason that it has nothing to comment upon.it's similar to a rotten egg which has nothing good to show to the world excerpt for the fact that it is rotten as other endless number of eggs have been before it. but since a comment is mandatory for such a grandiose insignificance ... filth is definitely the proper word to describe this movie created in the same manner as any other romanian "movie" directed by lucian pintilie who insists to depict the so called "romanian reality" following the communist era (1990 to present days).under no circumstances recommended for people outside romania as for the others (who lately find amateurish camera, lack of plot, lack of directorial / actors's quality etc, noise etc. as being trendy and even art-like) : watch & enjoy this "movie" (as i know you will) but do the other well intentioned imdb members a favor, don't write an online review for it will misguide, irritate and in the end waste their time.on the other hand this movie (among others) has some value whatsoever, an educational one for it sets the example for : "how not to make a movie."

i saw this movie twice. i can't believe pintilie made such a fantasy movie. i'm also a movie/theatre director and i know what i speak. this is not romania anymore, but i see the events are happening in the same period with the incident from 11 september. no story, no plot, nothing. no conclusion, no message, nothing profound, nothing hidden. just empty images.what most of romanians don't know, this movie is for the french viewers, not for us. they really believe that is the reality in romania. also for teenagers. pintilie should stop making movies. i don't really know if we can call this a movie, maybe a horror :) and we wonder why we've got such an image in europe. this was a reality, but isn't anymore. a good friend of mine from the brithish embassy said: "you have no idea what a long way romanian people walked from ceausescu".

this movie begins with an ordinary funeral... and it insists so hard on this ordinary funeral feel that i lost interest within 5 minutes of watching, and started skipping scenes. it seems to me whomever made this movie is afflicted to the extent of becoming trapped in a permanent morbid trance, unable to contemplate anything else but death and destruction. well, i ain't one of the dark kids from southpark, i want a movie that within 10 minutes gets me well into an interesting story, i won't sit and watch 10 minutes of nothing but preparations for a funeral.. my grandma on her last years was fascinated by funerals, perhaps she might have enjoyed this "movie".

i am a big fan of fred macmurray and carole lombard. and, in addition to them, charles butterworth (a very enjoyable supporting actor) was in this film,...so why didn't i particularly enjoy it?! well, despite a good cast, this is one of the poorest written and most clichéd "a pictures" i have ever seen. given the talent and money spent to make this film, it is shocking how slip-shod the writing was. i knew the film would be tedious when time after time early in the film i found myself predicting exactly what would happen next--and i was always right! and this isn't because i am some sort of "movie savant", but was because almost no imagination or effort went into it. in fact, it seemed almost as if the film was just a long string of clichés all strung together! also, i found it a bit irritating that fred mistreated carole so bad throughout the film and yet, true to convention, she came running to him in the end. uggh! there is more suspense in a lassie film ("will he bring people to rescue timmy or will the rope he is dangling from break?").despite the very, very tired and clichéd script, there were a few positives about the film. it was pretty cool seeing fred look like a broken lush at the end of the film--it was pretty believable and he looked like he hadn't eaten, shaved or slept in days. also, charles butterworth's "prattle" did provide a few mildly humorous moments. but all this just wasn't enough to make this film look any different than a "b movie". it's a shame,...it could have been so much better.

i've always liked fred macmurray, and—although her career was tragically cut short—i think carole lombard is fun to watch. pair these two major and attractive stars together, add top supporting players like jean dixon, anthony quinn, dorothy lamour and charles butterworth, give them a romantic script, team them with noted director mitchell leisen and you get…a mediocre movie experience.skid johnson (fred) and maggie (carole) "meet cute" during her visit to the panama canal, and spend the next few weeks falling in love. skid's a great trumpeter, so he embarks on a musical career, which is predictably meteoric in both its rise and fall. during his climb to musical stardom, he neglects maggie, who later inspires him to start over after he's hit rock bottom. ah, yes…it's the true hollywood happy ending, which comes none too soon.stars and a director of this caliber should guarantee success, but this movie is so predictable and slow-paced that it's difficult to watch at times. the early scenes set in panama are so draggy that they seem to go on forever, and later an alcoholic skid just wanders endlessly in new york. fred and carole try their best, but the tired script and s-l-o-w direction just don't give them a chance. even the final scene, in which maggie encourages skid to rise from the ashes of alcohol and disappointment, just doesn't ring true.this movie should be seen once to watch some early performances from stars macmurray and lombard. however, i guarantee that watching it will seem to take about 48 hours.

what the ........... is this ? this must, without a doubt, be the biggest waste of film, settings and camera ever. i know you can't set your expectations for an 80's slasher high, but this is too stupid to be true. i baught this film for 0.89$ and i still feel the urge to go claim my money back. can you imagine who hard it stinks ?who is the violent killer in this film and what are his motivations??? well actually, you couldn't possible care less. and why should you? the makers of this piece of garbage sure didn't care. they didn't try to create a tiny bit of tension. the director ( stephen carpenter -- i guess it's much easier to find money with a name like that ) also made the kindred (1986) wich was rather enjoyable and recently he did soul survivors. complete crap as well, but at least that one had eliza dushku. this junk has the debut of daphne zuniga !!! ( who ?? ) yeah that's right, the melrose place chick. her very memorable character dies about 15 min. after the opening credits. she's the second person to die. the first victim dies directly in the first minute, but nobody seems to mention or miss him afterwards so who cares ? the rest of the actors...they don't deserve the term actors actually, are completely uninteresting. you're hoping they die a quick and painful death...and not only their charactersmy humble opinion = 0 / 10

if you've ever seen an eighties slasher, there isn't much reason to see this one. originality often isn't one of slasher cinema's strongpoints, and it's something that this film is seriously lacking in. there really isn't much that can said about pranks, so i'll make this quick. the film was one of the 74 films included on the dpp video nasty list, and that was my only reason for seeing it. the plot follows a bunch of kids that stay behind in a dorm at christmas time. as they're in a slasher, someone decides to start picking them off and this leads to one of the dullest mysteries ever seen in a slasher movie. the fact that this movie was on the video nasty list is bizarre because, despite a few gory scenes, this film is hardly going to corrupt or deprave anyone, and gorier slashers than this (friday the 13th, for example) didn't end up banned. but then again, there's banned films that are much less gory than this one (the witch who came from the sea, for example). anyway, the conclusion of the movie is the best thing about it, as although the audience really couldn't care less who the assailant is by this point; it is rather well done. on the whole, this is a dreary and dismal slasher that even slasher fans will do well to miss.

this one probably does not fit in the bottom of the barrel of mediocre slasher movies but it's surely a damn bad movie.the holiday premise made it kind of interesting but after the first scenes the movie demonstrates it's poor production values and stupid plot. i mean, the sub-genre was at the moment all about an unseen maniac slashing teens for no apparent reasons but this one took it too far. there is absolutely no coherence in the events or nothing else to add.the clichès are more than boring, the gore is minimal, and so does the mystery.this is a fairly mediocre slasher entry that shouldn't be hyped even if it has a video nastie label.i am truly disappointed by this overrated piece of trash.

one of a multitude of slashers that appeared in the early eighties, pranks is notable only for an early performance by daphne zuniga (the sure thing, the fly 2); her character dies fairly early on, and the rest of the film is totally forgettable.during their christmas break, a group of students volunteer to clear a condemned college building of its furniture. a crazy killer, however, throws a spanner in the works by methodically bumping off the youngsters one by one in a variety of gruesome ways.exploiting every stalk 'n' slash cliché in the book, director jeffrey obrow delivers a tedious and unexciting horror that had me praying for the characters to be killed, so that i could get on with watching something more worthwhile. the majority of the deaths (which, let's face it, is why we generally watch this kind of film) are brief and not that gory; the only truly grisly imagery comes right at the end when the bodies of the victims are discovered by the remaining survivor (there is one notably bloody dismembered corpse—the film could've done with more).at the last minute, the film saves itself from the disgrace of receiving the lowest possible score from me by having a nice unexpectedly downbeat ending, but this really is one for slasher completists only.

((nb: spoiler warning, such as it is!))first off, this is a teen slasher flick -- the spam-in-a-cabin genre, as joe bob briggs piquantly put it. if you're looking for roshambo, this isn't it and wasn't going to be it. i'm desperately unimpressed by stabs at its cinematography, directing or acting performances.secondly, this wasn't zuniga's first horror flick, it was her first screen appearance period, cinema, tv, whatever. for what it is worth; neither is daphne zuniga susan sarandon or katherine hepburn.thirdly, you have to give even a lame slasher flick props. sure, it follows the deeply insulting formulaic message of its genre: any young woman having or showing interest in sex is beef on the hoof, and the harvest time is now.except this one gives the chop to the sweet, virginal protagonist as well! now there is a mediocre teen death film that has the courage of its convictions! interesting that this was said ingenue's only film role. another one hit wonder, except that term gives the lass too much credit.(then again, this film probably has one of the highest percentage of one-movie actors in history. of the nineteen credited actors, a whopping thirteen never appeared in any other film. three appeared in one other movie by the same producers. only one other besides zuniga has as many as six screen credits. what was this, the has been and never were mutual aid society?)granted, i saw this a long time ago on late night cable when i was bored and never anticipate being that bored in my life again, but i see no reason to hunt down everyone involved and toss them in the incinerator with joanne.2/10.

it's the early 80s. there's a group of suspiciously old-looking teens. and there's a maniac stalking around. yes, this is slasherville.this movie is called pranks. why is it called pranks? i haven't the faintest idea. unless your idea of a great prank is to repeatedly hit someone's dinner with a baseball bat - on balance, not a great prank; in fact quite a rubbish prank if truth be told. but there you go.the film itself concerns a group of teenagers who are tasked with cleaning out a decommissioned dormitory. they become aware that a psychopath is on the loose. to combat this development, they split up and wander about in the dark. it ends in tears for most of them.pranks is a badly made slasher movie. the dvd release i viewed was the vipco one. it appears to be cut of a fair bit of violence. this makes the dvd even more pointless because, let's face it, a slasher movie shorn of violence is a waste of time. for slasher-film and video nasty completists only.

i heard so much about this movie how it was a great slasher and one of those early 80's movies that die hard fans of most slasher movies just had to see. well, i rented it and i have to say that although it kept my attention as far as the suspense goes for most slasher films such as "april fools day", "friday 13th" and "prom night", this film could have been right up there with the above mentioned only it lacked true enthusiasm and potential from the characters as well as the on going story. characters that i found were unfortunate to be in this movie was the weirdo guy with the frizzy hair that kept creeping around the dorm and of course leading up to his true climatic role during the end with he faces the killer. another would be the dirty scruffy looking guy with the jean jacket, he could have played more roles in this movie that might have made the movie more interesting, instead, the movie played this guy as just another loser out there making unknown calls while he sleeps with his girlfriend and then drops his part and cuts him off until the end which was a waste, i was disappointed in his part in the end. as far as the true identity of the killer goes, when the identity was released as to who he was, i just laughed, but it was all to obvious and he really made a true jerk out of himself as well as an annoying character after his true intentions were revealed. this movie should be one to at least watch once for all slasher fans but don't spend your hard earned money on it in some rare hard to find collectors inventory.

eh, not a particular good slasher flick. so-so acting, effects, decent yet familiar and uninventive soundtrack.there are three deaths in close succession near the beginning of the movie that make for a fairly good scene in which it would seem anything goes. apart from that, there's a lot of characters wandering around, not realizing what's going on, or chasing after red herrings; more killing of time, than of people. there are other deaths, and the killer is an equal opportunity murderer, not partial to any one implement. the killer also likes to set other people up to kill innocent people as well. the identity isn't revealed towards the end, and motive is pretty thin, and we really don't care.supposedly the movie takes place around christmas, but this isn't a major factor. one scene gets lit by christmas lights, that's about it.the movie is rather dark with a muddy picture most of the time, at least on the videotape i watched. some of the dialog got a little lost in some of the opening scenes. the ending should have been stronger than it was. we think we realize what happened, although there's a chance something else did.

the two things are are good about this film are it's two unknown celebrities.first, daphne zuniga, in her first appearance in a film, young and supple, with looks that still encompass her body today, steals the very beginning, which is all she is in, and that is that. she is obviously just starting out because her acting improved with her next projects.second, the score by then known composer christopher(chris) young is what keeps this stinker from getting a one star...yeah, i know one star more is not much, but in this movie's case, it is a lot.the rest is just stupid senseless horror of a couple a college students who try to clean out a dorm that is due for being torn down, getting offed one by one by an unsuspecting killer, blah, blah, blah...we all know where this is going.watch the first eighteen minutes with daphne zuniga, then turn it off.

an uninteresting addition to the stalk 'n slash cycle which dominated the horror genre in the 1980's. this was filmed as pranks but released as the dorm that dripped blood which is an obvious steal from the 1970 horror anthology the house that dripped blood. daphne zuniga is the only recognisable face in the cast and this was her first horror movie (she has also appeared in the initiation and the fly ii).

probably one of the most boriest slasher movies ever, badly acted and badly written.the plot five students staying behind during the holidays closing down a dorm, but somebody has designs on them and starts killing them off one by one, the main suspect is the creepy groundskeeper john hemmitt played by woody roll, or could it be one of the five characters.acting not that bad not that great either apart from daphne zungia who dies way too quickly and should have been the main heroine, and the rest well quite dull although laura lapinski the main heroine sometimes has her charm and you do feel sorry for her in the end.the kills can't really see why they banned this, the kills look fake mostly, one guy has his hand sliced in half in the beginning which looks really fake, but the others are quite nasty like one girl gets her head run over by a car, one girl gets boiled alive and another gets burned alive.overall not really a great slasher could have been a lot better

i'm not looking for quality; i'm just trying to get through the 74 famous video nasties that were banned in britain. this one was initially banned and re-released in 2001 with a whole 10 seconds cut.some college kids spend their christmas vacation preparing a dorm for renovation. there are some creepy characters lurking about along with the four kids. which of them is the slasher? the actual killings are not very gory, so this video nastie is not really nasty. there is the requisite flashing of the boobies, but it has nothing to do with the college kids.i had a suspect very quickly and i turned out to be right. maybe i've seen too many of these. the end twist was clever; i have to give the writers credit for that bit of originality.

over christmas break, a group of college friends stay behind to help prepare the dorms to be torn down and replaced by apartment buildings. to make the work a bit more difficult, a murderous, chucks-wearing psycho is wandering the halls of the dorm, preying on the group in various violent ways.registered as one of the 74 'video nasties' listed by the u.k. in the 1980s, the dorm that dripped blood had a good reputation built up for it prior to first viewing. the term 'video nasty' strikes into mind some images of some great explicit gore, violence, sex, etc.: all the things a horror fan dreams of. so, after hearing all of that info, i settled into pranks (alt. title) expecting a sleazy slasher experience. . . and that's what it tried to be, but failed pretty much completely. visually, the film's not great. the cinematography, gore (except for a couple scenes), and overall direction all fail. it's simply not enjoyable to watch. the unoriginal script is lacking and often throws in random things without any real reason (like the opening kill). there are some cool death scenes, including a pretty nice face melt (which can be seen on the poster), but that's about it for the positive. the acting is pretty bad, the story seems unimportant, the killer isn't cool or scary, and it suffers the one major error that any slasher flick should always avoid: it's a bit boring. overall, for a film done by a few ucla film students for $90,000 (which would be over double that today), the dorm that dripped blood isn't a total mess. it has a couple good things, and is fairly watchable. . . but, as a slasher flick looking to be on the level of films like the house on sorority row and pieces. . . it just cannot compare. don't expect much, and you may at least be entertained. i hate to say it, but this is one of the few films i've seen that would actually be better with a remake. . . and yet, they go after great works like black christmas. oh well. . .obligatory horror elements:- subgenre: slasher- violence/gore: there are some brutally cool kills, and the gore is okay for the most part. . . but nothing special. also, they off-screened some of the best murders.- sex/nudity: there's a little unappealing (to me) nudity, but not very much.- cool killer(s): nah. the ending monologue(s) of the killer made him/her pretty uncool.- scares/suspense: a jump scare or two, but nothing too effective.- mystery: i suppose, yeah, but i simply didn't care enough, and it's as obvious as the nose on the killer's face.- - -final verdict: 3.75/10. bah! humbug! -ap3-

daphne zuniga is the only light that shines in this sleepy slasher, and the light fades quickly. if not her, than what other reason to watch this. five college kids are signed up to prepare an old dorm for its due date of demolition. problems are automatically occurring when a weird homeless man is soliciting, and the group are short a few people. then, a killer is on the loose. i honestly wanted to say i was going to enjoy this one. it had a fair set up, or maybe that was just daphne zuniga in it. the film is too slow, and almost as silent as a library. most of the acting is below average, and the "point-of-view" moments are so old news. acclaimed composer christopher young of such films as "hellraiser" and "entrapment" scored this, in a repetitive cue line that was better made for a tv movie. still, it seems higher than the movie deserves. so, other than young and zuniga, this one scrapes the bottom of the barrel.

college students, who are clearing out a condemned dormitory, are stalked by an elusive killer.the dorm that dripped blood (aka pranks) is a bit of a mixed bag for slasher fans. the movies production values are pretty low and the story for the most part is pretty routine, there's even a creepy bum hanging around for a red herring. in fact much of the story's build-up is pretty forgettable, save for one or two brutal murders. but the movie is really made better by its surprisingly intense climax (in an atmospheric setting) and one fairly bold, unconventional conclusion.the cast is lackluster for the most part. stephen sachs is the best of the lot as he does a pretty nice turn in character. also look for a young daphne zuniga as an ill-fated student.over all this is a pretty standard b slasher effort, but the finale is well worth savoring and for this viewer saved the movie from being a complete ho-hum.** out of ****

a slick romanticizing of the sexual exploitation of neworleans black women by white men of power and privilege. ooh. does that whet your appetite? well, then, belly up to a vhs or dvd and gorge on this gratuitous trolling through a seamy segment of history. for good measure, it's adapted from the book by celebrated hack anne rice. the directing is as cloying and melodramatic as the cheesy dialog. most of acting is amateurish. the production's sole worthwhile note is that it employed practically a dozen black actors, all of whom have scarcely been in employed in today's market (jasmine guy, ben vereen, pam grier, eartha kitt), including some faces that have barely been seen at all (bianca lawson, rachel cuttrell). it also is, despite itself, a sterling showcase for nicole lyn. the pompous and ponderous james earl jones is on-hand as well. so, is the late ossie davis, a minimal talent who owes his success to having been affiliated with the legendary negro ensemble company. this film should be rated "t" for tripe.

there's so little here of the fantastic anne rice book that what is here makes no sense. some of the characters--intense and surprising characters--don't make it to the screen at all, and those who do are watered down to the point that there's no reason for their existence.where's the relationship between christophe and marcel? where's the continued affair between marcel and juliet? why does dolly rose appear at all, since her story's never explained? where's the rape and redemption of marie, whose greatest attribute (and downfall) is that she can pass for white--and her marriage to richard? why does the film end with marcel's beating at the hands of his father? we learn nothing of aglae beyond that she's a bitch who hates her husband; why no backstory explaining this hatred? as for the performances, there's not a one that's better than mediocre, though that's likely due to the lousy script. best of the lot is that of the actor playing richard--but richard's not on screen enough to salvage the film. worst is jasmine guy as dolly rose, though again, it comes down to the actress having nothing to do with what little she's given to work with.all in all, this is just terrible. i thought it'd be impossible for any anne rice book-turned film to be worse than exit to eden, but feast of all saints makes that mess look like a critical hit. how is it that rice is such a slut she'll allow her best works to become such junk on the screen?

the story and the show were good, but it was really depressing and i hate depressing movies. ri'chard is great. he really put on a top notch performance, and the girl who played his sister was really awesome and gorgeous. seriously, i thought she was carmen electra until i saw the imdb profile. i can't say anything bad about peter galleghar. he's one of my favorite actors. i love anne rice. i'm currently reading the vampire chronicles, but i'm glad i saw the movie before reading the book. this is a little too"real" for me. i prefer lestat and louis's witty little tiffs to the struggles of slaves. eartha kitt was so creepy and after her character did what she did the movie was ruined for me; i could barely stand to watch the rest of the show. (sorry for the ambiguity, but i don't want to give anything away) sorry, but it's just not my type of show.

"feast of all saints?" where...? when...?was the feast of all saints storyline and theme edited out? what a waste of a wonderful title! there is never anything in the story that has the remotest connection to the "feast of all saints." nor is there anything in the story about "all souls day" which the term is referencing. why bother to use this title if you never intend to including any kind of storyline or theme about "all souls day" or the "feast of all saints"? embarrassly bad script & amateur writing how did they attract such great talent to this clunker? the writing is so amateur--characters that have known each other all their life go into big long speeches about their life history for the sake of the audience. not at all the way people talk to each other. what was the director thinking?the directing is equally bad! the forced and overly deliberate style feels amateurish. in one scene, a character is yelling "take your hands off of me" and no one is touching him! the most badly directed scene however, is the incredibly over-the-top battle scene at the beginning of the film.excessive gore in a very fake, silly battle scenethere are so many dead people in the most fake battle scene. it looks like a saturday night live skit!! you can see extras waiting for their cues to walk across camera. everyone plays their death scene like 4th grade boys--exaggerating every little gasp and twitch. the blood on battle victims is so excessive and carelessly applied it looks like someone used a ketchup dispenser and just squirted straight lines of red on the costumes.this whole battle scene comes off as the spoof of a really cheesy war movie. you almost expect someone like will ferrell and mike myers to ride up on a horse and deliver the punchline.who in real life would ever behave this way?! the most ridiculous bit of writing, directing and casting is actually the focus of the scene: a little girl is standing under the dead body of her hanging father--who is terribly mutilated, and literally dripping blood form his gaping wounds. even a totally idiot would know he is dead! yet she is--very monotonously--repeating over and over "daddy, daddy..." while looking at someone off-screen. she delivered it with about as much believability and passion as you could expect from an non-actor kid that had been repeating the line for the cameras all day.even if the poor kid had any acting skills, the scene is completely unbelievable. the little girl wouldn't even be in the middle of the battlefield after hours of carnage--surrounded by hundreds of dead bodies, while she calmly stands there!! natural instincts would had the kid screaming and terrified, running away from the bloody carnage! are we suppose to be horrified or laugh...?!one particularly goofy detail, that gives the scene an snl satire tone, is the father hanging, with a huge hook through his mouth and cheek. he looks like a fish on a hook! the unintentionally funny details, make the whole scene come across as fake and silly.in fantasy la-la-land, mothers and daughters are the same age! another funny detail, is that you see a central character--the little girl's mother--at the end of the scene and in the next scene, that occurs 20+ years later, she looks exactly the same! she is still young and beautiful, and now the same age as her daughter! i almost turned the movie off right there because the direction and writing were obviously awful--but i tried to stick it out because i wanted to see the louisiana settings and i like all the actors. i don't know what these fine actors were thinking when they accepted these roles!who was the targeted audience?the excessive amount of blood and badly acted violence in the opening scene are weirdly out of place with the soap opera storytelling tone that follows. it is also a strange way to start a movie that, for the rest of the time, seems targeted to romance novel reading females. weird inconsistency in tone!

this movie seems to start in the middle, introduces peripheral players as if they were significant and presents main characters without any substance and paper-thin and/or impenetrable back-stories. almost nobody has a credible or discernible motivation for their actions in this film. the plot rambles and ultimately goes nowhere, the dialogue is clunky and trite and the director has little concept of how to get the best from his actors. it almost feels like there's a first half of this movie but it never got made.we're told that a mysterious pyramid has appeared over new york city and that central park has inexplicably become an arctic wasteland. yet none of this seems to have caused much of a stir amongst the general population and is only of minimal concern to the government.we're presented with the "evil corporation" in eugenics but that's really just a convenient conceit to populate the universe with a couple power-tripping minions. the whole "eugenics-is-bad" double-entendre is heavy-handed and never really pans out here. we're supposed to care about the central characters but we never learn enough about them to know why. so much about this world is underdeveloped or completely undeveloped that it comes off as a 1-hour, 40-minute fatalistic rationalization for rape.on the "ground-breaking" digitally animated world created here, all i can say is that at about the same time as this film was made several other directors did the same thing with more seamless and believable results.after spending the time to watch this film the most burning question left in my mind was, "so what?"

i love science fiction, i am fascinated by egyptian mythology and i appreciate digital animation. i figured a movie that combines these three would be at least enjoyable. i could not have been more wrong: the story (or actually the lack there of) was completely uninspired and lacks imagination - while imagination usually is the biggest component of any science fiction story. the dialogue and acting are even worse than in an average porno movie. especially thomas kretschmann gives new meaning to the term 'bad performance'. bad acting wouldn't have been such a huge problem if only 'director' bilal didn't take himself so seriously; all the lines sound like they are supposed to be poetic, it looks like bilal really thinks he has made a piece of art here. well, there's no art or poetry to be found in this piece of junk, only pretentiousness! this man should really stick to making comics, since he fails on all possible accounts as a director. worst of all is the terrible digital animation, which is so ugly that it actually turns watching this movie into a physically painful experience. the graphics look so fake they even make the werewolves in 'van helsing' look like live actors! and since half the characters are cgi-animated, it is quite a problem that the cgi-effects look so fake. if the egyptian gods actually exist then bilal's a dead guy, since they will no doubt take gruesome revenge on him for the ridiculous way in which he portrays them in this disastrously bad movie.

i saw this at an arty cinema that was also showing "last days" and some charlie chaplin films. based on the quality of the other features, i decided to give "immortel" a chance. i nearly walked out of this movie, and i like science-fiction! the story is set in a futuristic new york city, filled with blade runner-style sky advertisements and some similar debates about cloning/synthetic humans. unfortunately, the screenplay was not condensed enough for an hour-and-forty-five-minute movie. three groups exist in this world: humans, artificial humans, and egyptian gods. the artificial humans seem to have the upper hand and control the politics of the city. the humans are slaves and are used for eugenics and organ donation. the egyptian gods have a floating pyramid (modeled on the great pyramid of khufu, and complete with a deteriorated exterior, leaving a smooth "cap" on the pyramid. wouldn't a floating futuristic pyramid be in perfect condition?). the pyramid rests above the city and nobody on the ground understands what it is or why it's there. i won't bore you with the so-called plot, but there is lots of unnecessary gore and many gross-out scenes. the film, as i said, looks to have been influenced by blade runner, and perhaps also by the fifth element and the matrix. at the end of the film credits were listed thank-yous to the united kingdom, france, and italy. the film is french, but uses british actors who don't speak french. hence, it is obvious that their french dialog has been dubbed. this is a distraction, and i also thought that switching back and forth between real humans and animations quite distracting. it doesn't help that the animations are poor--no better than a video game. skip this one.

i thoroughly enjoyed bilal's graphic novel when it came out, and was amazed when i saw the trailer for this film, and even more so when i found that bilal had directed it himself. the film, however, was a major letdown. the visuals are nowhere near the rich and gritty texture of the original artworks, and the story is poorly told. bilal seems to have chosen to focus on the more esoteric aspects of the graphic novel, and he doesn't do a very good job at it, either.the most enjoyable part of the original graphic novel was the friendship-hate relationship between nikopol and horus. they were both out of their right time and place, forced together by circumstance. most of all, they were funny and likable. not so here. nikopol has no discernible personality whatsoever, and horus is a pompous twit who just wants to get laid. even though the film is french, horus doesn't have to be!we have all seen films we enjoyed, but wouldn't recommend to everyone, for some reason or other. i wouldn't recommend immortel to anyone, except maybe as a warning not to overreach your talent and resources. bilal's a master storyteller, but obviously not a master of every visual medium.

what a long, drawn-out, pointless movie. i'm sure that historically this film is delightful but as entertainment goes it just doesn't make the grade. ralph fiennes has been in some fantastic movies, the english patient, schindler's list, but this one was such a let-down. it didn't seem to be going anywhere, his character at the beginning was so shallow and uptight it amazes me that his "sister" would ever have been interested at all. don't bother paying to rent this movie, buy yourself a copy of the english patient instead.

in order to hold the public's attention for three hours, we were treated not so much to a family's romp through four generations and 120 years of hungarian history, as to sexual liaisons with a sister, a sister-in-law and other adulteries. oh yes, there was also a totally gratuitous rape. having said all this, the first story of the relationship among the children of the patriarch was fresh and sensual - thanks to jennifer ehle.

sunshine is a european import set in hungary between 1880 and 1980, it's the epic story of hungarian jews, the sonnenschein family. this name literally translates to sunshine. the family has humble beginnings, then is prosperous, becomes upwardly mobile, changes it's name, and hopes to assimilate into hungarian society so successive generations can advance professionally. the story is told through the eyes of the eldest son in each of three generations; ralph fiennes plays these three roles. for those who missed the ww-ii and the holocaust in europe, the sonnenschein' approach to life doesn't work out very well.sunshine is being acclaimed as an artistic success, but it is an opportunity missed. the story line, dominated by world history, is predictable and transparent; this is reinforced with voice cover narration and newsreel footage. the family 'plot' lurches from one predictable event [ie. the hapsburgs, ww-i, ww-ii, fascism, communism, etc.] to the next with little continuity, depth or detail. the jewish assimilation theme is unfocused, and important sub-themes [the 'secret' diary and family philosophy] that could have given the family character and credibility are l ost until the very end. alternatively, the filmmakers provide generation continuity using common themes of incest / infidelity.ralph fiennes exhibits flashes of brilliance but his performance is far from award winning material. the "3 for 1" casting format is a viewer distraction and feels more like a cheap cinema gimmick than good theater. sunshine is basically hungarian "history channel" material. it has the look and feel of winds of war morphed with forrest gump morphed with something about sex.

aaron spelling produced this made for television western that gets awfully plotty for a seventy three minute film. it plays like a probable failed series pilot.handsome clint walker is u.s. marshal dave harmon, who wanders into yuma, arizona territory in time to kill one of the brothers of the local bigwig rancher who is out on a trail drive.walker takes the other brother to jail. walker also meets a "cute" homeless mexican kid who sleeps at the jailhouse. one night, andres is snoozing when a villain and another man dressed in army blue take the remaining brother into the street and kill him, pinning the murder on walker. not good for your first twenty four hours on the job. walker visits the local army fort, and rankles the chains of the commander. the bigwig hears of his brothers' deaths, and rides back to town in time to get his chains rankled as well. the local native population, who get short changed by the army on their beef, also get rankled in the chains area. with all these chains getting rankled, walker still has time to woo the local hotel owner. the army guy involved in the murder ends up dead, the local cattle buyer is implicated, the indians do a lot of hesitant speechifying, and the climax brings about an unlikely showdown as walker must prove to the town that the villainous cattle buyer had a boss, someone we have suspected as being too helpful all along.there is a semi-subplot involving the death of walker's family at the hands of army raiders, and i think this would have been the force behind the series, had it been picked up. instead, the film ends abruptly, and i kept waiting for scenes from next week's exciting episode. because of the fade outs for nonexistent commercial breaks, the pacing is all off on this and its story jumps in fits.walker is handsome, rugged, and has a voice deeper than a well. the rest of the cast is full of television actors you have probably seen in other television movies. much of the action is pretty lame, and the violence is tepid. the first brother killed gets a shotgun blast midtorso, and falls without a scratch on him. i did not expect "reservoir dogs," but this is the wrong film to use to teach children about the evil of guns! speaking of children, the mexican kid here goes from "cute" to "aneurysm inducing annoyance" very quickly.if you dislike westerns, then you will dislike "yuma." if you like westerns, then you will still dislike "yuma." i cannot recommend it.this is unrated, but contains physical violence and gun violence.

this is possibly the worst of all the columbo movies. andrew stevens' acting is poor as the villain, and the plot is weak. in fact none of the cast seem able to act other than peter falk, who puts in a creditable performance as the lieutenant.

first of all, the reason i'm giving this film 2 stars instead of 1 is because at least peter falk gave his usual fantastic performance as lieutenant columbo. he alone can get 10 stars for trying to save this otherwise utterly worthless attempt at making a movie.i was initially all fired up at reading one poster's comment that andrew stevens in this movie gave "the performance of his career." to me, it was the abysmal performance by stevens that absolutely ruined this movie, and so i was all prepared to hurl all sorts of insults at the person who made the aforementioned comment. then i thought to myself, what else has stevens done? so i checked and, you know, that person was absolutely right. in the 17 years since this columbo movie was made, apparently every one of the 33 projects that stevens has been in since then has been utter crap, so it is doubtful that anybody has even seen the rest of his career.if you like columbo, see every other of the 69 titles before watching this one. do yourself a favor and save the worst for last.

a trooper is on the side of the road making sure every1 is obeying the speed limit (doing his job); he then pulls over a woman who appears she is a mother (there is a child in the back seat); he then is telling her what is wrong and bam...they get killed. okay, this is the start of what i personally thought would have been a good movie. when i was watching this movie in the theatre i was with some friends. this was our first night out after the summer so we wanted to go and see a good movie. we all decided to see a suspense/thriller that looked good to everyone in the group...this was one of the biggest mistakes of my life. not only did i waste $7.oo on a movie ticket, but i had to sit through torture for the brain. this movie started off with mystery and suspense and i seriously thought "this cant be bad"...i was so wrong. the whole problem with this movie is that it makes no sense; even if you can get passed the bad acting, the "not so scary" storyline, and the over all horrible mess this movie was, you will still be puzzled. it's not because you're not smart enough to understand it, it's because no human with a brain could comprehend what this stupid movie is about. right now you may be thinking "oh man! i have to watch this movie just to see if it's as bad as this person says it is". get that thought out of your head right now!!! i'm trying to save you the trouble of watching this movie by telling you that it is so bad that there is no point in even considering seeing it. please people don't make the same mistake i did thinking that this movie has potential...it doesn't. i give this movie 1 out of 10 (if i could give a zero i would), and i do not recommend anyone to ever see this movie, you'll be saving yourself many sleepless nights trying to think w.t.f. that freaking movie is about.

first this movie was not that bad.it was entertaining...at least to me for probably all the wrong reasons. i have never seen the original so can't compare the two.this movie reminded me of that weird christopher reeve movie village of the damned. the two movies have different plots, but that creepy disgusted feeling and unwanted comedy exist in both.the wicker man is suppose to be a mystery/thriller/men please don't anger the women movie. i don't know the whole pagan thing and sacrifice was a little off.nicholas cage, his glorious bad self goes to a secluded island called summerisle when he receives a letter in calligraphy from his long lost fiancée who claims her daughter has been taken and hidden by fellow islanders. cage is a police officer and being the weary policeman he is he goes to the semi uncharted island leaving no word of his whereabouts to anyone who is located in the real world. stupid.things get weirder when the large amish-esquire women who populate the island snarl at him and lie about the whereabouts of the missing girl. his fiancée is no help who seems to be elusive and weary the whole time. cage stays on the island when he learns that the missing girl is his daughter and he is the lucky man tricked to come to this island as a sacrificial victim during the islands sick harvest festival.in this movie males do not fare so well. a sick twisted display of feminism? i found the movie laughable at times particularly when cage punches some women and runs around in a bear suit. i think there were too many potholes in this movie. i find the whole concept of angry women secluding themselves on an island without any care for males quite entertaining, but the way it was portrayed in this movie was just weird. while most women have had some jerk hurt and anger them this is clearly a form of sexism. i would have turned the movie off in disgust if the roles were reversed. this movie is something to watch maybe just once or twice. it is not a thriller it should be categorized as just strange.

it's unfortunate that you can't go any lower than one star. prior to watching the wicker man, i had considered aliens 3 to be the only movie that would actually merit negative stars. in all fairness, the wicker man doesn't detract from the enjoyment of an earlier film, but the fact remains that my cumulative movie enjoyment has been reduced by seeing it.there is a cheap trick all too often used in hollywood when the producers are too stingy to hire good writers or in too much of a hurry to allow them to bring a plot to a satisfactory conclusion: slap in a shocker ending and hope that the public will mistake it for something artistic or meaningful. it is a gambit that rarely succeeds and in this case manages only to splatter embarrassment on a fine actor and ridicule upon the producers. even more so in that the "carefully crafted" (or however they put it) conclusion didn't seem to follow logically from the plot (which naturally i can't elaborate on without introducing spoilers), and instead negates what merit the plot had up to that point.it is a film that might logically appeal to psychopaths, pedophiles, and possibly die-hard nicholas cage fans, but only to a few of the mainstream audience. if you really want something along these lines, i heartily recommend m. night shyamalan's the village instead. lacking some kind of memory-erasing pill, i suppose i need to watch something better to force it from my mind, say, attack of the killer tomatoes or pee-wee's big adventure?

i'm a big fan of nicolas cage and i never thought he would work on a movie like this. i couldn't believe the other reviews and i thought it shouldn't be bad to watch it at least once...but trust me, it is.i haven't seen the old movie..but why would they want to remake a movie like this. the very basic idea of a good horror movie is either it should have an extremely intelligent script or it should be extremely graphic. this film doesn't fall under any of those and just remains dumb.i just kept watching the movie hoping it would get interesting at some point , but it never does. so this movie is a big no no for both horror movie fans as well as for the cage fans. you could probably for it show up on television.

waitress: honey, here's them eggs you ordered. honey, like bee, get it? that's called pointless foreshadowing.edward basket: huh? (on the road) basket: here's your doll back, little girl. you really shouldn't be so careless with your belongings.little girl: yeah, whatever.crash! boom! whoosh! crackle… basket: i think that something bad is about to happen.(later) basket: mmmm. vicodin! what the… ? (tears open letter.) wow! my ex-girl's handwriting has really improved. and look, her missing daughter looks kinda like the girl with the doll i accidentally was sort of responsible for getting killed, in a way. and she kind of has my hairline. i wonder, should i torture myself and go find her? let's see what my friends at the precinct think.basket's fellow male cop: hahaha. willow's a funny name.basket: i think that something bad is about to happen.(on the island) basket: what's in the sack? ahhh.tree-named crone: it's not her daughter, though.(in the tavern) basket: can you swing that? big-boned, tree-named tavern wench: huh? basket: (smashes a bee). everything is ok.sensually pretty, formerly promising actress playing a lusty tavern scullery maid: that's good. honey's not a plant, though.(on the greensward) willow: oh, yeah, and i forgot, you are the father my child, conan, er, i mean rowen. (yawns.) i could have stayed and had a life with you. but i didn't. i wanted to be princess of the beehive, instead. i mean, never mind. (nods off, jerks awake, widens eyes to anime proportions). mwah, kiss-kiss. love ya! what were we talking about? basket: who burned it? who burned it? who burned it? who burned it? who burned it? willow: edward. sniff. blink. why. are. you. yelling. at. me? is it because i jacked your vicodin? sniff. snore. what were we talking about? basket: i think something bad is about to happen.willow: my lips hurt.(in the schoolroom) rose: what is man? unappealling twins, in unison: phallic symbol, phallic symbol.rose: echo? echo? basket: step away from the bike.rose: and i'm the good twin.basket: i think something bad is about to happen.(at the beehives) basket: hmmm. hallo? ow, ow, ow, oh bother. silly old bear. snore.(at the queen bee's mansion) sister summersisle: you have so much potential. what are you doing here? weren't you the stud cher slapped in the face in moonstruck? (licks lips.) basket: i was about to ask you the same thing. where's the girl? sister summersisle: how you drone on. let's talk about the significance of my superfluous "s." basket: look out for that semi-truck barreling toward us! aaaaah! oh. never mind. goddammit! (pops another pill.) mmmm. thorazine.(back at the tavern) big-boned, supercilious tavern wench: i've tried weightwatchers, jenny craig, south beech, and i still went up a bear-suit size since last year.tree-named crone: hahaha. all the better to roast that nosy cop in, my dear.big-boned wench: totally.basket: that was the last straw that broke the basket case's back! take that, wench! (slugs her.) (edward basket is mysteriously attacked from behind) voluptuous tavern wench: eeee! snap out of it! leave the island already and take me with you! do i have to tackle you or what? snap out of it, i say! eeee! basket: take that, wench! (courageously kicks her in the face. her eyes roll back in her head and become cartoon xs.) voluptuous wench: snore… (at the nicolas cage roast) ellen burstyn: and who can forget the part where basket's cell phone rings in the middle of his bear suit scene and then the call gets dropped. it's like a wireless ad: help me! can you hear me now? hahaha.kate beahan: and remember when i produced the bullets i jacked from basket's gun? he looked so surprised. you should be more careful with your belongings, nick. hahaha. and your movie choices.all: the drone must die! basket: (screaming) oh, yeah, you bitches? well, roasting me isn't gonna help your goddamn honey! aaah. my legs! honey, (honey, get it?) put down that torch and step away from the basket case. honey! smokey bear says don't play with matches. hahaha. what the…? look out for that hurtling semi-truck! ahh! oh. goddammit, these flashbacks from my drug experimentation phase in the seventies are getting old! where's my heroin? ouch. ouch. my watch isn't fireproof. ouch. i think something bad is about to happen. can you hear me now? i'm ready for my close up. goddammit! (six months later) voluptuous wench in modern-day slutty attire: i told that eponymous basket case to take me with him.innocent young drone: i like to help people.volptuous wench: then get me out of my contract for the sequel! i think something bad is about to happen. eeeee!

sometimes laughter in the middle of a horror film is a signal of its greatness. i remember the nervous laughter from the audience in the re-release of the excorcist… really nervous laughter. it punctuated just how freaked out we all were watching the voice of satan coming out of a 12 year old girl. in the case of the 2006 remake of the 1972 cult classic the wicker man however, it made me think that this new wickerman is about as scary as the south park character, scuzzlebut, the friendly forest monster with tv's patrick duffy for a leg and a celery stalk for an arm who's favorite hobby is weaving wicker baskets.3 years ago a friend of mine in hollywood told me that he heard that nicolas cage was going to do a remake of the film. i started laughing and my friend (keith) got mad at me touting nicolas cage as a great actor. i just didn't think that he could pull it off and unfortunately for moviegoers i was right. gone is the realness, the outstanding original music, the originality, the creepiness and the wonderfully powerful dialogue. instead we have horror movie clichés, affected acting and changes to the storyline that make any believability fall apart. like many of the countless hollywood remakes we have been inundated with lately this feels like we are watching 4th graders on a playground "playing wickerman".the original film takes place on a remote scottish isle where a scottish police officer is lured there to find a missing young girl named rowan morrison. in the new spin a california cop (cage) is lured to an island of the coast of washington state by his ex-girlfriend to find her missing daughter. she sends a photo and the missing daughter looks exactly like a young girl he tried to save in a fiery crash not long ago. the crash still haunts him in part because the girl's body was never found. yet even after he gets a letter with her picture in it that connection is completely cast aside as he heads north, alone, to help his ex-girlfriend find her daughter. he arrives to find an island full of actors pretending to be the descendants of wiccans, many of whom seem like they didn't get call backs for roles in the village. and like the village it isn't long before you realize there is nothing to be afraid of here. not even the cloudy eyed blind sisters who speak in unison.i think that the opportunity in hollywood to make great amounts of money on a film often comes at great expense to the artistry. i think someone like nicolas cage who is in so many films these days loses touch with the magic that film can be when it gets to the point where he has a personal chef on the set preparing his snacks. we needed a bad re-make of the wickerman like we needed yet another '9-11' movie. i'm starting to wonder if nicolas changed his surname from coppola because he wanted to or because he was pleaded with to do so.

if edward woodward was the the flicks watching this film then that's what he would scream out in horror. i'm sorry folks but enough's enough. we had get carter, the italian job, alfie and now this. what's the similarities? no. it's not exactly a coincidence that three of the originals star maurice micklewhite and the other stars another great british actor. the main common ingredient in those originals is the britishness of the films. they weren't made to impress hollywood. they were quirky english films with a unique charm/atmosphere that just cannot be replicated in the usa. the word is cult and what better way to destroy a cult film than to bastardise it with a remake or even a sequel. wicker 06 had a tough task before it even hit the road. wicker 73 is even more enigmatic that other said cult films; it defies genre, intelligent scripts, a-grade actors, the music score, set-pieces that defy description and all the stories surrounding the film.so here comes a remake. don't worry. no originals were harmed in the making of this remake. some major aspects of the story needed to be reworked for the modern usa - communications, paganism, virgins. but that's just about the whole premise. so we give the cop a nam style trauma past complete with shock music flashbacks for the cheap scares. then with no mobile phone mast on the island that sorts the communication out - but in the real world this wouldn't happen. cops just don't go missing. give him a blood link for motivation rather than the clash of beliefs and you have the remake. wafer thin though, isn't it?it's just that it was all laid on with a trowel. the name alterations were simply hammy, almost carry on, there was no sense of community on the island, no centre of town to catch your bearings, just a few houses dotted about a forest and that was it. willow was just annoying by not giving out any info at all and cage was useless to let her get away with it. when he went into the well you just knew he would get locked it. the screenplay was signposted all the way to the end - and you just wanted it to hurry up and end. the epilogue was absolutely hilarious and didn't know when to stop. that ending is probably the best way to summarise the difference between the two. one ends in the most beautiful sunset after the most horrific day. the other ends with a post-production explain-it-all-to-the-thickies type conclusion.i loved the original but went to the cinema with an open mind and was excited to see the film. i left thankful in the knowledge that this film will probably end up beneath a highway somewhere only this time mercifully forgotten forever.

ok, so i am an original wicker man fan and i usually don't like british films remade by americans, so why oh why did i put myself through the most painful cinema experiences ever? i am not a nicolas cage fan and i had some kind of moment of madness perhaps? the film was appalling! the bit at the beginning with the crash/fire had no relevance to the film at all and the female cop knew where edward was going, so the bit at the end with the two girls visiting the mainland, well it wouldn't have happened as the whole thing would have been investigated. the history behind the wicker man wasn't really explored - and i guess being set in america didn't really help the whole pagan theme. this film was slow and contained no atmosphere or suspense. i must say that the best bit was right at the end, when nicolas cage goes up in flames! i am in such desperate need to see the original again now, in order to cleanse my disappointed soul. i really can't stress how disappointing this film is, please don't see it if you:a) don't like american re-makes of british films b) are a fan of the original c) hate nicolas cage

well, finally got to see the remake last night in london, unintentionally hilarious, sexless and devoid of any real humour. i don't really know where to start, whilst i was entertained by this strange homage, it didn't really move me. the acting is screamingly hammy, there is no original music, the costumes are far too 'disney' there is a ridiculous 'six months later' insert after the burning of nic cage (which didn't come soon enough for my liking) the bit with cage in the bear suit had the audience suppressing mirth as did the comedy punching out of various 'baddies' on the island. it's such a weird remake that i cant quite believe i saw it, it reminded me of something that the comic strip presents would have done in the eighties, a bit like their hollywood interpretation of the miner's strike, very strange!

the wicker man has done the impossible! it replaced cat woman as the worst recent movie in my steel trap cinema mind. yes it's really that bad. so bad that when sitting down to write this review i thought to myself "if i had a choice to either see this movie again or to have red hot needles shoved in my eyes" i might actually go for the red hot needles.neil labute created a rare movie where joel schumacher could sit back and say with comfort and a guilt free mind "yeah that's some bad direction right there".i think the first clue for myself should have been the tag line: "some sacrifices must be made". sure it might sound sort of cheeky ominous line to intrigue you but the sacrifice will be all on the audience side of the screen. trust me on this the people responsible for this movie should be charged with a hate crime..or at least fraud for trying to pass this off as anything resembling entertainment. seriously! the movie is about an island where men are just there for breeding and i would still rather with be stuck on gilligans island with only pictures of condoleezza rice then find myself stranded there.the most entertaining part about this movie was the guy who ripped the loudest fart i've ever heard in a movie theater. that's not a joke nor is it fictional. i've never been to a "thriller" and heard so much laughter through out the entire film. i can't tell you with an certainty if the laughs were intentional in some effort to lighten the cinematic tension or if they just really thought this crud would actual fly. i honestly found myself routing for a power outage or a perhaps a fight to break out in the movie theater, anything to make this more interesting which is pretty sad since deez, powder and i pounded 2 beers each before the film just for a little mental anesthesia (soon to be a law before all nic cage films, write to your congressman today, don't delay). at one point i actually thought perhaps this movie is really a spoof and anna ferris is going to show up…oh how i wish.nic cage throws out so much ham per frame i'm thinking of having a cholesterol test done today. to think that i ever thought sean penn was a d*ck for slamming nic's acting, oh he's still a d*ck just lesser of one…yes sean penn's d*ck was lessened because of this film. do us all a favor nic play your strengths and stick to being pathetic losers and drunks. you cannot play superman you do not get to play strong hunky roles go straight to jail do not pass go do not collect 200 dollars. his best moments in this film are when he finally comes unhinged and actually punches out a burly woman to steal her bear suit (like the fart, not a joke or a functional moment during this review) then proceeds to run amok like conan o'brian's masturbating bear, but with half the hilarity of a bear knocking his junk around. thankfully he meets his end shortly after when it turns out he's to be a sacrifice to the crowd at the new tour hybrid show of burning man and lilith fair. yes!!!! i just spoiled the ending for you…and if you knew any better you'd build statues of me in worship and sing songs of my legend. i sat through this crap-fest so you don't have to.about half way through this little misadventure i kept thinking to myself jack bauer would have wrapped this case up in 20 minutes of real time..ok 35 minutes if kim gets attacked by a mountain lion first. even steve martin as inspector clouseau could have figured this out in under an hour…and you sir are no inspector clouseau.if for some reason you are taken captive and you have a choice to see this film or take a bullet, take the bullet.somewhere uwe boll is laughing at us all.

a phenomenal achievement in awfulness. it's actually hilariously awful.first off...nicholas cage must now have made it to the finals in the over-emoting category in his acting class. wearing new hair plugs and with a face that has been lifted so many times his pinned back ears seem to be straining to touch in the back he oozes not only a sick smarmiess but creates a "hero" character that you have no vested interest in.i don't know what it is with neil labute and female characters. he makes females out to be totally deviant and evil...and pays them back by having cage punch several of them directly in the face and call them all "b****es" a few times too. i've enjoyed labute's early films and a few of his plays...but it's a strange fascination he has.i'd give this film a 2 out of 10 solely based on ellen burstyn's performance. by the time she finally makes her appearance (bravely soldiering through her scenes with her wig line clearly visible on her forehead) it seems like all hope may be lost. she deserves an oscar right here and now for saying her lines with a straight face and when she appears wearing a white mumu and blue, white, and gold face paint booming about the wicker man you know that working with scorcese and friedkin really prepped her for this role dang well.this movie is so wrong-headed and cuckoo that is has to be seen to be believed.highlights include: nicholas cage running away from a swarm of bees and then falling down a hill.nicholas cage stealing a bicycle and looking like ms. gulch from the wizard of oz riding around on it.nicholas cage running around the island kicking down doors looking for the missing girl.leelee sobieski plummeting from a once-promising acting career in a "brawl" with cage.ellen burstyn dancing around in a said while mumu.nicholas cage screaming "who burned it? who burned it? who burned it?who burned it?who burned it?who burned it?" for no reason.nicholas cage in a bear costume (i'm not kidding) running through the woods, taking off the costume (but leaving the bear feet on) and then doing some karate moves to some villains.and you haven't lived until you have seen the final 15 minutes of the movie and its dreadful epilogue that looked like it was shot yesterday in your cousin's basement.needless to say, if you can make it through this film without laughing out loud then you deserve a medal. there was actually a point in the movie where i stopped snickering to wonder if maybe this wasn't an elaborate send-up of "hysteria" films...only to be reminded when cage would scream/shout/whisper his dialogue that he really was taking himself quite seriously.i think this one is destined to be a cult film all over again...just because it's so dreadful.

i have never seen the 1973, older highly rated version. i am a nicholas cage fan (by the way, fine acting as usual). this movie probably took all of five minutes to hammer out the whole plot (i can see it being done on a cocktail napkin at a dinner party), if you can't figure out the ending of this drool in the first thirty minutes you will probably find this movie entertaining. this is, of late, the terrible rut that hollywood seems to have dug for itself with the horror/mystery/thriller genre, unable to give the audience enough credit and write a fresh, smart, and tantalizing screenplay, they dish out some creepy music and throw in a couple of things to make you jump a little and then send the final print off to your local theater. at least, it didn't have the jiggling hand-held camera syndrome.

i haven't seen the original, but just wanted to drop a quick note to anyone who happens to scroll down this far: wicker man is the worst movie i've seen this year. maybe even in two years. i wish i could ask the theater for my money back or turn back time to warn myself not to see it.i'll give it two positive nods: the sarcasm of cage's character at least got some laughs from me and the scenery of the island was beautiful. sorry, that's it. here come the jeers. the movie's plot is only propelled forward because other characters won't give cage any straight answers--and he puts up with this!!! how this could go on for over an hour of my time(much less days in the movie) is beyond me. not to mention that the plot is full of holes. you leave the theater with enough unanswered questions to fill a library. how anyone could read this script and think, "yes, people should pay $11 to see this shady outline of what a film should look like" is beyond me.do not go see this flick. or even rent it on dvd.

unfortunately, this movie does no credit whatsoever to the original. nicholas cage, fairly wooden as far as actors go, imbues the screen with a range of skill from, non-plussed to over the top. the supporting cast is no better.the plot stays much the same as the original in terms of scene progression but is far worse. not enough detail is given to allow the audience to by into what is being sold. it turns out it's just a bill of poor goods. disbelief cannot be suspended, nor can a befit of a doubt be given. the only saving aspect of this film is that it is highly visual, as the medium requires, and whomever scouted the location should be commended.there was much laughter in the audience and multiple boos, literally, at the end.disappointed! wait for the original to come on television, pour a whiskey and enjoy.

the wicker man. i am so angry that i cannot write a proper comment about this movie.the plot was ridiculous, thinly tied together, and altogether-just lame. nicolas cage...shame on you! i assumed that since you were in it, that it would be at least decent. it was not.i felt like huge parts of the movie had been left on the cutting room floor, and even if it's complete-the movie was just outlandish and silly.at the end you're left mouth agape, mind befuddled and good taste offended. i have never heard so many people leave a theater on opening day with so much hatred. people were complaining about it in small groups in the mall, four floors down from the theater near the entrance. it's that bad.i heard it compared to : glitter, american werewolf in paris and gigli. my boyfriend was so mad he wouldn't even talk about it.grrrr!

this movie is the biggest waste of nine dollars that i've spent in a very, very long time. if you knew how often i went to the movies you'd probably say, that's hard to imagine, but never-the-less, it's true! after seeing the trailer for this movie, i knew that i had to see it! if you're a fan of horror, mystery, and suspense, why wouldn't you? the trailer is nothing less than intriguing and exciting; unfortunately, the movie is none of these.from the cinematography, to the script, to the acting, this movie is a complete flop. if you're reading this, planning to go to the movie expecting some thrills, mystery, action, horror, or anything other than a waste of an hour and forty-five minutes i'm afraid you are in for disappointment."why is it so bad," you might be asking yourself. let me tell you. the movie was neither mysterious nor suspenseful. nothing about the movie made me the least bit "on edge," frightened, or curious. the script was at best laughable. there were numerous times throughout the film where the dialogue was just so ridiculous i began to write it off as comic relief only to find out a few seconds later that it wasn't. the acting was absolutely dreadful. i like nicholas cage but this was a miss. without exception, every performance in this movie was incredibly below average. the cinematography was awful with not one moment of suspense or mystique. finally, the story is completely transparent. you can see the end of this movie coming a mile away.i am not usually a very harsh critic. frankly, when i go to see a comedy i want to laugh and when i go to see a mystery/suspense/horror, i just want to be surprised. this movie was boring, poorly acted, poorly written, and an overwhelming disappointment. do yourself a favor and go see something else.

prior to this release, neil labute had this to say about the 1973 original: "it's surprising how many people say it's their favorite soundtrack. i'm like, come on! you may not like the new one, but if that's your favorite soundtrack, i don't know if i *want* you to like my film." neil, a word. you might want to sit down for this too; as lord summerisle says, shocks are so much better absorbed with the knees bent. see, neil, the thing about the original, is that paul giovanni's soundtrack is one of the most celebrated things about it. the filmmakers themselves consider it a virtual musical. along with richard and danny thompson, and bert jansch, it practically kick-started the 1970s folk new wave. to undermine it is akin to imagining jaws without john williams. or the buddy holly story without buddy holly. the result's one of the most breathtakingly arrogant, pointless remake of a british cult classic since sly stallone's get carter.the original had apparently left nicolas cage "disturbed for about two weeks." so disturbed, during that fortnight's window, that he pitched the idea of re-imagining one of the most nuanced films about inter-faith struggle ever devised to a writer-director previously known for his wholly unsubtle depictions of male chauvinism. it's like some parlor game: what would you get if sam peckinpah took on bambi? or gaspar "irreversible" noe remade love, actually?(actually, i'd quite like to see that). unfortunately, someone took this parlor game seriously: all labute's succeeded in doing is ripping out the original's guts while saddling it with his own gormless sex war preoccupations.after failing to rescue a little girl and her mum from a fatal car crash, cage's highway patrolman spirals into a medicated torpor. then he receives a letter from ex-fiancée willow woodward (this one trades on name-homages for kudos), now living on the private island community of summersisle – that extra 's' stands for 'superfluous' – and wants edward to help locate missing daughter rowan.summersisle, it transpires, is a female-dominated joint, conceived as a haven for oppressed womenfolk and refugees from the salem witch trials. here, the matriarchs observe the olde ways, and the few males are near-mute breed-mules. it's like lilith fair on a grand scale. summersisle's main export is honey – a symbolic and literal headache for edward, as he's allergic to bees. "beekeepers!" cries edward. "they seem to be everywhere on this island!" well, that's probably because summersisle's main export is honey.while making his investigations, edward overhears of an oncoming mayday ritual called "the time of death and rebirth". he discovers the previous year's crop failed; nearly dies from bee stings; and eventually comes to the conclusion (a conclusion which admittedly couldn't be more obvious if the locals had tattooed a timetable of events on the back of his hands) that rowan will be burnt alive in a pagan rite to ensure a bountiful harvest. he also meets the queen bee of the hive, sister summersisle (burstyn), who has her own plans for him involving the eponymous wicker man: "the drone must die." first, the good news: any concerns cage would be airlifted from the wicker man's flaming jaws at the last minute by a fleet of black cia helicopters can be laid to rest: he toast. that's about it for the good news. "this is a story whose chapters were carefully written" intones burstyn with sublime irony. though retaining the basic cat-and-mouse premise (and credits typography), what's left subjects the original to a scorched-earth policy.crucial to shaffer's original screenplay was that his christian copper, in accordance with ritual, came to the island of his own free will – and most importantly, was a virgin; the perfect sacrifice. in reducing matters to a sexual, as opposed to a religious power-struggle, labute presents the flimsiest of qualifiers for a harvest sacrifice. by the time cage has worked out he was the bait, you honestly couldn't care less.and cage is one of the very worst things in this; a lumbering, drawling donkey – an arsewit whose tongue seems just slightly too big for his mouth. "goddamit" he moans after he hallucinates a drowned rowan, with all the mental torment of a man who's set his morning alarm clock half-an-hour too early. one hopes it's his character's frequent reliance on pills that has reduced him to this state – alternately fatigued, then full of preppy, overbearing vim. if so, it's a fine portrayal of an undistinguished iq addled with anti-depressants. if not…it doesn't bear thinking about. as willow, the saucer-eyed beahan is similarly dreadful, presenting her lines as if in competition with cage for the…most…half-hearted…delivery. while burstyn entirely lacks the mercurial menace to convince. who's afraid of naomi wolf? every element that made the original great – the lovingly detailed depictions of folk customs, the ingenious score, the dialogue (lord summerisle's majestic "you did it beautifully!" has been replaced with the rather less attractive "you did it excellently!" whoah, dude!) – have been substituted for a meandering battle-of-the-sexes thriller with occasional crash-bang wallop. namely, walloping women; this is a labute flick, after all. cage's sister beech bashing is just one of the more embarrassing episodes; impotent little men will be hooting with glee at how them uppity hippie chicks finally got what was comin' to 'em, hyuk hyuk.the closing coda sees the whole rotten mess collapsing under the weight of genre cliché: in a bar, two guys run into a couple of summersisle maidens on shore leave, flirty-fishing for fresh martyrs. at the moment of their successful pick-up, you half expect the women to turn round and give an exaggerated wink and a thumbs up to the camera.one more thing: keen credit watchers may have noticed that films sporting an unusually high producer count (anything up to 10) tend to be not much cop. the wicker man has 18 producers in total.

just recently, i've been obsessing over and anticipating this movie so much that i almost had to see it. well, having just seen it today, the 5.8 rating is completely understandable. i think that if you anticipate something so much that it becomes a dire need, it turns out not to be worth it. sure, the hills have eyes 2 has its moments. it has a very cool and well-developed storyline that ties in well with the actual product itself, but the whole thing is so self-indulged that it becomes so hard to follow. and if it weren't for wes craven's production on this film, it wouldn't be anything to do with the original remake. but the whole thing makes you go "is this supposed to be horror or comedy?" because there are lots of ridiculous, randomly placed jump moments and stupid one liners (i.e. "there's a hand in the sh**er!" or "you motherfu**er! i'll kill you all damn sons of b**tches!") and the acting (god don't even remind me how bad it was.storyline: (this part contains spoilers, beware!) the movie begins with a woman giving birth to a mutant baby (ooh la la!), and then the screen fades to black with the movie's title appearing, and a monologue. then we go to this office where there are randomly placed war veteran mannequins. we find that this is for this one scientist keeping track of people looking for mutants. the box to keep track of audio feeds is gone, and everyone dies! after that tone-setting opening, you'd expect more.then, we go to this one team of military recruits training in baghdad. as the captain parades them "a good job at stupidity", their last day of training is in new mexico, the desert where the family in the last thhe had stayed because they were stuck. while in training, things go ultimately wrong, people die, and... do i need to tell you any more? because right now i have the attention span of a goldfish just forcing myself to sit here and type this.the thing that's wrong with thhe2 is that it just dosen't work. no flashbacks here, and the ending is pretty safe... but with a twist! a stupid one, that is. i'm pretty sure the ultra super director's cut with a holographic cover and a ticket to the hills have eyes 3 will showcase all of it's alternate endings, but at this point, i'm not sure if i care. so by all means, if you loved the first thhe so much it's almost a sin not to see this, then by all means, see it. but if else, then, avoid at all costs. it's for your own good.3/10

this movie was just plain dumb i do not think it was scary at all i went in hoping to be shocked and scared but was mostly laughing some of the scenes were just to fake and thrown together blood scenes were extremely over cg and some of the mutants were ridiculously gay looking it also sucked because the acting was just plain horrible u think they could get some good actors and most of the characters i hated just because how stupid and lame they acted even though they were supposed to be in the military i get to watch movies for free and seen many people walking out im guessing because it was so dumb kinda glad i didn't have to pay for it in short dumb ass movie don't see it...but then again thats my opinion

the film picks up after last years remake with the military setting up electronic surveillance equipment in the desert where the attacks in the first film happened. the crew is killed not long before a group of soldiers on a training exercise show up to find no one around. you can fill in the rest.this is a paycheck picture all around. there seems to be no passion in anyone's performances, nor in anyone behind the camera. this is a movie that was made for the money and nothing else. on some level this should have worked, it could have been a more horrific southern comfort (where national guardsmen run afoul of some people in the swamps), but instead its not much of anything. in large part you can blame the script, written unbelievably in part by wes craven, which hits the same old targets again and again. add to the mess the fact that the direction is dull and the set up of sequences is so lack luster as to remove any inherent tension in any scene.its not bad as such, but badly made and dull. let me put my feelings into context: the reason i saw this film was because a local multiplex screwed up and ran this film instead of the kids flick the last mimzy and i wanted to see what caused the out cry(i mean the films have so much in common-he says sarcastically). i'm convinced that this film will only scare those who like the last mimzy.

alexandre aja's remake of the hills have eyes was one of the bright spots of 2006. not only was it a remake of a classic horror film, but it was pretty damned good too. so, nearly a year later, we are being treated to the sequel to that remake. while original scripter wes craven is back as producer and co scripted, this film just fails to rise to the level set by the original and the remake. a group of military trainees stop by in the desert to check in on some scientists and find themselves run afoul of the mutant family from the first film (at least those that remain plus some new ones). there's plenty of gore to be had here. what annoys me about this film is the utter lack of characterization. the viewer does not give a damn about what happens to any of these people because we haven't gotten into them. even the mutants had some characterization last time out and this time, nothing. gore for the sake of gore is pointless. there has to be a reason for this to happen for it to be interesting. nothing that happens here is interesting. and what is it lately with rape scenes in films? here we get yet another one for no real reason. hopefully this is one set of hills that won't be visited again.

as has been stated countless times, "the hills have eyes 2" is not a remake of the (generally disregarded) mid-'80s sequel to wes craven's 1977 original. but wishing to give this postmodern sequel-to-a-remake the official stamp of diminishing returns, craven himself (a double threat alongside his son, jonathan) has decided to pen a film that is of the same quality--in plain english, horrible. former music-video director martin weisz takes the reins from alexandre aja, and is clearly in way over his head--yet one wonders how anyone could have created a watchable film from the cravens' screen writing 101 scrawl. not only are the characters (in this case, a gang of goofball national guards(wo)men sent to investigate the turbulent hills of the original remake) completely obnoxious and prone to really annoying genre pitfalls (played without a lick of irony, mind you), but they are constantly cracking jokes that aren't funny. after viewing their total ineptitude during a training exercise, their fate against the repulsive, roaming cannibals is painfully obvious. only this time out--as in the original '80s sequel--the script is so simplistic (barely existent, actually) that any potential subtext is jettisoned in favor of upping the ante in repulsive shocks (we're treated to a combo childbirth-murder during the opening credits, plus a gratuitous rape for those who haven't ejected the dvd by the midpoint!). even the mutants in this outing are personality-free freaks of no memorable stature--the tacky, rubbery-looking makeup fx seems, like the rest of the film, to be trying to hide its face from embarrassment. i really groaned at the lame 'surprise' at the end of aja's otherwise excellent film, and the producers quite literally go for broke at the end of "hills 2," setting the stage--very lamely setting the stage--for a third installment...yet the cravens and weisz have created a film that is such a cynical bastardization of what made the 1977/2006 versions work that they'd be hard-pressed to find an audience after this insulting slap in the face.

i'm no horror movie buff, but my wife's nieces and nephews are. so, i saw the first movie. it was gruesome, and tense, but not my taste. still good though. for similar reasons, at this very moment, i am being exposed to a sequel.the premise itself is beyond absurd. i can buy that disasters occur in the desert. i can buy that mutants exists. i can even buy that the events might be so weird and strange that the military may decide to get involved. it is unlikely, yes, but i'm willing to suspend my belief.however, under no circumstances am i willing to believe that the military squad assigned to recon such an area would be unable to fend off the mutants. being a member of the united states army, i can assure that while fresh recruits may lack the seasoned eyes and experience of combat soldiers, any such recruits would be integrated into a capable squad.a squad of armed soldiers is not about to be taken out by a few mutants with knives. that's just the way it works. squad movements, vastly superior firepower, and of course, radio support, would ensure nothing less than total victory. i'm not saying you wouldn't have casualties, but as soon as the area was verified as hostile, military training would take precedence, no-one would go off on their own even to use the bathroom.and if it were discovered that the area was so infested with hostiles that the squad was unable to handle the danger, they would radio in for backup. and believe me, their radios would not be jammed, if there was a chance that normal radios would not do, the squad would have a military issue satellite phone. chances are, if they were unable to check in every hour, a search would be called.in order to accept this movie, you must accept that our soldiers are incompetent fools, with incompetent leaders, and an incompetent chain of command. while it may still be true that the most dangerous thing in the world is a lieutenant with a map and compass, our military forces are filled with intelligent, well-trained, competent soldiers. mutants with knives are far below our ability to deal with.with the whole execution of the movie depending solidly on the impossible to imagine, the film fails to deliver. instead, we are expected to believe that our soldiers, sailors, and airmen are incapable of dealing with even the most mediocre threats.as a combat veteran, i find the movie insulting.

no plot, crappy acting, and pointless gore....this is supposed to be a horror movie? there's no fear, or suspense, just boom bang gore, then done. some kinda marines are in the desert for some weird, crappy reason and they get hunted down by those mutated beasts from the first movie, which was good, and should have been left it at that.this is just another excuse for money, and use of pointless violence, just like the "saw" sequels. they know no matter how pointless the plot is, and the more gore they can add, people will see it. i miss good suspenseful horror movies. come on hollywood, you can do much, much better.

wow this is the worst movie ever. the only reason i signed up for imdb was so i could complain about this movie. i have never walked out of a theater or stoped a dvd but i almost stopped this one (and i should have). but i watched it all the way to the end just to get let down again with an absolutely terrible ending. wow if this is all that wes craven can produce his time is long up. i've never seen the first one and will never after watching this. its terrible acting with a terrible plot. hey looks someone is shinning a mirror at us lets go check it out. and the sad part is that when this movie came to dvd it was completely checked out at blockbuster forever. so i feel bad for all the people that saw this junk.

i didn't expect much when i saw this at the palm springs film fest this weekend. it was an alternate choice when two other films were sold out. still, i held out hope. it sounded a bit much like "bride and prejudice" (l.a. guy falls for an indian beauty, parental conflict, blah blah blah). b&p was not perfect but it was an enjoyable film with some good laughs and likable characters."my bollywood bride" had none of that. the acting seemed stilted and way to by-the-numbers. characters were so cliché the story seemed like it could have been written by high school freshman drama student. technically, the sound really bothered me. it seemed as if there was a lot of over-dubbing of dialogue. i mean a lot. i know sometimes it's necessary but it sounded like half the film was shot in a closet and it became very distracting.two stars is being somewhat generous.

unbelievable!this film gets a 7 out 0f 10. this has to be one of the worst films i have seen in years. not only was the acting incredibly bad, the storyline (if you can call it that) was just as bad. offcourse everyone knows what's going to happen within the first 5 minutes. which is not a bad thing if you can captivate the audience during leading up to that moment. that however, is not the case. there is no action, no suspense, not even a spark between the 2 leading actors. it was unfortunately a waste of my time, and certainly a waste of my money. and the 2 of merely for trying

i saw most of "my bollywood bride" today at the iaac film festival in new york and had to leave the theater due to feelings of nausea welling up within me. i've seen bollywood movies, and i've seen satires of bollywood movies. this movie couldn't decide which one it wanted to be, so it ended up being a joke on itself.it seems to have been liberally copied from movies like bride and prejudice and bollywood calling, and what a sloppy, lazy job at that. how can bollywood ever be weaned off of its determination to stick to overused, well-trodden scripts? is there no one who can bring to the screen the millions of real, fascinating stories that surely exist and transpire in the land of a billion people? the over-smart auto driver, the cow on the street, gratuitous scenes of foreign locations, pointless scenes of mumbai streets, they're all in there. every possible cliché about india has been faithfully included. so sickeningly predictable. ugh!!! acting performances are weak across the board except for neha dubey, who is talented and beautiful. one wonders why she would pick a project like this.

it wasn't notable enough to be truly horrible, it was just incredibly lame. the story was not half bad, but the execution was just horrendous.to start with, it moved too fast for us to emotionally get involved with what was going on. it was just paced badly. the dialog was so utterly un-sparkling, just flat and boring.and the characters, cripes almightly, they made deadpool boring. how the hell do you make deadpool boring? he wasn't even funny. he wasn't crazy. he was just an annoying guy with a couple of swords he did not even know how to use properly.gambit was boring. and since when did he have telekenisis to make the cards just float and fly around, or super strength to leap hundreds of feet into the air? and what the heck was up with all the stupid helicopter moves? i mean, we know they are mutants, but they still exist within the realm of physics. a round bo staff is not a helicopter blade, you cannot fly by twirling super-duper fast. which gambit wouldn't be able to do anyway. nor deadpool, especially when using it as a replacement for real fight choreography.and this film stands as proof that wire work should only be used by fight coordinators who know wth they are doing, and know better than to use it in every. single. shot. as a replacement for real fight choreography.three of the most physical fighters in marvel comics (logan, creed, and wilson), and some of the worst fight choreography i have ever seen in recent film memory. it was as if the stunt coordinator just shrugged his shoulders and left it all up to the special effects guys.and then you had the break out, with all these mutants who did nothing. even mutants who had been shown in their cells to have powers (nice to see a quicksilver nod), did f-all when they got out. only emma-really-lame-for-this-film-frost and cyclops did something.and since when was logan so pretty? and the stupid, "the bullet will take his memory away." don't you think xavier and the x-men would have noticed the big freaking bullet holes in his adamantium skull when they x-rayed him in x1? i felt sorry for liev schrieber man, he actually brought in a good sabretooth considering the script. he made one of marvel's more simple super villains feel real. but he could not save the film from it's own epic lameness.seriously, this was "daredevil" level of suck. decent story, good actors, absolutely horrible execution.

most would agree that the character of wolverine is one of the most intriguing characters in comic book history. i'm no marvel expert, but i did grow up with the adventures of the x-men and definitely approved of hugh jackman's now widely known portrayal of the scruffy logan. i enjoyed the first x-men, found the sequel too heavy and messy and liked the third one as comic book entertainment. all through the three movies, i probably enjoyed jackman more than anything else. i figured the idea of making an "origins"-movie about wolverine could very well end up being a better movie than all of the three x-men movies. if we concentrate on one character, i figured there could be a movie that achieves what i found the second movie failed at - being a fairly complex and character driven comic book adventure.the reason that the wolverine-movie fails is not because the competition is tougher after the dark knight. it's not even because of a plot development that is beyond obvious and rudimentary - even though that certainly isn't good - no, it's because the movie doesn't even seem to try. to begin with, this does not qualify as good entertainment. there is something about the action in this movie that comes off as so very, very automatic. with no greater special effects or elements of suspense, and when one event will make you predict the following five, it almost feels like an uwe boll movie, imitating an action/adventure movie concept that you've seen a dozen times before. of course, nothing in this movie is as downright awful as a piece of bolls**t but when everybody's talking clichés as if they are part of a chain of events that is so standard, you at least make the connection and that surely is bad enough.but there is an even bigger problem. even a generic action movie is a generic action movie and, by the way, that makes you forgive a lot of plot holes and character stupidities. i think you find the most fundamental flaw in the very title. i mean, "origins". really? what to the people behind this movie think about that title? what do they mean?? you want to know the origins of wolverine? he grew up with his brother. they ran away from home during dramatic circumstances. then they went off to war. all of them! the civil war, world war i and ii and vietnam too. why did they do this? still unknown. eventually, the brother (sabertooth, played by liev shrieber) became evil. "how?" you ask. i don't know, it was somewhere between omaha beach and hanoi. "yeah, but why?" you still ask. i just said i don't know!! the movie doesn't explain. he's evil alright! "yeah, but... you know, 'origins'"... yeah, well that's an origin! i mean, duh! anyway, eventually they end up with a super secret team of mutant elite soldiers. something with the government, ho-hum. wolvie gets enough and leave his brother. for six years he's a happy lumberjack with a loved one, who ends up a little defenseless around the time sabretooth suddenly appears again. "yeaaah... but... whyyyy?" - oh shut up! - and wolvie decides to be a guinneapig for a bunch of evil scientist who make him a flesh-covered metal war animal. he goes after all the bad guys and they come after him and after all the fighting he ends up with his memory wiped, cue x-men the first movie.there. that's the origin. you can also find it on the back of the dvd cover. the actual movie won't tell you anything else. with no worthwhile scenes of action, no good heroes, villains or characters in general (lines from my couch audience: fat suit! token black guy! oh, i give you 200 in cash if that girl survives this movie.., that is supposed to be gambit...? mmhm, yeah well... uh-huh, right), not one line of memorable dialog and zero lines to cover a t-shirt with, added to that the common stupid things that ruin the plausibility in general that you might usually forgive...... well, that sounds pretty much like a waste of time, right? fans will check this out, or have already. there's no stopping that. but if you liked the x-men movies for no other reason than that they were well-made and entertaining - see them again and do yourself no favors by trying to look for origins where there are none.

soulless milking of cash cow franchise. generic superhero flick. cgi showcase. gavin hood's "a series of improbable events." combinatoric iteration of mutant fight scenes strung together by inane exposition justifying formation/dissolution of arbitrary alliances. i'm not expecting shakespeare here but the cliché per minute meter was off the charts: primal scream while looking skyward and kneeling over murdered girlfriend. renegade military commander. predictable double crosses. revenge sought for slain lover. erased memories. evil character discovering morality at last minute. misguided failures to execute nemeses after defeating them in melee. lover not really dead. lover actually acting as spy for hero's arch-nemesis. girlfriend/spy actually falls for protagonist. good people work for antagonist in order to save kidnapped family members. evil mastermind fails to honor promises to reluctant employees. kindly old couple care for weary hero and get murdered for their troubles. certain deaths averted as third parties arrive on scene before coup de grace. hero reluctantly joining secret government agency. abandonment of elite squad in protest over slaughter of innocents. scientists unable to control indestructible killing machine of their own creation. outdated but lovable government 'secret weapon' kills off better designed but heartless successor. hero strolls away from wreck and casually lights a trail of gasoline behind him. after everyone has given up, flatlined heart monitor picks up a pulse. evil mastermind explains plans to hero he no longer sees as a threat. hero refuses to kill defeated foe because he's "better than that". transparent comic relief character makes hilarious understatements and offbeat comments. cheerful psychopath revels in random murderous rampages. nigh indestructible goliaths hurl one another through a series of walls and other physical traumas that would kill a mere mortal. man dispatches dozens of gun wielding enemies with nothing but skillful swordplay. common sense and the laws of physics, biology and chemistry temporarily abandoned. antagonist using loved one's murder as justification for misguided crusade.i could go on but this is just exhausting. if you're over the age of twelve and not living in mom's basement, there's probably nothing here for you. depressingly enough, it's not too far off of par for superhero movies so discount all i've written if you can't get enough of the genre.

this film was slated to be a blockbuster film, and it really is. this is the type of movie that is made to eat popcorn to and watch the flashy graphics. with that in mind, the movie delivers, perhaps not as well as the ultra flashy iron man, but well enough. outside of the popcorn munching action and special effects, the film drops off of the cliff faster than wile e. coyote.many viewers, myself included, will complain about how most of the characters were severely altered, but that only makes the film a poor adaptation, not a poor film. this film is unsatisfactory for other reasons. the makers focused more on making it appealing to the eye than they did to the mind. the characters that have been long awaited and promoted are reduced to 4-scene cameos. the main characters of wolverine, victor creed (never called sabertooth in the film) and colonel stryker are well developed. i was pleasantly surprised by liev schriber's performance. the rest of the characters are tossed to the wayside to make way for the all important eye-candy. wolverine's character is fully developed after 30-minutes, as is sabertooth, though victor does pull off some surprises late in the film.the "final boss" of the film is a twisted and perverse adaptation of the original character and barely gets any development to show just why he is the way he is. the filmmakers obviously felt that all they really needed to do was create a bad ass character who could do anything they wanted and slapped on the name of a popular character.very disappointing...

all of the x-men movies were great. and i mean all of them, including the long hated x-men 3. they had solid characters (magneto and xavier were the best ones, in my opinion), and a good story arch.i was all excited when i heard this movie was on production, and my expectations grew bigger and bigger until i saw the movie. i was so disappointed.hugh jackman is not a bad actor (his best movie is the fountain, although you won't hear about this movie when they talk about the actor), and his acting is not what screws the movie up.the whole film is plagued with lots of meaningless characters that add nothing to the plot (like blob or gambit), which were tossed there to make fans believe that the film makers had read the original comics.i am a fan of xmen, i have read many, many of their stories and this movie respected none of them. none. not even the continuity. it doesn't respect weapon x project, or the relationship between wolverine and sabretooth, or emma frost, the motivations for wolverine are plain stupid and seen in millions of movies: revenge for the death of a loved one.oh. what i was expecting the whole darn movie was a berseker moment for wolverine similar to the one he has in x2 in the school when stryker men come in and he alone decimates the enemy forces, but hey, this is fox, this a family flick and you will not see explicit violence from the most violent and gruesome marvel hero.besides, i had a feeling of constant dejá vù with this movie because wolverine's origins are already explained in x2, we already know how he got his adamantium skeleton so it kind of does not make sense to make a movie of something we already know.i personally believe that wolverine is one of those few characters that does not need a solid back-story because mystery is the nature of the character. do we really want to know how the joker got his scars?

as a kid i did think the weapon the murderer wielded was cool, however i was a kid and so i was a bit dumb. even as a dumb kid though the movies plot was stupid and a bit boring when the killer was not using his light knife to kill people. what amazes me is that the movie has a really solid cast in it. what script did they read when agreeing to be in this movie as it is most assuredly boring and only a means to show off a light saber on a very small scale. the plot at times is incomprehensible and the end is totally chaotic. the whole film seems to rotate around aliens and the one weapon. the plot has two kids and some dude having an alien encounter, flash years later and there seems to be a return as it were in the mix. dead animals and such to be explored and for some reason the one dude gets the weapon of the aliens and proceeds to use it to go on a very light killing spree. seriously, you just have to wonder why this movie was made, if you are going to have a killer have some good death scenes, if you are going to have alien encounters show more than a weird light vortex thing, and if you are going to have light sabers then call yourself star wars.

warning: this review contains spoilers. do not read if you don't want some points revealed to you before you watch the film.with a cast like this, you wonder whether or not the actors and actresses knew exactly what they were getting into. did they see the script and say, `hey, close encounters of the third kind was such a hit that this one can't fail.' unfortunately, it does. did they even think to check on the director's credentials? i mean, would you do a movie with the director of a movie called `satan's cheerleaders?' greydon clark, who would later go on to direct the infamous `final justice,' made this. it makes you wonder how the people of mystery science theater 3000 could hammer `final justice' and completely miss out on `the return.'the film is set in a small town in new mexico. a little boy and girl are in the street unsupervised one night when a powerful flashlight beam.er.a spaceship appears and hovers over them. in probably the worst special effect sequence of the film, the ship spews some kind of red ink on them. it looked like clark had held a beaker of water in from of the camera lens and dipped his leaky pen in it, so right away you are treated with cheese. anyhow, the ship leaves and the adults don't believe the children. elsewhere, we see vincent schiavelli, whom i find to be a terrific actor (watch his scenes in `ghost' for proof, as they are outstanding), who is playing a prospector, or as i called him, the miner 1949er. he steps out of the cave he is in, and he and his dog are inked by the ship. twenty-five years go by, and the girl has grown up to be cybill shepherd, who works with her father, raymond burr, in studying unusual weather phenomena. or something like that. shepherd spots some strange phenomena in satellite pictures over that little new mexico town, and she travels there to research it. once she gets there, the local ranchers harass her, and blame her for the recent slew of cattle mutilations that have been going on, and deputy jan-michael vincent comes to her rescue. from this point on, the film really drags as the two quickly fall for each other, especially after vincent wards off the locals and informs shepherd that he was the little boy that saw the ship with her twenty-five years earlier. while this boring mess is happening, vincent schiavelli, with his killer dog at his side, is walking around killing the cattle and any people he runs into with an unusual item. you know those glowing plastic sticks stores sell for trick-or-treaters at halloween, the kind that you shake to make them glow? schiavelli uses what looks like one of those glow sticks to burn incisions in people. it's the second-worst effect in the movie. every time schiavelli is on screen with the glow stick, the scene's atmosphere suddenly turns dark, like the filmmakers thought the glow stick needed that enhancement. it ends up making the movie look even cheaper than it is.and what does all this lead up to? it's hard to tell when the final, confusing scene arrives. see, burr and his team of scientists try to explain the satellite images that shepherd found as some kind of `calling card,' but none of it makes sense. why do shepherd and vincent age and schiavelli does not? schiavelli explains why he is killing cattle and people and why he wants shepherd dead, but even that doesn't make much sense when you really think about it. i mean, why doesn't he kill jan-michael vincent? after all, he had twenty-five years to do it. and the aliens won't need him if shepherd is dead anyhow, so why try to kill her? speaking of the aliens, it is never clear what they really wanted out of shepherd and vincent. what is their goal? why do they wait so long to intervene? how could they be so sure shepherd would come back? not that the answer to any of these and other questions would have made `the return' any more pleasant. you would still have bad lines, really bad acting, particularly by shepherd, cheesy effects, and poor direction. luckily, the stars escaped from this movie. cybill shepherd soon went on to star in `moonlighting' with bruce willis. jan-michael vincent went on to be featured in dozens of b-movies, often in over-the-top parts. raymond burr made a pile of perry mason television movies right up until his death. vincent schiavelli went on to be a great character actor in a huge number of films. martin landau, who played a kooky law enforcement officer, quickly made the terrific `alone in the dark' and the awful `the being' before rolling into the films he has been famous for recently. you can bet none of these stars ever want their careers to return to `the return.' zantara's score: 2 out of 10.

as a southern baptist, it pains me that i must give a below average rating to an overtly christian movie. there certainly aren't so many that i want to discourage film-makers from a genre that's woefully under-exploited. still, i must honestly say that "love's abiding joy" is a typically low budget, low key, self-consciously christian film. the plot is predictable, the acting mediocre (i'm being kind), and the editing atrocious. as a tv movie it might have been slightly above average, but as a feature film it leaves much to be desired. keep trying guys. you've got to have a movie about about real christians inside you somewhere. might i suggest you turn to g. k. chesterton or c. s. lewis for some inspiration?

the first few minutes of "the bodyguard" do have a campy charm: it opens with crawling text from the bible (the part that samuel jackson recites to his soon-to-be victims in "pulp fiction"), continues with two karate school teachers in new york arguing about the eternal question of mankind (who is better? sonny chiba or bruce lee?), and then chiba appears, playing himself; he immediately stops a plane hijacking and breaks a bottle in two with his bare hand. unfortunately, any entertainment value, intentional or unintentional, soon gets crushed by the disjointed story, the lack of action for long periods of time, and the poor quality of any present action. to keep it simple, here's why "the bodyguard" is an unbearable movie to watch:1) you don't know what's going on. 2) there are barely any fights. 3) the fights that are there, are short and terribly filmed.sonny chiba is cool. judy lee is gorgeous, her face is glorious. it's only for them that i give "the bodyguard" a 2nd star out of 10. this movie makes 87 minutes feel like 5 hours.

the best thing you can say about this movie is that if you are a fan of sonny chiba, this movie gives you lots of him. chiba makes speeches; chiba poses; chiba sneers; chiba glares at the camera; chiba punches and kicks the living sushi out of a whole bunch of bad guys; chiba sits around on couches and chairs and looks thoughtful/pensive; chiba drives his car...i enjoy chiba as an actor and a martial artist...but even for a chiba fan, this movie may have a little too much sonny chiba. it's obviously something of a vanity vehicle for him. and no, i wouldn't put "street fighter" in the same category, because in "sf" he plays a ruthless, amoral anti-hero and he shares the camera with an intriguing cast of friends and foes. here, he's front and center almost all the time, and he tries to be batman, captain america and bruce lee rolled into one. toshiro mifune and chow yun fat couldn't pull this off for the length of an entire feature film, and sonny just kind of wears out his welcome. at least he could have changed out of his suit once in a while.the movie is further messed up by an entirely gratuitous and badly done introductory sequence (apparently tacked on to the front of the film for the american version) and a goofy cheer "("viva!! chiba!! viva!! chiba!!) that starts things on the wrong foot. there is some astoundingly amateurish and inappropriate dubbing - sonny (or his usual english stand-in) apparently couldn't be bothered to do the vocals for the american version, so they got some poor dope with an entirely different and smoother voice and dialect that is quite jarring coming from the face we all know and love from "street fighter". even with all those flaws and the overexposure, this could still be a minor classic, but the camera work and the fight scenes are hopelessly cheesy. i'm willing to believe that karate actually works if someone as amazing as chiba's character is supposed to be does it, but the director and cameraman hedged their bets by chopping and editing fight scenes with a weed whacker so you can't really see what's going on most of the time. it's not all bad: there are some decent shots and compositions, and there's at least one memorable and nightmarish moment when the bad guys appear in the client's bedroom in a genuinely inventive way. and as for the actual plot...forget it. for a "bodyguard", chiba's character is something of an idiot. the screenplay depends on his making mistakes and oversights that repeatedly place him (and his "client") in perilous situations so he can fight his way out of them, and after 30 minutes, it strains even the most credulous judgment to think that this guy is supposed to be any good. (also, if his character was really out to destroy the japanese drug trade, he'd have taken his client by her neck 10 minutes into the screenplay and shaken her until her teeth chattered like a castanet until she spilled her little secrets...and a whole lot of pointless death and conflict would have been avoided.) still, as a whole this movie is a long way from the bottom of the barrel. it's still sonny chiba, and he's still fun to watch. i paid a buck to get this off the bargain dvd rack at a local mega mart, and i feel it was worth watching once.

avoid the usa version. it is with added us footage and the worst dubbing you've ever heard probably done by new york amateurs. the dubbing is so bad that it sounds like mystery science theater 3000. i think a black guy from the bronx does chiba's voice. i couldn't watch the entire film it was that bad. instead of this americanized version watch chiba's other greats like the streetfighter or karate warriors.

i liked chiba in street fighter, and i figured hey, no matter how stupid this movie will be, i'll at least get to see him kick some ass, right? wrong. this is a dull, dreary mess of pointless talking, half-assed scriptwriting and meaningless scheming. there are few action scenes of any kind, even fewer martial arts scenes, and the few that are are shot and edited so poorly that you can't even make out what in the world is going on. the dub is also atrocious, and perhaps the idiocy that is this movie is best illustrated by the fact that it supposedly features the italian mafia... except they're all japanese! avoid like the plague--you would see better martial arts by looking through the window of your local preschool karate class for five minutes.

after watching "the bodyguard" last night, i felt compelled to write a review of it.this could have been a pretty decent movie had it not been for the awful camera-work. it was beyond annoying. the angles were all wrong, it was impossible to see anything, especially during the fight sequences. the closeups were even horrible.the story has sonny chiba hiring himself out as a bodyguard to anyone willing to lead him to the top of a drug ring. he is approached by judy lee, who is never quite straight with chiba. lee's involvement in the drug ring is deeper than chiba thought, as the mob and another gang of thugs are after her.the story was decent, and despite horrible dubbing, this could have been a good movie. given better direction and editing, i'm sure this would have been a classic kung foo movie. as it is, it's more like another cheesy 70's action movie.note: the opening sequence has a quote familiar to "pulp fiction" fans, and then continues to a karate school in times square that is in no way related to the rest of the movie.rating: 4 out of 10

i just finished watching this film and wow was that bad. actually the only thing that kept me watching was that it was so monumentally bad it was kind of entertaining. the action of the characters is hilarious, from the hyper-dramatic way they fall to gunfire, to their incredibly bad acting (were the bad guys all just pulled off the street, or were they actually actors?), to incredibly bad delivery of lines, to their inexplicable actions (if you are going to try and shoot someone through a doorway as they enter, obviously the thing to do is shoot directly at the doorknob!!). this film must break some record for worst written and delivered lines.the camera work was also really bad - you can hardly see what's going on in the fight scenes due to switching camera angles and shakiness.i would have voted "1" except that i do like chiba and sidekick sue shihomi, and i was entertained by a couple of scenes: 1) breaking of a villain's arm so the bone pops out of the skin (that's gotta hurt) 2) a drug kingpin eating a brown-furred animal (a monkey??) by hacking away at the carcass with a meat cleaver 3) sonny chiba's performing some impromptu eye surgery on a guy with his fingers.i am actually a big fan of sonny chiba but this one is really not worth anyone's time. i've seen about 7 or 8 of his films and have come to the conclusion that the only ones worth watching (and they are great!) are the street fighter series, and the killing machine. i've also heard the executioner and golgo 13 are good. i recommend sticking to those ones.

lil bush is a 30 minute cartoon show comprised of 2 15 minutes episodes shown on comedy central. it takes place in a fictional, cartoonish washington d.c., and centers around the satirical, childish representations of george w. bush, condoleeza rice, donald rumsfeld and dick cheyney. other politicians are also satirized in the same manner, and act as minor characters.the pilot of little bush, much to this commentator's expectations, proved to be a rather shallow and esoteric production, which barely delivers on its featured promise: a satirical look at the current presidential administration. while one must admit that premise of the show does have some merit, even though it would be hard to imagine a show based almost completely of the denigration of a single political persona would survive to continue to produce episodes after his term of office expired, execution that can only be described as sloppy at best, and downright awful at worst, has marred what little potential the show had.lil bush, which may be technically classified as "satire", tends to disregard its actual use of the particular tool of comedy in order to lambaste its targets in exceptionally vulgar (but not particularly original, entertaining, or funny) ways. the show's consistently weak writing often consists of little more than recording bush/cheney jokes heard elsewhere ad nauseam and placing them all in a single 30 minute block of television. as such, most of the jokes that presented by the writers were shameless clichés, some of which that been in public circulation for more than 6 years already. comparing the vice president to darth vader, for example, may have been funny in the first 300 times one has heard it on the daily show/colbert report/letterman/conan o'brien/leno monologue/any late-night-talk-show-ever, but it is not funny here. as if that were not enough, the show's plots seem to exist simply as a means to advance the same old, tiresome bush jokes that the writers have made the center of the program.in the show's defense, when the writers dare to write in a truly original joke (which seems to be a rarity) it is often somewhat humorous. if the show were to expand its depth somewhat, and place its characters into new situations, exotic situations, rather than the same old mistakes and "quagmires" perpetuated by the bush administration, therefore not having to rely on the same old bush jokes over and over again, the show might be considered somewhat tolerable, and possibly even innovative.ultimately, it is difficult to ascertain which shortcoming causes the lil bush series the most damage; its clear lack of originality and weak writing quality, or its painfully narrow minded ambitions. it is reasonable to expect that lil bush will be able to maintain a small base of left wing fans, that is, if they are able to endure the exceptionally poor writing; so long as the program continues to lampoon the bush administration thoroughly. even so, the majority of viewers will soon recognize the program for what it really is, a weak and pointlessly vulgar attempt at satire, and tune out in search of something more intellectually stimulation; the price is right, perhaps.

i think that elisabeth rohm, though she may try hard, is not very good at all. i guess it was because of budget that she may have been the only one they could get for that price. i mainly watched it for the performance of myron natwick, whose work i know very well.he was the most believable and without doubt the most compelling to watch. when he wasn't on the screen, the thing went dead. this was filmed in vancouver. he gave me the creeps, but be assured that in real life he is a kind, funny compassionate man. he even said playing that role gave him the creeps.i'll watch anything with him in it, but elisabeth rohm - never again. she was as exciting as lint on law and order. maybe a very nice person, but no actress.

i am from the dallas/fort worth area and lived in arlington for a few years. this movie was way off as far as making it look like arlington. i saw mountains in the background of one scene! texas doesn't have mountains. i guess that happens when a movie that is supposed to be in texas is filmed in canada. the accents are also really bad. they should have gotten actors from texas to play the parts. there a lot of aspiring actors from texas out in hollywood. the movie is really sad though, because it is a true story. i pray that the killer is found and convicted. the one good thing is that bc of her death, we now have the amber alert to help find missing children quickly after they are abducted.

the female lead was a terrible actress which made the whole movie mediocre. she was smiling too much when she first went in front of the cameras to talk about her daughter. this should have made the police suspect her. i would have been inconsolable in the identical situation. she seemed way calm for a mother who could not find her daughter. it was as if she did not want to even be in the movie. jennifer aniston would have played the part better. and it would have made a lot more money for such a controversial, important subject. everyone else was excellent. i don't know where the lead actress is but i hope she got some acting lessons.

i have read all of the love come softly books. knowing full well that movies can not use all aspects of the book,but generally they at least have the main point of the book. i was highly disappointed in this movie. the only thing that they have in this movie that is in the book is that missy's father comes to visit,(although in the book both parents come). that is all. the story line was so twisted and far fetch and yes, sad, from the book, that i just couldn't enjoy it. even if i didn't read the book it was too sad. i do know that pioneer life was rough,but the whole movie was a downer. the rating is for having the same family orientation of the film that makes them great.

depending entirely on your own personal state of mind when watching this, "christmas evil" can either turn out to become an ambitious and innovative psychological thriller or one of the most pathetic and infuriatingly lame holiday-themed slashers ever made. me, personally, i'm tempted to opt for the latter because i didn't bother to do any research at all and simply anticipated a cheesy and undemanding early 80's slasher with a nutcase in a santa clause costume butchering people. wrong! the movie actually handles about a bloke named harry stadling; who's obsessed with christmas, works in a rubbish toy factory and considers it to be his responsibility to determine on christmas eve who deserves presents and who deserves punishment. harry's issues all started when he witnessed santa – his daddy in a costume obviously – caress his mommy's naked legs at a tenderly young age. after that he just developed into a social outcast, much to the irritation of his younger brother, who's bound to snap one (holi)day. i fully understand why certain fans appreciate this slightly eccentric horror movie, but did it really have to be so boring? there are several overlong and seemingly endless parts of the film in which absolutely nothing happens. i can forgive the shortness of gore and outrageous bloodshed, but this movie doesn't even benefice from an unsettling atmosphere or unexpectedly demented plot twists (with the notable exception of the finale, i must admit). also, i would have taken the concept more seriously if the crazed protagonist would focus himself on lethally punishing the naughty children! he doesn't and exclusively kills misbehaving adults. how are you supposed to take wannabe controversial and original christmas thriller serious when santa doesn't even commit one miserable child murder? that would have made "christmas evil" a classic, whereas now it's just a forgettable and pitiable piece of junk.

this is one of the worst b slashers i've ever seen in my life. the ending is something you have to see to believe.the movie starts with harry standing and phillip standing sitting on the stairs with their mother watching their father come down the chimney while dressed in a santa suit. he puts the presents under the tree, eats the cookies and milk and then goes back up the chimney. phillip goes to bed but harry comes down only to find his father dressed in a santa suit sexually pleasuring his mother. then, harry goes up stairs, smashes a snow globe, grabs a shard of glass, and cuts himself.then you move on to the present. you see harry. he is a lonely man who sleeps in a santa suit and watches little kids through a pair of binoculars. he has two books. one book for good kids and the other for bad kids. he writes down everything they do in these books. the guy is a creep. he also works at the jolly dream toy factory. his brother phillip has a family and two kids and lives in a nice house.when harry finds out that his boss only cares about profits, he goes and collects all the toys and delivers them to a few kids. then, he travels to a church and kills 4 people. then he goes to another house and puts presents under the tree. the kids catch him but they go back to bed. so, harry goes to the bedroom and kills the father and leaves.as he is walking towards a house, a bunch of kids spot him and run up to him. the parent's are nervous and try to get their kids to come back to them so they don't get hurt. how do they know that harry is the killer? sure, you have to be suspicious because you never know who it could be. harry gives the kids presents and the father pulls out a switch blade in an attempt to stab him in front of the kids.when harry runs off, the townsfolk light torches and follow him to kill him. they don't even know that he is the killer. when harry reaches his brother's house, his his brother and him have a little talk and phillip strangles him. he only loses consciousness. phillip loads harry back into his van. when harry wakes up, he takes off.the ending is something i could not believe. once again, you'll have to see it to believe it.one thing that bugged me was the black santa. that's right, the man in the santa suit they saw was a white man. so why did they bring in a black man?skip this and see silent night deadly night and santa's slay. you'll get your money's worth seeing those two films. they are better than this pile of garbage! i give this movie 1 star out of 10. wish i could give it 0 stars cause that is what this movie deserves.

what can possibly said about this movie other than, "viewer beware". christmas evil should come with a warning label like cigarettes do, because this was harmful to my eyes and ears. i am rarely this unsatisfied with a "b" horror flick, but this movie couldn't even bring a little scare to a five year old. the point of a relentless lunatic that has a thirst for blood in a film is that he/she should seem almost god-like, like nothing can stop their maniacal rage, but in this film the resident psychopath gets himself stuck in a chimney in a bizarre attempt to surprise his next victim and of course follow along with the all to popular legend of santa claus, it's a reminder to the viewer that this man is in no way dangerous because he's far too stupid to be dangerous. all in all a total waste of film.

the only reason to give this movie even a single star is how much the ending made me laugh. i had high hopes as i usually love bad campy holiday horror movies, but this just didn't qualify. it's really just a bad attempt at showing a character slide slowly into insanity, which again, isn't a bad plot, but is done poorly here. there are some scenes (such as the ending) which are not intended to be funny, but actually made me laugh out loud. there were a couple of times when i thought the movie would actually go in an interesting direction, but it never fulfills what it could and should be. in my opinion, if you are looking for a christmas slasher flick, try silent night, deadly night.

this (extremely)low-budget movie is compared to the great classic "silent night deadly night", since it is labeled as a slasher flick. first let me say that i think that even "silent night part 2" is better than this (that one was filled with flashbacks of the original for more than half of the movie). "christmas evil" tries to get psychological by introducing the main character as someone who goes insane,(a strong word), slowly (very slowly). he is irritated by people who do not get the true meaning of christmas and at work he can't stand how the fabricated toys are made with such lack of quality and love. dressed up as santa he finally goes on a killing spree. also a strong word, since only 3 people are killed without the real need for special effects. no tension, no thrills, no gore, no cast. for one exception that is: jeffrey demunn is in it. he is best known for playing aside tom hanks as one of the guards in the classic "the green mile". he still must be kicking himself these days for ever accepting the role. he truly is the only one who really can act, his supporting role is better than the main lead. (who also isn't that bad, but if you're overshadowed by a little supporting character, you're not great either.). and what about that strange ending ? (you have to see it, to believe it). "christmas evil" is downright boring, nothing happens and the artwork is just misleading. this is not a slasher. you wanna see a real christmas slasher, check out the all time greatest: "silent night, deadly night".

i love the 80s slasher flicks and i remember when "silent night/deadly night" was pulled from our theaters, i was very disappointed, so i was very excited to see some of these on fear.net. you better watch out was what i've come to expect of these types of movies. the quality of the special effects were laughable by today's standards, the character development too long, but all in all it was laugh out loud funny! the scenes where he loses it because santa, aka dad, is feeling up his mom and later when the mob is actually shown lighting torches - not flashlights as you would in the 80s, but real torches! - really tickled my funny bone. however, the scenes where he was checking on the kids in his neighborhood gave me a creepy feeling of a different nature. i also enjoyed trying to figure out who some of these character actors were. it took me awhile to figure out that the main character was the lovable teddy bear on brothers.

stewart kane (gabriel byrne, vanity fair) heads out with his local jindabyne, australia fishing buddies for a weekend of rest, recreation, and relaxation. but when stewart discovers an aboriginal woman's body floating face-down in a river, things appear to have turned out for the worst. the largest casualty of the weekend is the men's commonsense. they don't hike out of the ravine, and instead finish their fishing weekend with some great catches. then they head out and report the body.the town and the men's lives quickly turn into a mess. the local media swarms them, and accusations of aboriginal prejudices rear up from the local natives. stewart's wife claire (laura linney, the exorcism of emily rose) senses the deeper meanings of what her husband and his friends did, but has to battle with it through her own mental illness.amidst all this chaos is the life that was this young woman who is now a media spectacle, splayed out on a morgue slab. her murder and subsequent dumping into the water are symbolic of what lay beneath the town of jindabyne: a division of men and women, black and white, social and outcast.the only other people who seem to understand some of what is going on are two young kids: stewart and claire's son who is being led around by a half-breed aussie who's mother was killed also just a few years before. the young girl lives with her grandparents and is trying to let go of her mother the best way she can, and the discovery of a new body seems — strangely enough — a method in which to accomplish this (again, the underlying current of jindabyne is surmised).everything and everyone in this jindabyne township feels what lurks beneath its surface, yet none of them are willing to dive into the murky waters and take a look around (the symbolism here is seen when a nearby lake that is used for recreation and swimming is said to contain the old town of jindabyne under its surface). none, that is, until claire forces them to.the movie is interesting if a bit too convoluted. there are far too many story lines that needed exploring and it just doesn't get done; too many loose threads. the acting was okay, but the filming was terrible. wobbly cameras, grainy or dark shots, and just a generalized sloppiness hurt the overall production.i enjoy symbolic films, northfork being one of my all-time favorites in that vein. but jindabyne needed to peak its head above the turbid water so that it could see its own problems, which simply didn't happen.

this is an abysmal piece of story-telling. it is about an hour into the movie before we have much idea of what it is supposed to be about; the characters often mumble inaudibly; actions frequently seem to have no relation to each other; nobody seems to be concerned about who actually murdered the girl; a pair of spooky kids go swimming in waters that seem threatening but nothing happens; the irishman gets punched in the face by one of his buddies for no apparent reason ... to continue would be as boring as the movie itself. the only half-entertaining element is the landscape photography; but anyone could point a camera at the australian outback a get memorable shots. overall - dreary, incoherent, pretentious - and downright annoying for wasting so much of the viewer's time.

just too many holes in this movie to be enjoyable and worse of all a bizarre almost hollywood-like ending that is completely out of context with the rest of the movie (this is not a spoiler as you will never guess how it ends!).you will also need to be thick skinned to all sorts of politically correct undertones. the conflict between whites and blacks was highly contrived and one sided. i didn't understand why the author had the local black communinity behave in such an unacceptable manner, is he / she trying to be racist?a truly bizare movie. only watch if you like to be really annoyed by holes in the plot and like to debate all the things that may or may not have supposed to have happened.but on the positive side the filming and acting is excellent.

following the release of cube 2: hypercube (2003), and playing off the alleged success of the original cube (1998), director ernie barbarash takes the liberty of bringing us the third installment in the trilogy, the prequel cube zero.deep in the bowels of a giant and faceless institution, time and place unknown, two low-ranking operators, wynn (zachary bennett) and dodd (david huband) sit and observe on monitors the behavior of people that have been placed in a giant network of cubic chambers, some of which are rigged with death traps. told that the people they are observing are convicted felons who chose this horrific and deadly ordeal over a lethal injection, these observers have had no problem with their jobs until wynn, a mathematical genius, discovers that one of the prisoners, a woman named cassandra (stephanie moore) never agreed to be put inside the cube. suddenly it's realized that perhaps their "jobs" are not what they seem, and that they may be part of something deeply sick and twisted...for people that have seen and enjoyed the original cube, this prequel will probably not be to your liking. it's not that the story does not have potential; it's simply that the first cube film never needed to be expanded on. standing alone, it is a neat little psychological thriller with very interesting concepts and a certainty about its own message. it was also nicely self-contained. the problem with cube zero is that it destroys some of the mystique of the original, attempting to answer questions with more questions but only really resulting in making a mess of what never needed fixing.what this new film has to offer, which is questions about the psychological nature of authoritarianism and the banality of evil, certainly are good questions to be raised, but probably should have been done so on their own merits, rather than as a continuation of a film that had no such aspirations.having said this, the other traits of the film, such as acting and direction and writing, are not awful. there is a bleak, dark look to the film akin to such film noir as 'the matrix' and 'dark city', and they have certainly managed to recapture the claustrophobic feeling of the first cube. unfortunately for barbarash, these are not enough positive qualities to save it.

the main question i pose concerning this film is, how do you film a cole porter musical and only use 3 of his 15 songs! merman and lahr played the lead roles on broadway, here they are replaced by the weaker red skelton and lucille ball. plot changes abound and the fun is lost.skip it.

really, it's nothing much. i only recommend watching it if; 1.) you're a big fan of any of the main stars. 2.) if you really want to check out the first time lucille ball was seen with red hair.4 out of 10 stars

this movie, i won't call it a "film," was basically about nothing and functioned mostly for the popular acts of the time. yeah the war was on full swing (pun intended), and this movie gave the troops and our audiences a treat.but let's have something with a bit more substance.loved seeing a young buddy rich on the drums. the music was good throughout.but one cameo after another gets old fast.i didn't even recognize zero mostel! so if you're one from the "greatest generation," as they say, you'll definitely enjoy this...movie.

...said a couple exiting the movie theater just as i was entering to watch this. hmm, not a good sign, but who knows? different strokes for different folks, after all. well, nope. they were being kind. godard has released work that is passionate (contempt), entertaining (band of outsiders), sometimes both (my life to live). this is just dull intellectualism, that grates on the nerves pretty quickly. during my showing, literally half of the audience had walked out by the end of the film. if only i had been so wise.

because 'cruel' would be the only word in existence to describe the intentions of these film makers. where do you even begin? in a spout of b*tchiness, i'm going to start with the awful acting of nearly everybody in this movie. scratch that. nearly does not belong in that sentence. i can't think of even one character who was portrayed well. although, in all fairness, it would be nearly impossible to portray these zero dimensional characters in a successful way. still, the girl who played katherine (whose name i purposefully don't include - i'm pretending she doesn't exist) remains one of the worst actors i've ever seen, only eclipsed by the guy who played sebastian. the story was god awful. it attempted to mirror the brilliance that was the first one but failed in so many ways. pretty much every part of it was pointless - though i will admit (grudgingly) that the plot twist was quite good it its surprise. and the ending was at least slightly humorous. but this film is up there with the worst i've seen. don't watch it. just don't. there is absolutely no value in watching it. none. it only takes away the enjoyment of the first.

if you ask me the first one was really better one. look at sarah m. g., she is real, mean, cruel girl, look at amy adams she is just little fool hanging around. she is nothing! people don't adore her! second, sebastian was cute and hot in first movie, now he is "baby face". story is not that good, and i do not understand. why didn't they make this one first, it is the beginning. loosy actors, nothing with story. this is not cruel, this is playing. first one has better actors, better story, and its mean. i think that the music is better in cruel intentions 1 and the music is better in cruel intentions 3. it is not the worst movie i saw, but in compaer with first one its one big, big, big nothing.

there isn't one decent scene.amy adams gives one of the worst performances of all time. proof that you a can start anywhere. the guy playing sebastian sucks, too. he doesn't even look much like ryan phillipe. more like joshua jackson. the two other girls are terrible, as well. then the dialogue is also crap.sebastian (about to have threesome): if you cant beat them... virgin girl: who says you can't beat 'em?lame.the ending contradicts the entire plot of the original. in the first film, it is clearly stated that kathryn and sebastian never had sex. one of the reasons sebastian wanted kathryn so bad, aside from the fact that she's played by sarah michelle gellar, was that she was "the only girl he couldn't have and it killed him". she was a tease who liked playing with him. the fact that she never gave it to him increased his wanting. then in this p.o.s., it implies that he can have her, along with a girl on the side. what? and we don't even see the sex, either. it's implied, making it not only stupid, pointless, and contradictory, but worthless too.and in the first one, kathryn rejects sebastian because he fell in love, making him a loser. even though he won the bet, that crumbled his chances. then in this excrement, he looses and falls in love. so she doesn't screw "losers", only complete losers? another thing: it's stated that sebastian has never been in love, so what do you call the thing with virgin girl?then at the end, virgin girl is all of sudden revealed to be kathryn's evil lesbian lover (dun dun dun) and, like i said, they go into a lame offscreen threesome. stupid. there's several other plot contradictions. did the writer even see the first film? a 5 year old can point his stuff out.after the threesome, sebastian has sex with the blonde virgin, corrupting her innocent mind in the back of a limo while kathryn and virgin girl turned evil lesbian in lame sudden plot twist sit in the front, listen, and smile evilly into the camera. the end... seeing sebastian become the ass hole he was in the first one could have made an interesting film. i guess all it took to make little sebastian bad was a threesome with two hot girls. interesting.

... or maybe it just is this bad. the plot is a cheap rehash of the first, which is weird, since it's supposed to be a prequel, not a sequel. pretty much the entire movie seems like a cheap remake of the first, with scenes mimicking the things that happened in the first, only a lot more ridiculous and unlikely. where the first had a great cast, this one consist of b-list actors and rejects. the acting is mostly horrendously bad. half of the good lines in the movie are taken directly from the first, as is nearly every major character, including the ones who weren't in the first movie. i realize this was made up by a tv series pilot episode, but that's no excuse. they didn't have to turn the (bad) footage into a movie. only one thing is marginally good, and that's the erotic sequences. however, as these are nowhere near as good as the ones in the first, even this isn't raising it above a rating of 1. if you have a chance to see it for free, and you're a straight guy, it could be worth checking out, if you want something erotic that isn't porn. if not, avoid at all costs. 1/10

this is, quite literally, the worst movie i have ever watched in my life. it may be the worst movie possible. some movies are so bad that they're good; this movie is so bad that it goes past enjoyable camp and simply becomes unwatchably awful. it is the anti-enantiodromia. we bought it with the intent to heckle, and all of my family gathered around for a fun evening of clever remarks; instead, we sat in stunned silence, pitying poor peter sellers.this is worse than the animated lord of the rings. it is worse than the matrix sequels. it is worse than krull. it is worse than any batman movie.do not, under any circumstances, let this movie approach within ten feet of your television.

i actually saw this movie in the theater back in it's original release. it was painful to watch peter sellers embarrass himself so badly. the story was incredibly lame and difficult to follow, and the ending was ridiculous. it was just sad to see how the mighty had fallen. i won't say that i'm a huge peter sellers fan, but i did thoroughly enjoy the pink panther series and i felt that he gave a strong performance in being there. but this film should never have been made. from what i've read, he pursued producing this film against the advice of the people around him. fine, but that still doesn't excuse the studio actually releasing the film.

the fiendish plot of dr. fu manchu (1980). this is hands down the worst film i've ever seen. what a sad way for a great comedian to go out.

seriously. i just wrapped up my first viewing of demonicus and words have failed me.i remember a time when i would see charles band's name on a film and my heart would race. he was never a wes craven or a john carpenter. he was a bastion of hope for the little man. the guy whose movies arrived at the video store instead of the multiplex, but they still rocked harder than most of the trendy junk we otherwise had to endure.and now... this.a painfully-obvious californian walking trail doubles for "the alps" and an abandoned train tunnel is actually supposed to be "an ancient cave". i mean, they didn't even try to dress the thing up with moss or film it in a way that might suggest it was anything other than an old train tunnel! ugh! instead of a creepy demon gladiator, as the cover implies, we're treated to a dude wearing the latest in wal-mart halloween apparel. there's a pretty cool looking corpse, who occasionally comes to life to belch and wiggle his fingers, but he doesn't even learn to stand until the final five minutes. why couldn't he be the villain? instead, we've got frat boy joe with a plastic sword. ouch.charles band... you should be ashamed that your name is attached to such tripe. i love movies that are so bad, they're good. hell, i occasionally enjoy a flick thats so bad, its just bad. this one, however, is just unwatchable. a perfect example of making a buck, rather than making a quality film.

i rented this one to see vanesa talor one more time. she can act, but doesn't get a chance in this clunker. the opening sequence is an elaborate crane shot of mountain landscapes. must have come from a stock archive, because the movie is shot direct to videotape. the production values make _blair witch_ look professional. there's a really cheesy animated statue, but no other effects worth noting. this movie is bad, but not amusingly so. the players would do well not to mention it on their resumes.

if this film was a comedy, i would have given it a 10. oh my, where do i begin? put it this way -- i've seen lots of terrible horror films, but this one makes troll 2 look like freakin' saving private ryan. it's as if a group of porn filmmakers decided to make a horror film, changed their mind in midproduction and decided to do a comedy, then went back to horror, and then decided that they should have just stuck with porno (softcore at that). everything about this film is simply terrible: the musical score (someone shoot the guy who invented the yamaha keyboard), the script, the directing, the cinematography, the acting. there simply are no words to describe this. oh wait, yes there are: holy $*%!.

okay, i absolutely love ben stiller, although i am lukewarm about jennifer aniston. i do not think this girl can act in the least. every movie or sitcom i've seen her in is very hard to get past her fake acting. it sounds like she is just standing there reading right off the script. this movie only had one good thing about it, and that's that ben stiller was in it. this plot is so used and abused it's ridiculous. how many movies have this same type of plot?? can we say "forces of nature??" not only is the plot so old, but the outcome is so predictable, it's boring. i knew everything that was going to happen before it did. it was a bore, but watching stiller is always a delight!!!

this has to be one of the worst films i have ever seen. the dvd was given to me free with an order i placed online for non dvd related items.no wonder they were given away, surely no one could part with money for this drivel.how some reviewers can say they found it hilarious beggars belief, the person who includes it in the worst five films ever has got it spot on.how on earth a talented actor like philip seymour hoffman could get involved in this rubbish is unbelievable. mostly toilet humour and badly done at that.anyone wanting to be entertained should avoid this at all costs.

i saw this for free, thankfully, and wish it was better than it was, but it's really the same old stuff that movie studios seem to foist on us in the last ten years.ben stiller and jennifer anniston play a couple who are opposites- and yet they are attracted to each other.if that plot line doesn't take you by surprise and thrill you, the movie won't either.lots of sight gags and fart jokes. halfway through the movie i began to realize that ben stiller really isn't that funny, but he tries very hard. and jennifer anniston really isn't that pretty, but her hair looks great. and hank azaria and phillip seymore hoffman must have got paid a great deal of money to be in this kind of average ho-hum movie, i've come to expect more from them.what was interesting was that i saw this after i saw american splendor, which is a truly funny and original movie- and i compared the two in my head, and found myself wishing that the movie executives would be forced to sit through those two movies back to back- perhaps that would knock some sense into them andthey'd start making better movies with unknowns rather than this formulaic stuff that plays best on airplanes.

i realize several ben stiller movies are out or will be out this year, but perhaps he should insist on quality, not quantity.i was dumbfounded at what the filmmakers thought passed for comedy in "along came polly." stiller's reuben is grating, charmless and ranks as one of the worst performances of the year. stiller's schtick is getting tiresome. he undoubtedly has comic talent, but he needs to either find another schtick or take a break, find some material that is actually funny. because his movies are going from painfully humorless to excruciatingly bad.there's absolutely no chemistry between stiller and jennifer aniston, which is a shame because she's a good, smart actress with a promising career. as long as she keeps making more movies such as "the good girl" (in which she's terrific) and less like "along came polly," she'll have a career of which she could be proud.aniston tries desperately to overcome the limp material with which she's working, but it's a daunting task for any actress. with the exception of a few moments with alec baldwin, as reuben's boss stan, and philip seymour hoffman, as reuben's best friend sandy, there's nothing funny in this awful film. other supporting characters, including debra messing as lisa and hank azaria as claude, are annoying. azaria's accent is not only stupid, it's terribly unfunny.the premise of "along came polly" certainly showed promise. unfortunately, it needed a writer who could actually turn it into a good comedy, instead of this lame, dull, boring excuse for a comedy.

the movie appeals to public due to charisma of ben stiller and notoriety of j. aniston. it seems that we have here a recipe for a successful title, but there's nothing successful in this movie.polly is very well played by aniston, no doubt. this is the kind of character which suits her perfectly. bem stiller is the same troublesome guy like in " meet the parents", but in this movie the comic scenes are few compared to the title mentioned above.the script is very poor with nothing special at all. with this two well payed actors the things could get a lot better - but what can they do when there is such a poor story and script.4 out of 10.

i have an awful pan-and-scan videotape of "boom!", and i want to see it in all its widescreen glory. so i voted "1" and hope you will too. together, we can pull this movie down into the pits of cinematic dross, and hope that someone will see an opportunity for big money in releasing "boom!" in its director's cut extended version. the movie is one of my howling favorites…you just look at the people involved, the director, the actors, the cameraman, and you say to yourself, "yep, i guess you can fool some of the people for a lot of time." producers considering the dvd release of "boom!" should note that, everywhere it's been shown, there have been sellout crowds in the theaters. but it hasn't been up to frostbite falls yet.

is rich, ailing elizabeth taylor courting the angel of death on her island fortress in the mediterranean, or is she just overreacting--or more precisely, overacting--as usual? actually, both are applicable in director joseph losey's wandering, meandering mess called "boom", appropriately titled since tempers in the lush, luxurious setting are nearly ready to explode. richard burton climbs taylor's mountain uninvited; she dresses him in a samurai's robe complete with saber. though great-looking in widescreen, the picture is otherwise quite deadly, a failure even liz 'n dick-philes should shun (the stars' collective "what the hell!" attitude to their late-'60s film careers reached an ego-mad nadir here). pointless, confused, and maddening, "boom" is a catastrophe--although screenwriter tennessee williams, who adapted his own unsuccessful play "the milk train doesn't stop here anymore", was said to be quite fond of it! * from ****

whatever rating i give boom is only because of the superb location photography of sardinia and rome. otherwise, this is only for hardcore addicts of elizabeth taylor (her downward phase), and richard burton (his miscasting phase). tennessee williams wrote "the milk train doesn't stop here anymore" and is supposed to be very fond of this adaptation of his play--but apparently, he was the only one. taylor reportedly hated it and burton needed the money.whatever, it amounts to a hill of beans with taylor posturing and fuming in her shrill manner, exploding at the servants and exchanging bad baby-talk with no less than noel coward who seems to be a visitor from another film when he finally appears.it's so campy that among taylor fans it's probably considered a "must see" kind of thing. but if you can sit through this one without a drink in your hand, you're way ahead of me. sadly, this is the film that signified the end of taylor being taken seriously as a film actress, even after winning two oscars. for burton, it was equally disastrous and the critics called it a bomb. judge for yourself if you dare.

