this sorry excuse for a film reminded me a great deal of what i heard about "gigli", that ben and jen flop earlier this summer. "the order" was clearly edited to such an unconscionable degree that the scenes, rather than forming a cohesive and provoking film, appeared to be a collection of disconnected sequences that did little to forward any semblance of a unified plot. now, i'm a heath ledger fan ("10 things i hate about you", "a knight's tale" and particularly his supporting role in "monster's ball"), but my man needs to find himself a better agent. keep accepting scripts like "the order" and "four feathers" and he's going to be on the fast track to movie oblivion.here are the problems i had with the film. firstly, the director tried to make up for the inadequacies of his essential plot by introducing two other plot lines that seemingly had little if anything to do with, well, much of anything. plot skeins involving the american trying to take over the vatican and the dark pope, while mildly interesting, did nothing to reveal to the viewer anything about the main characters. the attempts to tie these threads together were pathetic at best. secondly, please don't insult the intelligence of the viewer by inserting into the film scenes that are clearly obligatory. we had manufactured angst, manufactured love and most idiotically manufactured sex that seemed like a page right out of "matrix reloaded" with skull-numbing techno music. rather than developing character, these elements seemed like the cheap devices they clearly were, a half-hearted attempt at putting popcorn-chewing adolescents in the seats. thirdly, and most importantly, this movie seemed to ha ve an intriguing concept. we have scandal, we have religion and we have supernatural forces at play. why then do we learn almost nothing about anyone's background? we learn a little about alex, but even he gives up the passion of the priesthood to sleep with a woman after two days, a woman who tried to kill him during an exorcism at some point in the past. and alex is the most developed, if you can call it that, character in the entire film.as the cliche goes nowadays, if you're going to see one movie this year, make sure it's not this one. there's about ten interesting minutes out of the intolerable 101 minute affair. the only thing that saved me was going with a girl who i'm rather fond of.1 out of 10. i'm disappointed. file this one firmly under -had potential but blew it on over editing and bad directing-. heath my man, go back to monster's ball-like cameos. they really suit you.

my friends and i walked out after 15 minutes, and we weren't the first. afterwards, we tried to get our money back. movie theater management wouldn't allow this, but they did agree to let us see another film. the only time that worked for us was to see dickie roberts: former child star. as you can tell, this wasn't a memorable night. probably one of my worst movie nights. close second has to be when i saw a double header of domestic disturbance and heist. in conclusion, for the sake of humanity, please don't see the order.

what was the worst movie of 2003? "cat in the hat?" "gigli?" mais non! i propose that it was this atrocious little film from earlier in the year. badly written, badly edited, and (if i may be so bold) badly acted, "the order" is the black hole of film - a movie so dense not even the slightest bit of entertainment could escape from its event horizon of suck. it isn't even accidentally funny, like (for example) "showgirls."you know that the producers are assuming that their audience isn't going to be very smart. they renamed the movie, originally titled "the sin eaters," because they figured americans were too stupid to understand what a sin eater was, even though they go to great lengths to explain what a sin eater is in the movie. instead, they figure an utterly generic title and a picture of heath ledger looking sullen are more than enough to get you in there.and, hey, what do you know, they were right! my ex-girlfriend saw the picture of heath and dragged me in. congratulations, producers, you've met your target market. she also liked "grease ii," so you're in good company.back on topic, heath plays a catholic monk from a specific (you guessed it) order that is trying to investigate the murder of his mentor. he has celibacy issues, possibly because nobody in their right mind would believe that he knew the slightest thing about religion, much less be a celibate monk. the only other member of this order is a funny alcoholic fat guy. as much as i've wanted to see the return of the funny alcoholic to the big screen, his attempts at humor reminded me of all the dorks in my high school who did imitations of monty python, thinking that if they just said the lines like the pythons did they would automatically be funny. you know the sort of people i'm talking about.if i utter any more, i would be in danger of generating spoilers. frankly, the thing that spoiled this movie for me was the fact that it was created.

i shouldn't even review this movie, since it's not actually a horror movie -- and thus not worthy of dr. cheese's attention. at least, it's not horror in the usual sense. it's certainly a horrifying proposition to waste your time watching this crap. that's why i turned it off after the first four hours. imagine my surprise, then, when the clock showed that only 45 minutes had passed. yep, that's right; in plain terms, this movie is b-o-r-i-n-g."the order" had lots of flaws, not all of them unique. in particular, it seems to me the main problem with the "religious" subgenre of horror films is hollywood's unwillingness to engage christianity on its own terms. it is quite possible to make truly creepy films that are also orthodox. just ask william peter blatty. in fact, without orthodoxy, films like this are just an anything-goes smorgasbord of the filmmakers' (usually dull and illogical) imaginations.think about it. if someone made a movie ostensibly about, say, physics, but not only got the basic laws of physics wrong, but based the entire plot on its wrong portrayals, you would soon get tired of the resulting pointless plot. the same goes for these sorts of movies.in other words, "the order"(and many similar movies before it) invent out of whole cloth stuff about the catholic church and about the christian faith and attempt to build a plot out of these inventions. unsurprisingly, the plot ends up being incoherent and stupid. this movie has the added charm of being as interesting to watch as your toenails growing.avoid this steaming pile.

the turgid pace of this movie numbs us to any shocks that it might provide. there was no real suspense. most of the characters were insipid. the chesty irish priest was as lame as the love interest. interest is misleading. the girl that they chose to provide the film's sensuality might be better. the central conflict of the main character was uninvolving. this film is entirely devoid of positives. it is like a tedious exercise by someone who didn't want to go to the gym that day but did anyway.

the good fellas at webster's dictionary define logophobia as the ‘fear of words'. i may just be logophobic. for no word combination scares me more than when at the beginning of a film, credits contain the words `produced, written and directed by:', and are followed by a single individual's name. think about it. there are carpenters, electricians and plumbers, but so few jack-of-all-trades. even the most seasoned of directors like speilberg and scorsese rarely take such control of their films. but there i was, all nestled in my theatre seat, popcorn in hand and about to watch the order when hurled at me like a nolan ryan fastball, were the words `produced, written and directed by brian helgeland'. whoa! being a film buff, i knew of brian helgeland. as a writer his filmograpghy over the past 10 years would be graphed like a dotcom company's stock price in 1998. there were as many theatrical unpleasantries (assassins, the postman, conspiracy theory) as there were critical and award winning successes (l.a. confidential, mystic river). they seemed to alternate – one good, one bad, so knowing that his last film, bloodwork was one of the most wasted efforts in clint eastwood's career, i took a breath and hoped for the best. in retrospect, i should not have exhaled. the order stars heath ledger (helgeland's a knights tale), as alex bernier, a priest in an order known as the carolingians, who is summoned to rome when a fellow priest is killed under circumstances that the arch bishop deems ‘curious'. meeting up with father thomas (also of the order and played wonderfully by still standings' mark addy), they set out to piece together the riddle left behind in the wake of the priest's untimely death.complicating matters is a sub plot involving mara sinclair (played by shannyn sossamon) who has escaped from an institution that was the result of her attempts to kill alex during an exorcism. alex has feelings towards mara and for some reason unbeknownst to the audience, they travel to rome together.nary a good nights sleep goes by and alex is confronted by william eden (benno fürmann) who claims to be a centuries old sin eater. a sin eater, as we are told, are those that eat the sins of a dying individual when the church does not, thus allowing entrance into heaven. william, as luck would have it, is tired of a life of healing and looks for alex to take over his role and free him from his worldly duties. alex is reluctant, but after the death of his new love mara, alex resorts to the ritual of the sin eater to save her and the transformation is complete. alex then searches for answers to his many queries while father thomas unveils the vatican plot behind the passing of authority to his fellow investigator. the order is not a terrible film, but it is terribly boring. there were ridiculous special effects and no connection with any of the characters. even in the most dramatic scene - that of alex walking in on the dying mara - is pale and bland and leaves us with no emotional response towards the couple's plight. everybody seems to talk so quietly and unemotionally that the film flat lines and smelling salts could have been administered to keep me from trying to grab a quick nap in the middle of the film.so, mr. helgeland, i plead with you not to try this again. share your vision with others and allow those more experienced to help direct you in directions that are not so narrow minded and self-serving. until then, there is nothing emanating that shows you are capable of anything more than a failing grade. two stars.

horrible waste of time - bad acting, plot, directing. this is the most boring movie ever! there are bad movies that are fun (freddy vs. jason), and there are bad movies that are horrible. this one fits into the latter. bottom line - don't waste your time.

in the bygone days of the catholic church, a sin-eater was an individual that, through ritual, would take the sins of a dying person upon themselves. often, these people were excommunicate or similar individuals who the church would not absolve, thereby denying them entrance into heaven. the sin-eaters were seen as blasphemous, circumventing the chruch's monopoly on redemption. sex this up a bit with some overt supernatural mojo, let the concept wander where it may, and you have "the order", a movie that combines "stigmata"'s religious anti-authoritarianism, "the x-files"' paranormal investigation, and "the thorn birds"' sexual spirituality into an odd melange that sometimes works.alex (heath ledger) is a rogue priest, one of the last members of the order of the carolingians, a semi-heretical order of knowledge-seeking, demon-fighting priests. when alex's mentor is found dead under bizarre circumstances, bishop driscoll (peter weller) sends alex to investigate. tagging along are fellow carolingian thomas (mark addy) and mara (shannyn sossman), who was subject to one of alex's exorcisms a year prior. the three go to rome to investigate and are drawn into a dark underworld of bizarre catholic heresy, ominous prophecies, demonic intrusions, and a man claiming to be the last surviving sin-eater (benno furmann).written and directed by brian helgeland (who worked with the same principals on the scattershot and half-hearted "a knight's tale"), the film is an odd one, and difficult to classify. it wants to be several things at once -- supernatural thriller, religious intrigue, dramatic television pilot -- and only sometimes succeeds at any of them. this isn't helped by the slow pace or the fact that most of the actors seem to be sleepwalking through their performances with occasional bursts of brilliance. ledger, in particular, has a particularly stunning scene of despair in an otherwise monochromatic performance. sossman, however, displayed the same disconnected performance that she's given in all of her films (most notably in "the rules of attraction").the plot itself meanders back and forth between several different story arcs, leading you to wonder which is the main one with each arc containing its share of red herrings. large gaps of narrative appear to be lost between scenes at times, which can be confusing for many, but this is also one of the film's saving graces. the structure of the film -- coupled by the fact that there is never a truly clear antagonist until the very end of the film -- forces the viewer to analyze and reason in a time when most films are blatantly obvious about everything (the exception to this is historical background on the carolingians and the practice of sin-eating, both of which are explained in dry exposition). even at the beginning of the film, character relationships and history are inferred instead of explained. combine this with the on-location shooting and judicious use of special effects, and you have a very old-world supernatural thriller, with even the opening credits reminiscent of something from the late 70's/early 80's.a brief mention here, as well, for the subtle and organic score by david torn, a combination of minimalist orchestration and lisa gerrard-style exotic vocals. a very nice score that is evocative without being bombastic and exists in a very deceptive simplicity.a confusing plot, a lack of purpose, and sometimes sleepy performances would often damn a movie, but for some reason, "the order" remains watchable. many people will be very turned off by the movie for its odd sensibilities, and some may even become angry that they are forced to engage the higher functions of their brain to understand it. still, the film's sheer intangibility will prevent it from being either a critical or commercial success until the dvd, which i'm sure will be stocked with copious amounts of deleted scenes. a recommended film only for people who like to think while they watch. 6 out of 10.

the screenwriter poorly attempted to re-create the "exorcist'. but put in some blah-blah love story that makes you sick instead of keeping you engaged. there is no substance whatsoever in this entire film. it had the potential of being something special but blows it by showing a bunch of people yack about things nobody cares about. extremely boring, i wanted to leave the theater when i saw this but the dumb movie tickets were expensive so i had to withstand the dreary torture which felt like it lasted forever. nothing on screen connected relevance back to whatever the characters were talking about.they use computer graphics in here that instead of wowing me (as it intended, i hate cgi) just ruined the movie even more. some people say this movie did horrible in the movie theaters because of how "thought-provoking" and "slow-paced-without-action-because it's an intelligent film" it was. what is so intelligent or thought provoking when the story is basically about pretty boy heath ledger as a priest who has a love interest and disobeys his religion? seems like an uninspired concept. oh and there's some mumbo jumbo about the "sin-eater" (movie was originally going to be titled "sin-eater"). lame concept but the movie took the "sin-eater" thing too seriously, making the movie become pathetic and delusional about how dark and intelligent it was. yeah, i know there were really sin-eaters in the medieval times but this movie just makes it sound cheesy.nothing in the movie was executed right and i forget why i even bothered to see this movie. if you want horror films that actually have depth, watch rosemary's baby, the tenant, naked blood, society, cannibal holocaust, pin, exorcist, omen, or any of the romero "dead trilogy" films. nonsense dialogue does not equate to intelligence people, mainstream movie fans think that though (same kind of people that think a ridiculous movie like hulk is a cinematic masterpiece). if you want mind-numbingly boring horror, watch the order. this movie makes church seem like a roller coaster ride.

::potential spoilers::man, this movie was awful. a catholic/superstitious/suspense thriller it goes over already well tread ground from previous movies.the doubting priest. sex and the priesthood. politics and religion. church hypocrisy. conspiracy involving the church. the dawn of a new evil age. all kinds of dark magic voodoo battles between good and evil.pretty stupid and lame with a weak storyline to suffice. the story revolves around two concepts: absolution, better known as the sacrament of anointing the sick - the last rights a person can ask for to cleanse one's sins while on the brink of death; and excommunication, the act of cutting a person off from the church. basically, an excommunicated person can't receive absolution. thus comes in the sin eater, and i'll leave it at that. throw in all the dopy things i already listed and you have "the order".i found the sex scene with the priest interlaced with shots of a picture of the virgin mary rather insulting to catholics. it also ends with heath ledger saying (i paraphrase) "i am the redeemer and damner of sins, i live on without love blah blah blah" /cue him walking in dark alley with long trench coat alla "the matrix".i gave this movie a 1 for not only being crappy and unoriginal but also because it managed to insult an entire faith in the process. if you want to see something better i suggest "the prophecy" with christopher walken.

1st watched 5/17/2002 - 3 out of 10(dir-ewald andre dupont): fairly lame account of the titanic disaster is the first filmed version of this much-heralded event. the replication of the disaster is not bad, but the drama around it is at some times silly, badly acted and way-too soap opera-like. the story is very much the same as the most recent oscar-winning one except that we are shown how the crew tried to hide the actual disaster that was occurring until almost too late. good for nostalgia purposes only and to get a feel for what james cameron was competing against(barely…) in his recreation.

i am a motion picture production major at wright state university in ohio, and yesterday i was sadly given the opportunity to watch this god-awful film in class. we were informed by our professor that it would be very funny to us, but the reason we were watching it was because it was one of the first sound films - a complete disaster.the problem with early sound films was that hollywood actors only knew how to do silent movies and they weren't good at memorizing lines. so producers and directors would look to the stage to get actors. sounds like a great idea, right? well, the kind of acting one does on stage doesn't show up too well on film. most of the actors in "atlantic" look and sound like they're acting in a play, which results in lots of hearty laughs at the over-acting. another limitation of early sound film was the technology of microphones. you couldn't move the mikes like you can today, you had to keep them static or it would pick up the sound of air moving through. there was usually one mike used in any given scene in this movie. in one particular scene, there is a man sitting at a table. someone walks right up to him and delivers their line, then walks away. another actor comes up from behind him, delivers their line, then walks away. it goes on like this for a couple more people. the microphone is obviously right by the man at the table, making for a laughable actor carousel.those are only technical problems. if you get into the story and direction, then it gets even worse. the story is a fictionalized account of what happened on the titanic. the characters are unbelievable and pointless. a "story" about a man cheating on his wife and their teenage daughter has no place in the movie. it is barely resolved and leaves you wondering why it was there in the first place. a lousy attempt at high drama, the actors take long, pregnant pauses between lines many times. it is tiresome, and you can't wait for this 90 minute (feels like 180 at least) movie to get over with. i'm not going to talk a whole lot about the issue of racism at this time in our country, but it really offended me that there were only two blacks in the whole movie, and they were portrayed as animals. they both pushed past the women and children to try and get in one of the lifeboats. they were ordered to stop or be shot, and of course they didn't so they were shot. i was appalled.i give this movie a 2/10. i would have given it a 1/10 (the lowest rating possible), but i gave it an extra point just because it was one of the first sound films, and i tried to put it into context. if you want to see a good early sound film, check out alfred hitchcock's "blackmail" that also came out in the year 1929. you will find that the best directors were able to adapt to new technology immediately.

yes i know "talkies" had just been invented for the cinema 2 years earlier when this was produced in 1929 but this film showed that much had to learnt about the art of producing films.it comes over as a filmed "hammy" stage play with the actors melodramatically enunciating their lines,rolling their eyes, using too many pregnant pauses and using gestures more appropriate to silent cinema, which i suppose was normal during the process of educating them to appear more naturalistic on screen.the gaps between lines spoken should have been tightened up during editing as it considerably slows the film.it is now only of interest for titanic buffs who want to see an early example of this marine accident on film.in next chronological order they could see "titanic" (1953) a night to remember (1958)"titanic (1997), to see how the cinema's depiction of this tragedy as evolved over the years.there have been many documentaries and tv films made including the atrocious "sos titanic" (1979) on my version which is a dvd, david mccallum gives the introduction.it was he who played harold bride marconi's junior wireless operator in "a night to remember"(still the best feature film - please read my "tribute to walter" comments on imdb under howard morley.demon.co.uk)and gave the commentary on the series of 4 videos entitled "end of a dream" so he was well qualified to give the narration.of more interest i found was a recording accompanied by actual photos of the 1912 us senate hearing which is also on the dvd.actors speak the actual words spoken by lightoller 2nd officer, j bruce ismay,managing director of white star, harold bride and others including gloria stewart (the "old rose" in titanic 1997) whose voice is used for one of the first class women survivors.

no movie with madeleine carroll in its cast could possibly be unwatchable. that said, i have to add that this british film comes close. the story takes place on board the `ss atlantic' and it's loosely based on the `titanic's' unfinished voyage. the word `unsinkable' is spoken, the liner strikes an iceberg, and we hear a heavenly choir sing `nearer my god to thee.' the doomed passengers eventually take over the anthem, in a clever bit of sound work. but the year of the film's release (1929) means that a modern viewer has to accept otherwise primitive sound and many of the acting conventions of silent films and the stage. these aren't problems. the film's major flaw is pacing, and pacing had been well developed in silents. however, if the dialog were delivered at a realistic speed, the movie's running time would be cut in half. the intended effect was drama (and clarity in a new medium), but the result unhappily is tiresome now. the film's structure is preposterously illogical and inept. paradoxically, i found certain details of the editing quite modern in technique: fine, abrupt cuts from one area of the ship to another, sometimes even on sound effects. although we're on board the `atlantic' from the first shot, we were well over 4 minutes into the movie before i discovered that fact. there are long, intrusive musical passages by the ship's dance orchestra. (entertaining, easy sound.) personal stories are presented in an utterly uninvolving and unconvincing way. don't even think of spectacle. the berg is a tiny thing and the exterior damage it does to the ship's hull is a minor dent. however, the scenes of passengers swarming into the lifeboats - clearly staged on a real liner, presumably tied up to a dock - generate great excitement. other than the glorious miss carroll, these sequences are the film's only points of excellence. as the movie and the ship near their end, the screen goes totally black several times when the power generators begin to fail. their last, eternal blackout is the end of the film, with a sunset/sunrise tacked on, a clumsy symbolic effect. `atlantic' is a cinema curiosity. at best.

this was talked about to death by the critics when it honestly isn't that great. sure, "chaos" and "inside man" are literally the same movie, just with variations in suspense. but i found "chaos" more enjoyable because it was fast paced kinda like the silly film "swordfish." the reason this film is more popular is because this got released in the states and "chaos" was aired all around the world at film festivals and foreign theaters, but has yet to find a distributor in the u.k. and u.s.a. it's true that this film makes lots of tributes to classic films like dog day afternoon and other spike lee films, but that doesn't mean that it is a pleasant film to watch. watch it if nothing else is on t.v., but you'll probably get bored with after awhile.

much has been made of rohmer's use of digital technology to 'fill in' the background. at times it works well, the scene where grace and her maid witness from afar the king's execution is particularly striking. at other times it gives the film a strangely amateurish look, resembling a home video. however, the major failing is that the sheer artificiality of the mise en scene creates an alienating effect in the viewer. we know that what we are watching is not real so how can we feel for the characters? to be frank, i did not care at all what happened to the lady or the duke.the other major failing, i regret to say, is the performance of lucy russell in the leading role. she is in virtually every scene and the success or otherwise of the film rests on her performance. ok she is speaking a foreign language but she is incapable of expressing real emotion. her emoting in the scene where she recounts to her friend mme de meyler (an excellent performance by the debutante helena dubiel) seeing the head on a pole caused some embarrassed laughter in the audience. also, watch her hands when she is expressing emotion!all in all a very disappointing film, particularly given the positive reviews on this site.

the guy who wrote, directed and stared in this shocking piece of trash should really consider a carer change. yes rob stefaniuk, i mean you! seriously, who funded this crap? there are so many talented writers out there whom money could be better spent on. i think the idea is great but the acting, script and directing is just plain awful! the jokes are so not funny, i understand that they are supposed to be taking the mickey. but do it with style, this movie is screaming 1995 saturday night live skits. why, i say again why do studios give money to hacks like rob stefaniuk - never give a comedian the opportunity to write direct and star in his own movie. duh!

when hey arnold! first came on the air in 1996, i watched it. it was one of my favorite shows. then the same episodes started getting shown over and over again so i got tired of waiting for new episodes and stopped watching it. i was sort of surprised when i heard about hey arnold! the movie since it doesn't seem to be nearly as popular as some of the other nickelodeon cartoons like spongebob squarepants. nevertheless, having nothing better to do, i went to see the movie anyway. going into the theater, i wasn't expecting much. i was just expecting it to be a dumb movie version of a childrens' cartoon like the recess movie was. i guess i got what i expected. it was a dumb kiddie movie and nothing more. there were some good parts here and there, but for the most part, the movie was a stinker. simply for kids.

i like animated shows. i enjoy the nick fare pretty much, including hey, arnold. but moving a tv show to the big screen isn't easy and this just didn't feel big enough. it was more like a long episode of the show, and it just didn't move along that well. judging by the behavior of the kids we had with us, it didn't score that well with them either.

tries to be funny and fails miserably. the animation is just terrible, looks like a 2 year old threw it together in his sleep. plot is dull and cliched. if you have a young child, maybe rent it. but don't waste hard earned money to pay to see it.1/10

i have to admit that i'm a great fan of this show, so you must know how disappointed i got when i watched this movie. first of all, the plot was awful, i thought it was going to be something more interesting, like to see what happened to arnold fathers, or something more interesting, but nooooooo, a maniac wants to destroy arnold's house, between many other places, so many people tries to stop this.i must admit that the plot wasn't so bad after all, but what really sucked were the steps that arnold and his friends do to stop this maniac, they become friends of a spy,; they drive a bus (based on a video game, for god sake), and to worse everything, they make super-moves on the bus, things that many persons had already tried and died, but not arnold, gerald and helga, 'cause they are experts on a video game.honestly, my mom, my sister, even me got really disappointed after watching this movie, 'cause it was the worst way to finish a really good cartoon. i must admit that i used to enjoy "hey arnold!", it was one of my favorite cartoons on nickelodeon, but after this crap of movie, i'm not quite sure if i'm going to watch "hey arnold!" as i used to watch it on the past.other thing nickelodeon, with that enormous number of dynamite i can assure you that not a simple street would explode, i think that the whole city could explode with that, oh, and please, if all of your future movies from good cartoons are going to be like that, don't do more movies, you give a bad critic to cartoons that used to be good.honestly, i think this was the worst way to end this show, a good show transformed into this crap of movie.

this is a great movie. i love the series on tv and so i loved the movie. one of the best things in the movie is that helga finally admits her deepest darkest secret to arnold!!! that was great. i loved it it was pretty funny too. it's a great movie! doy!!!

only children below the age of 12 should be allowed to see this film. the rest of us should take a book, mp3 player, or just take a nice nap to endure the experience of this event. this can be best summed up as a "blown-up" tv movie being distributed into theaters. children will want to see this film, and they will like and be amused by the movie.

hey arnold! is a slow-paced and slightly boring movie. the plot is not very creative. the paul sorvino character (shenk) is buying all of the decrepit, low-priced buildings in order to build a gigantic mall, shopping complex and office buildings. this plot goes back to many 1960s kids movies. it is boring. paul sorvino is not very exciting either, so the idea of him as the bad guy is not very scary. gramps remembers something about a historical document, and the rest of the movie is about the last 36 hours when arnold and jamal must find the document with the undercover aid of helga, whose father is hoping to become rich thanks to shenk's mall. the kids must move around town on buses, and so the exciting chase scene involving a bus is not only silly, but underscores how this movie is written for very young kids. hey arnold, the tv cartoon is usually very entertaining, and it has enough humor to appeal to adults. the tv cartoon is usually faster paced and more imaginative than this movie. hey arnold the movie, is about five times more sedated, and a good way to put anyone, including kiddies to sleep. hey arnold was a tough one to stay awake all the way until the predictable and totally boring ending. if you want to send your kids to a totally non-offensive movie, this is it. i get the feeling that instead of trying to make a 90 minute movie, the producers started out with a 30 minute tv cartoon script and tried to expand it into 90 minutes. this mall story definitely could have been covered in the tv cartoon. hopefully arnold will bet a better writer if there is ever a sequel.

i saw this movie with low expectations and was not disappointed. its so bad that it is actually funny in a very cringe worthy way.gael is absolutely terrible, i mean he just cannot act, period. he should give up now, as acting is clearly not his thing.. his co-stars are about the same caliber, i'm sure my 5 year old cousin could do a better job than all of them! the director should be ashamed to have put his name on something so ridiculous.. somehow i don't think an oscar is on the cards for this guy.i have never written a comment on imdb, but this movie was so bad i felt compelled to do so.if you get the chance to see this film, don't 0/10 if there was a 0

for those looking for a sequel for the fine south african miniseries of the 1980s, this isn't it. nor is it a historical drama. rather, it is a dreary little fantasy which has nothing to do with the historical shaka, but merely uses his name to give a certain cachet to sinclair's idiotic story about an african superhero who is a combination of jesus, lincoln, superman, and nelson mandela.on the other hand, there are a few laugh-out-loud moments, as when shaka breaks the cross to which he is chained and kicks some serious slaver butt. you know, like jesus would have done if he hadn't been such a wimp.true, i saw only the 98-minute version, but i can't imagine that twice as much of this crap would have been better.and what kind of a name is mungo?!

revolutions always present opportunities for dramatic films since, in fact, most revolutions are in themselves dramatic events. unfortunately, what this film lacks in drama is compensated for by an overabundance of boredom. one cares not who wins, loses, dies or lives--just end it as soon as possible. this is due in large measure to what seems to me to be a superficial use of background technology. scenes of paris and the french countryside have a cardboard quality about them. they might better be done on a bare stage and left that way. one cannot expect the amazing effects of "the house of the flying daggers" or "the golden compass," but , after all, this is a 2002 digitally mastered production. characters seem to enter a scene for the sake of entering a scene, so much so that one loses count of the number of times character enter and leave rooms. in my view, this film turns the french revolution of the 1790s into the "papier-mache" revolution of a "papier colle" world.

amen to magsel. there was a lot of confusion going on. first off, how do you know which movie you are purchasing? henry cele stars in every one of them. i bought this movie thinking it was the miniseries...what a letdown!! it would have been a comedy but for the young girl being raped. david hasselhoff (spelling?) is ok for popcorn tv but he was not believable in this film (where was his english accent?) and what's with the love story??? the movie was supposed to be about a young man's rise to military power - not the slave ship captain getting jiggly with the english maiden looking for her daddy...if i had paid more than $7 for this movie, i would have to call the police - because that would be a crime!

complete drivel. an unfortunate manifestation of the hypocritical, toxic culture of a decade ago. in this movie, pedestrian regrets for slavery go hand in hand with colonialist subtexts (the annoying redhead feeding shaka rice?). forget historical reality too. didn't most western slaves comes from west africa? an american slaver easily capturing shaka with a handful of men?. finally, david hasslehoff could not have been any more obnoxious. one can only ponder, how would he have fared in the miniseries? (promptly impaled most likely). the miniseries was superb, and it is unfortunate that dh should have gotten his hands on something unique, and made it mundane. (i tend to think that he had hand in creating this fiasco).

as a south african, it's an insult to think that someone was actually paid to produce this nonsense!despite the fact that the director was one of the writers for the original shaka zulu mini, this "addition" to the series is appalling! the original series was based on historical facts about a man who was a great strategist, leader and warrior. a man who played a large role in shaping the history of local tribes in south africa.the plot of this film, however, is nothing but hogwash, scraped from the bottom of the barrel by a writer that has failed to impress since the mid-nineties.while omar sharif and henry cele are good actors, what is david hasselhoff doing here, rescuing drowning slaves with his red buoy and bleached smile?i kept expecting blond, busty women to appear out of nowhere and run across the screen in their tiny red bathing suits, for no apparent reason. not that this would've been any more bizarre than the fantastical plot line that was probably dreamed up after 10 pints of beer at a fancy dress party, where someone's caveman costume inspired the writer to return to an african theme for his next "blockbuster".

yes. i'll admit it. i believed all the hype surrounding this piece of work, about the trials and tribulations of 6 people, living in mexico city concerning their sexual lives. and so, i was really expecting to finally see a mexican movie (in ages) that was both popular and interesting to watch. unfortunately the film was utterly disappointing. the story presents us with two couples, both with very obvious marital problems. when a third party comes into the life of each couple, their problems reach a pivotal point. or absolute absurd. the plot then turns into a battle of the sexes. the stance taken by each group (yes, they literally group, girls with girls and boys with boys) is blatantly stupid and childish (i guess the humor was supposed to be there). and it all goes from bad to worse. the performances range from good (miss zavaleta) to mediocre (mr bichir), with serrano doing an acceptable job on his opera prima. however, the flat circumstances that make up the plot, the one-dimensional characters, the very poor (if not stupid) perception of what sex represents in a mature relationship etc, make the movie fail. miserably. spyl has had an (impressive) good reception at the box-office. believe the hype at your own risk.

i have to say i was really looking forward on watching this film and finding some new life in it that would separate it from most dull and overly crafted mexican films. i have no idea why but i trusted sexo, pudor y lagrimas to be the one to inject freshness and confidence to our non-existent industry. maybe it was because the soundtrack(which i listened to before i saw the film) sounded different from others, maybe it was because it dared to include newer faces(apart from demian bichir who is always a favorite of mexican film directors) and supposedly dealed within it's script with modern social behaviour, maybe because it's photography i saw in the trailers was bright and realistic instead of theatrical. the film turned out to be a major crowd pleaser, and a major letdown. what serrano actually deals here with is the very old fashioned "battle of the sexes" as in "all men are the same" and "why is it that all women...;" blah,blah,blah. nothing new in it, not even that, it uses so much common ground and clichè that it eventually mocks itself without leaving any valuable reflexion on the female/male condition. full of usual tramps on the audience like safe gags about the clichès i talked about before(those always work, always) and screaming performances(it is a well acted film in it's context)..and by screaming i mean, literally. the at first more compelling characters played by monica dionne and demian bichir turn out to be according to serrano the more pathetic ones. i completely disagree with serrano, they shouldn't have been treated that way only to serve as marionettes for his lesson to come through...he made sure we got his message and completely destroyed their roles that were the only solid ground in which this story could have stood. anyway, it is after all, a very entertaining film at times and you will probably have a good time seeing it (if you accept to be manipulated by it).

this movie is complete crap! avoid this waste of celluloid at all costs, it is rambling and incoherent. i pride myself on plumbing the depths of 70's sleaze cinema from everything from salo to salon kitty. i like being shocked, but i need a coherent story. however if watching horses mate gets you off this film is for you. the saddest part was that lame werewolf suit with the functional wang. i mean its just plain hard to sit through, not to mention the acting is terrible and the soundtrack is dubbed badly. please, i know the cover is interesting (what looks like a gorillas hands reaching for a woman's bare ass)but don't waste your time or money as you won't get either back.

completely ridiculous "period" film is only a thin excuse for its extensive, graphic depiction of the heroine's affair with "the beast", a monster who supposedly appears every century to rape some women. that's pretty much what he does, and the film's depiction of the beast is really really awful; it's basically a tall guy in a fur suit with a mask and a huge pvc tube for a hard-on that squirts copious amounts of white liquid. for fans of fake animal porn, i guess maybe this is a real turn-on. i was amused, however, by the opening shots of horses having sex in a public square.

wow. rarely have i felt the need to comment on movies lately, but this one especially is begging for a beatdown. let's start at the beginning. first, writer-director susan montford puts kim basinger in the tired old victim role, complete with the requisite abusive husband and dull suburban existence. let it be said right now that almost all content in this dull movie is completely hackneyed and trite. montford's pathetic attempt at symbolism involving the christmas tree with no star is laughable.when she goes out for some christmas wrapping paper one dark and ominous night, della is furious that somebody double-parked their car on the busiest shopping night of the year. she decides to do something about it, so she leaves a nasty note on the car's windshield. the next fifteen minutes of the movie are devoted to della walking around aimlessly in the shopping mall. when she finally gets to her car, the thugs confront her about the note, a cop is killed, and she runs, and they catch up to her, and she gets away, and they chase her some more, and on and on. everything is completely predictable and uninvolving. the thugs are not scary or menacing at all, and they all get picked off one by one in all the usual ways.this is one of those movies in which all the action depends on the characters being as stupid as you can imagine. why the bad guys don't just kill her instead of waiting for her to hit them with a tire iron is beyond me. and once, just once, in a film like this, does the leader of the pack have to die last? what does it matter that they are all picked off one by one when they are all equally inept? much of the movie simply consists of lukas haas running around in the woods screaming "della!!!" and the inclusion of joy division on the soundtrack of this wretched film is insulting.the part that really made me run for my computer keypad was when della, exhausted and hurt, cries out to the heavens, "where are you, god?" where, indeed, was god when this movie was being made? i give it a 2 only because of competent cinematography and lighting, and it's not as bad as 'btk killer,' the ultimate marker for judging any terrible film. cheers!

i wish more movies were two hours long. on the other hand, i wish more american civil war movies were merely two hours long. "gone with the wind", "gettysburg" - that's about the length i've come to expect; although those two at least entertained for however many hours they lasted; and even "gettysburg" lasted as long as it did because things happened in the course of it.by contrast ang lee's film is bloated and uneventful. it actually feels as if it takes much less than two hours. that wasn't a compliment. it's really no different to any other form of sensory deprivation: at the time it feels as though it will never end, afterwards it seems to have taken no time at all.the film gets off on the wrong foot, as lee plays his interminable credits over the opening footage (bad mistake) in which we are introduced to some characters we take an instant dislike to and will later come to loathe. the central two are jake, the son of german immigrants who are staunch supporters of lincoln, and jack, an equally staunch southerner whose values jake shares. (i had to re-read that sentence to make sure i hadn't written "jack" instead of "jake" at some point or vice versa.) the two go off to become "bushwhackers" - southern militia who so strongly lust after revenge and violence that they can't even be bothered to join the official southern army, which i presume they think is for sissies. i'm afraid lee lost me right there. it's easy to feel for characters who make moral mistakes: if we have some independent reason to like them, or feel as if we know them in some way, then their moral flaws can make us care for them all the more. not so here. we aren't properly introduced to jake for at least an hour; when we are, it becomes clear he's a gormless pimple of a man, who isn't a confederate by choice so much as by habit - the kind of person who says and does what everyone around him says and does, whose psychology is purely immitative. the people he associates with are either just the same or positively evil in some uninteresting way. i found myself cheering whenever the northern cavalry appeared on the screen. i thought: good - kill the rebels, end the damned war, let me go home.aggravating this problem is the horrible, horrible dialogue. everyone speaks in the same whining southern accent. i've heard accents from all over the english-speaking world and this is the worst of them all. i don't care if southerners really did talk like that, it's simply not fair to ask an audience to listen to it for two hours. and believe me, we do listen to it for the full two hours: lee's picture is a talky one, largely because characters take so long to say what they mean in their ungrammatical, say-everything-three-times, folksy drawl. it would help if they talked faster, but not much. can't these people find a more efficient language in which to communicate?in short: the film is little but a gallery of uniformly unattractive characters with no inner life, who talk in an offensively ugly mode of speech, who don't bathe often enough, to whom nothing of interest happens, despite their being involved in a war. good points? jewel was nice to look at, and so was the scenery. but i have complaints even here. the cinematography, nicely framed, looked as if someone had susbtituted colour film for black and white by mistake; and as for jewel, we were teased with her body, but never actually allowed to gaze upon it, which i think is the least we were owed.

some have praised -atlantis:-the lost empire- as a disney adventure for adults. i don't think so--at least not for thinking adults.this script suggests a beginning as a live-action movie, that struck someone as the type of crap you cannot sell to adults anymore. the "crack staff" of many older adventure movies has been done well before, (think the dirty dozen) but -atlantis- represents one of the worse films in that motif. the characters are weak. even the background that each member trots out seems stock and awkward at best. an md/medicine man, a tomboy mechanic whose father always wanted sons, if we have not at least seen these before, we have seen mix-and-match quirks before. the story about how one companion, vinny played by don novello (fr. guido sarducci), went from flower stores to demolitions totally unconvincing.only the main character, milo thatch, a young atlantis-obsessed academic voiced by michael j. fox, has any depth to him. milo's search for atlantis continues that of his grandfather who raised him. the opening scene shows a much younger milo giddily perched on a knee, as his grandfather places his pith helmet on his head.and while the characters were thin at best, the best part about -atlantis- was the voice talent. commander rourke loses nothing being voiced by james garner. although rourke is a pretty stock military type, garner shows his ability to breath life into characters simply by his delivery. garner's vocal performance is the high point. i'm sorry to say leonard nimoy's dying king is nothing more than obligatory. additionally, don novello as the demolition expert, vinny santorini, was also notable for one or two well-done, funny lines--but i've always liked father guido sarducci, anyway.also well done was the computer animation. the background animation, that is. the character animation does nothing if not make already flat characters appear even flatter. aside from landscapes, buildings and vehicles there isn't much to impress.the plot was the worst. some say hackneyed or trite. i'm not so sure about that. any serviceable plot can be made into something new with the proper treatment. shakespeare often started from a known story and plot and was famous only for putting on a new coat of paint. so the treatment is the thing. and -atlantis- obviously lacks that.i cannot begin to go into all the logic gaps without a spoiler section. the plot was bad. the plot's bridges snap like twine and the ending does not make sense. to add to that, the script and the animation is peppered with annoying sloppiness.** spoilers **right at the beginning when milo reveals that runic or celtic symbols have been wrongly transliterated and the "coast of ireland" should read the "coast of iceland", we begin to have problems. the writers of the script would need to know the british take for eire or eireann as "ireland", and completely ignore the older, latin term hibernia. but more than this, they need to know of the vikings conspiracy to call the greener island iceland and the icier island greenland.by making it the matter of a mis-tranliterated "letter", the writers have doomed themselves to requiring a runic version of english and a post-roman date on the script. since this is long after atlantis was supposed to have sunk into its undersea cave. and without visible clues and less technology than milo had, made the inscription far less trustworthy.the shepherd's journal could not be written before the sinking of atlantis, or it would know nothing about the cave or the crystal lying "in the king's eye". it must have been written after the sinking, but without even the technology that milo's expedition had, how the heck did anybody get by the leviathan. so how could it know more about anything after that? and why would it be written in atlantian?automatic writing and clairvoyance or astral travel can explain these things. however clairvoyance and astral travel do not require to write in atlantian. so it's got to be some sort automatic writing. since no-one left in atlantis can read, it must be the spirits of the crystal beaming messages to the surface. this would have made more sense. but could also have been explained within the movie: milo could shepherd have discovered that this power had been calling him all his life--appeared in dreams, etc. this needed to be explored in the movie.the atlantians should simply not be able to comprehend modern languages. no-one expects that the original indo-europeans would be able to converse in europe, anymore than romans would understand that hard "c"s or their day became french "ch"s (pronounced like "sh"s, no less!)current atlantians were alive before the cataclysm--when apparently they *could* read, yet now are unable to read what they used to, or operate similar machinery.the mass illiteracy points out a crucial flaw in the movie. nothing seems to have happened to this culture. it seems suspended in air until milo can rescue it. even though it appears that life is not a constant struggle for survival, no-one wants to compose poetry or write novels and perhaps it is a combination of atlantian school systems going downhill toward the end and lack of good fiction that caused atlantis to fall into illiteracy.kida can be excused for not knowing how to read or operate the machinery if she was so young when the cataclysm of stupidity set in--but any of it **hardly** qualifies her father for deification!! kashakim's foolishness almost single-handedly wiped his people from existence. killed a bunch in the cataclysm, stalled progress (not a lot killed here, but he oversaw a massive slide in culture and progress) until someone could take the crystal to kill everybody, if they weren't boiled in lava first because the giant robots weren't there to protect them.a bolt of blue electricity should have shattered kashakim's likeness, when kida tried joining her father's image to the circle of great kings of atlantis!even though milo was the only one who could read atlantian, rourke and others knew enough to look through a book of gibberish and find a page on a crystal--which he knew to be a crystal and not some stylized astrological or "phases of the sun" diagram.if milo's grandfather had told rourke about it, it still does not explain how rourke would have suffered from milo's reading it as part of the book. ripping out the page--which was dog-eared in rourke's hand, even though milo found no sign of a torn page in the book apparently--only was there to tip off the viewer that "something was not quite right". unless the word "crystal" would have set alarms off in milo's head that somebody would try to steal it, milo would have suspected nothing. it's just thick-headed foreshadowing.the crew's "double-cross" was not a character change. we learned that vinny, sweet, audrey and cookie had been going along with rourke from the beginning. however, the "change of heart" falls flat. it was a change, and needed to be better motivated. hard to do with characters who weren't given anything to begin with.niggling little bit that the lava flows up over the dome, instead of filling in the rest of the area that we view the sequence from. it's liquid; it will not flow over the protective dome until it fills up all lower areas.the ending stinks!-- and makes no sense other than to appease political correctness. with it's powersource restored, atlantis is no longer a weak power, needing coddling. the giant robot guardians and the sky-cycles shooting blue lightning suggest that they have less to fear from us than they might. the technology is superior to ours, and definitely to early 20th-century. in the end milo needs to teach the atlantians to read, for what? the whole idea is to leave their little quiet, chastened culture alone, not to send it into hyperdrive.** end spoilers **perhaps, the lost world plot and the turn-of-the-century setting should give me a hint that this is more an homage to pulps. the failures i find with the film agree with this idea. but i am at a loss why i should pay to see thin characters and plot holes simply because many dime novels had them as well. and pulp stories is part of the "crap they can't sell adults anymore", anyway. we have become a bit more sophisticated and our pulp needs to grow up as well. raiders of the lost ark lost none of its pulp feel and avoided so much badness.4 out of 10--the movie is enjoyable but as i think about the plot, it seeps ever lower.

some have praised _atlantis:_the_lost_empire_ as a disney adventure for adults. i don't think so--at least not for thinking adults.this script suggests a beginning as a live-action movie, that struck someone as the type of crap you cannot sell to adults anymore. the "crack staff" of many older adventure movies has been done well before, (think _the dirty dozen_) but _atlantis_ represents one of the worse films in that motif. the characters are weak. even the background that each member trots out seems stock and awkward at best. an md/medicine man, a tomboy mechanic whose father always wanted sons, if we have not at least seen these before, we have seen mix-and-match quirks before. the story about how one companion, vinny played by don novello (fr. guido sarducci), went from flower stores to demolitions totally unconvincing.only the main character, milo thatch, a young atlantis-obsessed academic voiced by michael j. fox, has any depth to him. milo's search for atlantis continues that of his grandfather who raised him. the opening scene shows a much younger milo giddily perched on a knee, as his grandfather places his pith helmet on his head.and while the characters were thin at best, the best part about _atlantis_ was the voice talent. perhaps milo's depth is no thicker than fox's charm. commander rourke loses nothing being voiced by james garner. although rourke is a pretty stock military type, garner shows his ability to breath life into characters simply by his delivery. garner's vocal performance is the high point. i'm sorry to say leonard nimoy's dying king is nothing more than obligatory. additionally, don novello as the demolition expert, vinny santorini, was also notable for one or two well-done, funny lines--but i've always liked father guido sarducci, anyway. also well done was the computer animation. the background animation, that is. the character animation has not been this bad for disney since the minimalism that drove don bluth out the door. the character animation does nothing if not make already flat characters appear even flatter. aside from landscapes, buildings and vehicles there isn't much to impress.the plot was the worst. some say hackneyed or trite. i'm not so sure about that. any serviceable plot can be made into something new with the proper treatment. shakespeare often started from a known story and plot and was famous only for putting on a new coat of paint. so the treatment is the thing. and _atlantis_ obviously lacks that.i cannot begin to go into all the logic gaps without a spoiler section. the plot was bad. the plot's bridges snap like twine and the ending does not make sense. to add to that, the script and the animation is peppered with annoying sloppiness.** spoilers **1. right at the beginning when milo reveals that runic or celtic symbols have been wrongly transliterated and the "coast of ireland" should read the "coast of iceland", we begin to have problems. the writers of the script would need to know the british take for eire or eireann as "ireland", and completely ignore the older, latin term hibernia. but more than this, they need to know of the vikings conspiracy to call the greener island iceland and the icier island greenland. by making it the matter of a mis-tranliterated "letter", the writers have doomed themselves to requiring a runic version of english and a post-roman date on the script. since this is long after atlantis was supposed to have sunk into its undersea cave. and without visible clues and less technology than milo had, made the inscription far less trustworthy.2. the shepard's journal could not be written before the sinking of atlantis, or it would know nothing about the cave or the crystal lying "in the king's eye". it must have been written after the sinking, but without even the technology that milo's expedition had, how the heck did anybody get by the leviathan. so how could it know more about anything after that? and why would it be written in atlantian? automatic writing and clairvoyance or astral travel can explain these things. however clairvoyance and astral travel do not require the shepard to write in atlantian. so it's got to be some sort automatic writing. since noone left in atlantis can read, it must be the spirits of the crystal beaming messages to the surface. this would have made more sense. but could also have been explained within the movie: milo could have discovered that this power had been calling him all his life--appeared in dreams, etc. this needed to be explored in the movie.3. the atlantians should simply not be able to comprehend modern languages. no-one expects that the original indo-europeans would be able to converse in europe, anymore than romans would understand that hard "c"s or their day became french "ch"s (pronounced like "sh"s, no less!)4. current atlantians were alive before the cataclysm--when apparently they *could* read, yet now are unable to read what they used to, or operate similar machinery. 5. the mass illiteracy points out a crucial flaw in the movie. nothing seems to have happened to this culture. it seems suspended in air until milo can rescue it. even though it appears that life is not a constant struggle for survival, no-one wants to compose poetry or write novels and perhaps it is a combination of atlantian school systems going downhill toward the end and lack of good fiction that caused atlantis to fall into illiteracy.5. kida can be excused for not knowing how to read or operate the machinery if she was so young when the cataclysm of stupidity set in--but any of it **hardly** qualifies her father for deification!! kashakim's foolishness almost single-handedly wiped his people from existence. killed a bunch in the cataclysm, stalled progress (not a lot killed here, but he oversaw a massive slide in culture and progress) until someone could take the crystal to kill everybody, if they weren't boiled in lava first because the giant robots weren't there to protect them. a bolt of blue electricity should have shattered kashakim's likeness, when kida tried joining her father's image to the circle of great kings of atlantis! 6. even though milo was the only one who could read atlantian, rourke and others knew enough to look through a book of gibberish and find a page on a crystal--which he knew to be a crystal and not some stylized astrological or "phases of the sun" diagram.7. if milo's grandfather had told rourke about it, it still does not explain what how rourke would have suffered from milo's reading it as part of the book. ripping out the page--which was dog-eared in rourke's hand, even though milo found no sign of a torn page in the book apparently--only was there to tip off the viewer that "something was not quite right". unless the word "crystal" would have set alarms off in milo's head that somebody would try to steal it, milo would have suspected nothing. it's just thick-headed foreshadowing.8. the crew's "double-cross" was not a character change. we learned that vinny, sweet, audrey and cookie had been going along with rourke from the beginning. however, the "change of heart" falls flat. it was a change, and needed to be better motivated. hard to do with characters who weren't given anything to begin with.9. niggling little bit that the lava flows up over the dome, instead of filling in the rest of the area that we view the sequence from. it's liquid; it will not flow over the protective dome until it fills up all lower areas.10. the ending stinks!-- and makes no sense other than to appease political correctness. with it's powersource restored, atlantis is no longer a weak power, needing coddling. the giant robot guardians and the sky-cycles shooting blue lightning suggest that they have less to fear from us than they might. the technology is superior to ours, and definitely to early 20th-century. in the end milo needs to teach the atlantians to read, for what? the whole idea is to leave their little quiet, chastened culture alone, not to send it into hyperdrive. ** end spoilers **perhaps, the lost world plot and the turn-of-the-century setting should give me a hint that this is more an homage to pulps. the failures i find with the film agree with this idea. but i am at a loss why i should pay to see thin characters and plot holes simply because many dime novels had them as well. and pulp stories is part of the "crap they can't sell adults anymore", anyway. we have become a bit more sophisticated and our pulp needs to grow up as well. raiders of the lost ark lost none of its pulp feel and avoided so much badness.4 out of 10--the movie is enjoyable but as i think about the plot, it seeps ever lower.

i went to see this one with much expectation. quite unfortunately the dialogue is utterly stupid and overall the movie is far from inspiring awe or interest. even a child can see the missing logic to character's behaviors. today's kids need creative stories which would inspire them, which would make them 'daydream' about the events. that's precisely what happened with movies like e.t. and star wars a decade ago. (how many kids imagined about becoming jedi knights and igniting their own lightsabers?) seriously don't waste your time & money on this one.

if the makers of atlantis had something to say in this film, its theme was (literally) drowned out by the emphasis on "special effects" over characterization. almost as if in an attempt to "keep up" with the rest of the summer action blockbusters, disney has ditched the character-driven, movie-with-a-message approach in favor of a star wars "shoot-'em-up" with stereotype heroes and villains.the art is cartoony and the producers think that they can rely on computer generated images (cgi) of flying fish-craft and submarines to fill the gap. they are wrong, and the days of beautiful, handcrafted animation is fast flying out the window in favor of assembly-line cgi.this movie is all spectacle with no heart. at times the film comes close to being a good, worthwhile movie, but frustratingly misses the mark so many times by copping out of talking about something meaningful and instead choosing to go with the glitz.another problem with the movie is the pacing. it starts confusingly and then begins to rocket along with a choppy story editing style that is not appreciated. the viewer is rushed out of the door along with milo thatch (voiced well by michael j. fox) and is left thinking "gee there must be an awful lot of stuff that's going to happen once we get to atlantis". unfortunately, not much happens. the secret of atlantis remains a secret with the story-tellers not really knowing how to explain the legendary island/continent. they are afraid to commit to saying where atlantis is, even in a fictional story. is it in the atlantic? is it in the mediterranean sea? who knows? nothing is hypothesized, even from a purely fantasy-based point of view. the viewer will leave the theatre asking themselves "now what was that all about? what was the point of the movie? why couldn't the surviving atlantean's remember how to read when many of them lived through the disaster to the "present" day? and why did atlantis sink?" and then promptly begin to forget about what they saw. there is nothing left to think about or mill over... except the loss of money in their wallets.the characters and their motivations are equally unfathomable. from the eccentric zillionaire who founds the expedition with seemingly more money that existed on the entire planet in 1914, to the (spoiler) collective consciousness that enters kida and voluntarily deserts its people!?! the crew are a collection of quirky, 2-dimensional people of anachronistically (for 1914) p.c. race and gender. the demolitions expert talks like he came right out of a warner brothers' bugs bunny short. most of the jokes are gross one-liners that are largely missed by the audience for two reasons: they are delivered at lightning-speed pacing and usually mumbled. the way these supporting players do a moral turn-around near the end of the movie is hard to believe.while we applaud disney for trying to create animated movies for adults - and this is the first disney not to have cute, talking animals or objects - it fails to make the transition. younger children will be frightened by some of the action scenes and be left in the dark by the large amount of subtitles (when the characters speak atlantean). in the first five minutes of the expedition, approximately 200 people are killed without a second thought. obviously disney thinks that if you didn't know who those people were, then why should you care? again, the movie has no feelings on any level.mulan and tarzan were the last animated movies produced by disney that were done extremely well. sadly, atlantis harkens back to those failed attempts in the past such as the black cauldron and hunchback of notre dame. disney needs to get back to their roots. a sequel to peter pan is coming out shortly but one never knows what the results will be until you see it for yourself. and now that disney has discovered science fiction one hopes that they will realize that that genre must have more than spectacle to it. we also hope that the upcoming "treasure planet", a sci-fi adaptation of robert l. stevenson's "treasure island", will have more heart to it than the unfathomable "atlantis: the lost empire".

final score (an average of various classic cinematic qualities- acting, visuals, creativity, payoff, humor, fun, ect):4.3 (out of 10)had "atlantis: the lost empire" come out a few years ago it would have seemed like a bold, serious new direction in disney animation. however, it comes just a year after the innovative and nearly genius "the emperor's new groove" and marks a step back in freeing disney from it's repetative "disney formula". i'm a big fan of the feature length disney animated films. have to see them all love it or hate it. "atlantis" is an animated throwback to "20,000 leagues under the sea" and similar live-action sci-fi adventures of the 50s and 60s. problem is that this version hardly contains one original idea. it feels like a remake of something, even more so than actual disney remakes(tarzan, the hunchback of notre dame). the characters are little more than a walking cliches of the usual suspects that typically populate these type of films (the oddball mechanic, the gung ho general, the sassy tough women). beyond milo thatch (fox) and rourke (garner) the supporting cast is flat-out obnoxious. the movie also suffers from it's succinct pace. instead of fleshing it out into an epic story, disney jams a lot in the usually brief running time brushing over opportunities to develop...suspence, characters, anything really. they thow us into this new and wonderous world and barely let us get our barings. the awkward pace sometimes makes confusing what is a relatively simple story. the animation is dark and dreary and cheap. this thing looks like a slapped together saturday morning cartoon. let's hope they haven't forgotten that 2d traditional animation can still be wonderous. "the iron giant" among others proved that.negatives: the visuals, pace, and sheer lack of originality.positives: quite possibly the coolest death scene for a disney villain in a long time. it's the creative highlight of the movie.

follows the usual formula in putting a new recruit -- this time the first african-american (cuba gooding) after president truman desegregates the armed forces -- through the u. s. navy's deep-sea diver training program that is run by a racist zealot (robert deniro). if the program weren't bad enough, it's got to be located in bayonne, new jersey.there's nothing wrong with the performances. robert de niro activates his southern accent and shouts gibberish effectively. cuba gooding, raised by a stern father as a poor black farm boy in the south, is the expectable paragon of rectitude. the girls -- one could hardly call them women -- are charleze theron and lonette mckee. they have minor roles and are mostly there to argue that their men should exercise common sense. other decent performers -- powers boothe and hal holbrook -- have even more perfunctory roles.that's about it. almost everything else could have been assembled by a computer. a ship is called a boat. robert de niro salutes indoors, uncovered. after a brutal assault on hospital personnel, he's transferred out of his outfit instead of being busted. somebody shouts "i'm outta here" in the early 1950s. (maybe it was a common expression at the time. if so, "my bad.") people address each other by rank -- "lieutenant", "boatswain's mate," "commander," as they do in the army, whereas in the navy they are simple "mister" (if an officer) or addressed by their last name (if enlisted). i didn't bother to check if there was a rank called "senior master chief" in 1950.cuba gooding has a tough row to hoe. everyone in the navy, it seems, hates negroes except for one guy from wisconsin. he stutters and is held in contempt by the others in his class. it's like the scene in "animal house", in which the applicant to a tony fraternity is asked to wait in a room with a sikh, a black man, and a blind kid.gooding is an enlisted man, a second class petty officer. he manages to marry a beautiful woman who has just graduated from medical school. in one of their arguments she pleads with him. she just wants to be a doctor and he should join her, quit the navy, and lead a quiet life. "and just let life pass you by?", he retorts. yes. yes, just be a doctor's spouse and let life pass you by. you can wave to it from the golf course in boca raton.these kinds of flicks were common enough in world war ii. "bombardier," "airial gunner," that sort of thing. cheap as they often were, they had some educational features. you learned something about becoming a bombardier or a gunner. here, the technical details are skipped over, perhaps because the writer knew nothing about them (except boyle's law, which we learned in high-school chemistry).i couldn't follow what was happening during some of the emergencies without which a movie like this wouldn't exist. if i got the mechanical problems right, it was because i guessed correctly. the direction is no help either. the movie abounds in close ups, so many that they lose any dramatic impact they might have had. and the emergencies are confusing because they're ill focused.why go on? want to see a better example of this kind of movie? almost any will do -- except maybe "g. i. jane", in which the abused hero is a heroin. try the training camp scenes in "the young lions." there the victim is a jew. or try "from here to eternity," in which no easy sympathy buttons are pushed and the victim is a grown man who refuses to bend and who is active in bringing the conflict on, just like "cool hand luke." no easy excuses are offered, because easy excuses are too easy.thoroughly formulaic, and not well done.

chinese ghost story iii is a totally superfluous sequel to two excellent fantasy films. the film delivers the spell-casting special effects that one can expect, but fails painfully on all other fronts. the actors all play extremely silly caricatures. you have to be still in diapers to find their slapstick humor even remotely funny. the plot is predictable, and the development is sometimes erratic and often slow. towards the end, the movie begins to resemble old godzilla films, including shabby larger-than-life special effects and a (well, yet another) ghost with a godzilla head. maybe i would have grinned if i was expecting camp.it is astonishing to see what trash fantasy fans have to put up with - in this case because somebody thought they could squeeze a little extra money out of a successful formula. they won't be able to do it again: the cash cow is now dead as a dodo.

spoiler warning.when the main character's sister is pushed down the stairs, the killer breaks a glass of vodka next to her, to make it appear that she's been drinking. but right before she is killed, tells her sister's business partner (teri garr) on the phone that she hasn't had a drink in 4 days. yet the police never mention the results of a toxicology report! and, the characters talk about her being drunk when she fell down the stairs. huh? really bad mistake in this movie, which is pretty awful, overall. surprisingly bad, considering the great cast. some faults: the writing isn't very good, the music is made-for-tv bad, and there is no tension at all because we already know the answer to the mystery from the first scene in the movie.

the first half hour or so of this movie i liked. the obvious budding romance between ingrid bergman and mel ferrer was cute to watch and i wanted to see the inevitable happen between them. however, once the action switched to the home of ingrid's fiancé, it all completely fell apart. instead of romance and charm, we see some excruciatingly dopey parallel characters emerge who ruin the film. the fiancé's boorish son and the military attaché's vying for the maid's attention looked stupid--sort of like a subplot from an old love boat episode. how the charm and elegance of the first portion of the film can give way to dopiness is beyond me. this film is an obvious attempt by renoir to recapture the success he had with the rules of the game, as the movie is very similar once the action switches to the country estate (just as in the other film). i was not a huge fan of the rules of the game, but elena and her men had me appreciating the artistry and nuances of the original film.

where to begin? #1 amitabh's son, played by akshaye khanna, is 30.amitabh's been in prison for 33+ years... hea) telepathically transmitted the sperm home?b) asked a nice pakistani guard to mail it for him?c) they allow conjugal visits in secret pakistani jailsd) all of the abovee) the producers were having a little too much bhang atthe time they approved the script?#2) amrita rao (yummm!) wants khanna - he's yum, yum, yummy... and apparently he wants her - who wouldn't, right?!... but, when her dad gets ratted out, and then killed (i hardly think this is a 'spoiler' as you'd have to be brain-dead and blind not to see this coming in the film) he's pretty emotionless towards this catastrophe and with the tip (metaphorically) of his hat, leaves her behind to save his dad, never mind her loss, and says (paraphrasing) "if god wills it, we'll meet again"... basically meaning, "i'm gonna get my dad and my job done, sorry for your loss - cya! buh bye!" - callus beyond even low-life hollywood standards...#3) there are so many holes in this horrible waste of time called a movie, that you can drive all the jeeps, trucks camels and any extra stuff through it. pass - really, complete and total waste of time - oh! there is a great dance sequence (yes, only one - as in dance sequence - regardless of quality) great belly dancing - but not worth watching just for this.rent veer-zaara or lakshya (will hrithik roshan ever take acting lessons?) for better indo-pak conflict movies... in fact, veer-zaara is pretty damned good - 7.5/8 i'd say!

come on! get over with the pakistan bashing guys. bollywood can not only make brilliant movies- but can seriously affect a generation of viewers.i am a huge bollywood fan- but anti-pakistan movies just make me wince too much to enjoy screenplay, cinematography, action sequences- everything.i'm really happy to see that viewers on both sides of the border are rejecting propaganda, and there are movies like main hoon na out there that have done brilliantly not only because they deserved to because of the quality of its bollywood masala- but also because it tries to say: give peace a chance and shows that there are crazies out there on both sides who do not represent the masses.

the writing of the journalists and the required over eager reckless press officer and sobbing grandma was ham-fisted and cliché ridden.i cant blame the actors, but surely someone must have said "are you joking i cant say this!"this episode had a press perspective and police perspective, while the police perspective was standard enough, the press perspective and characterization was overdrawn exaggerated and at points insultingly unbelievable.i notice that this was an hbo co production, if so then perhaps the sledgehammer stereotypes can be explained in that light,i was completely cringing during the press conference scene. it lacked any credibility and did not remotely ring true. 40 minutes into the first episode and i am still waiting for the suspense.skip five daysthis. the 2008/9 production with these characters is far better and more suspenseful even if the crime is over the top.this story had unforgivable moments which can only be described as staggeringly unbelievable.for a press officer to start a press conference without an investigating officer present to take press questions.so unbelievable it felt like amateur hour.i then began looking for journalists called "scoop" and for perry white to make an appearance.i saw the 2009 hunter before "five days"made it to australia, not realizing it was a prequel and was looking forward to bonneville and mcteer going around again.head shakingly awful.

i cannot believe that i wasted five hours of my life on this rubbish. the previous five day offering by this author was highly enjoyable and i was really looking forward to this. but most of the dialogue was completely incomprehensible. suranne jones was the principal culprit since she either mumbled or gabbled her lines, but most of the rest of the cast followed her example. notable exceptions were bernard hill and anne reid, old stagers whose diction was exemplary. do producers not listen to productions before they are aired to make sure the dialogue is audible? as a result i suppose i lost track of what was going on, and since the original plot line seemed to metamorphose into to the standard them-and-us thing between muslims and the rest i soon lost interest. the ending was a complete anti-climax. a complete dud.

if you don't mind having your emotions toyed with, then you won't mind this movie. on the other hand, if you enjoy british crime mysteries, following clues and seeing how they all logically fall into place at the end, you'll be very disappointed.here are some of the logical inconsistencies that lead to that disappointment: * while the police utilize the cctv cameras early on to gather clues about the mystery, the huge truck that stopped and blocked the children's view just before her disappearance doesn't get caught on camera. this is a critical piece of the mystery. it's inconsistent to have the car the children were in caught on camera and not the big truck that is so critical to the mystery.* the movie goes to great lengths to show the sophistication of the equipment in tracking down the children's movements but misses the opportunity to utilize the same sophisticated equipment is tracking down vehicles that may have entered the crime scene from camera-visible locations adjacent to the crime scene as part of developing clues.* in england, driving is on the left. the director goes out of his way to have the car at the crime scene park on the right, several meters away from the flower kiosk, when it could have easily parked immediately behind, or even on the side; as the huge truck did.* the police forensics team is so meticulous as to find a discarded cell phone in a sewer drain several miles from the scene of the crime, but can't find any blood evidence from the head injury right at the crime scene, even though they secured the scene just hours after the disappearance and with no intervening rainfall.* search dogs were not used at all to find the missing children; this from the country that is well known for developing the hound dog for search and hunting.* it is illogical that such a highly publicized news story would not turn up the presumably innocent truck driver that stopped at the flower kiosk.* it is illogical that the mother would go to such extremes and expend so much effort to leave carpet fiber clues under her fingernails for her eventual murder investigators –even coaxing her daughter to do the same-- while she simply could not have crawled out of the unguarded mobile home. if she had enough sense about her to ask her daughter to get carpet fibers under her nails, she could of just as easily asked her daughter to call out for help or even leave the mobile home that was in a crowded residential park.* the suspect that abducted the little girl was portrayed as mentally slow/dimwitted --justifying his unknowingly drowning of the mother— but, he was smart enough not to cooperate with the police and also fully exercise his rights not to self-incriminate.there are more inconsistencies like this that will lead to a true sleuth aficionado's disappointment. 'five days' is a very weak british crime story.

what a let down! this started with an intriguing mystery and interesting characters. admittedly it moved along at the speed of a snail, but i was nevertheless gripped and kept watching.david morrissey is always good value and he suranne jones were good leads. the muslim aspects were very interesting. we were tantalised with possible terrorist connections.but then morrissey's character was killed off and all the air left the balloon. the last episode was dull, dull, dull. the whole thing turned out to be very small beer and the dénouement was unbelievably feeble.five hours of my life for that? my advice: watch paint dry instead.

i have grown up with scooby doo all my life, my dad grew up with scooby doo. we have just watched the first episode of the travesty that calls itself shaggy and scooby get a clue. what planet are warner bros on allowing this shambles to air. the characters could have been drawn better by my younger sister. the story could have been better written by my 3 year old twin cousins (who are scooby doo fans too). scooby and shaggy just aren't!!!!! if anyone but casey kasem does the voice of shaggy it just isn't gonna work folks!!!! trust me.this program was disgraceful. what's new scooby doo is much better. why change a winning format. bin this piece of garbage and go back to the true scooby

this movie was, as homer simpson would have put it, "more boring than church." maybe i don't understand it well enough, and i thought it started out pretty well, but after (start of spoiler) hermann braun is sent to jail and maria starts working/sleeping with her boss it just started to drag, and i struggled to keep awake. again, maybe it symbolizes something, but the explosion at the end seemed very forced and out of place. (end of spoiler). in the end, i fail to see why others think it's so great, as i found it extremely boring. by the way, i did not watch this movie by my own free will, as i was required to see it for a film class.

i disagree with much that has been written and said about this supposed "masterpiece" of the german new wave: 1) there are major flaws in simple exposition, in the basic communication of critical plot points, as relating to maria's abortion and the secret contract between oswald and her husband. how many viewers understood that the husband agreed, in exchange for substantial financial remuneration, not to return to and reclaim his wife until oswald was dead?2) the ending is highly unsatisfying because arbitrary and accidental. the original screenplay called for maria to commit suicide after the reading of oswald's will, on finding out that her husband had in effect sold their marriage to oswald. in the final version, however, maria only runs water from a faucet across her wrist in a gesture of suicide. maria is then summarily blown up, rather than having to confront and live with the consequences of her self-delusion and moral compromise.3) fassbinder seeks to forcibly superimpose the public on the private, the political on the personal. contrary to what the critics and "experts" assert, i don't think it works. merely intruding historic radio news or the sound of the jackhammers of german reconstruction in the soundtrack on the dramatic events of the movie does not make those historical events integral to the drama. the selfish ambition of maria's rise from poverty to prosperity is meant to parallel the so-called economic miracle of postwar germany. maria is thus intended to be a woman specific to and reflective of her time and place, but is in reality unoriginal and nonspecific. women have been asserting their independence by using sex for self-advancement for ages. 4) lastly, there are several instances of inexcusable sloppiness and amateurishness -- fassbinder's drug addiction and consequent impatience and inattention have had their effect. unknown people talk off screen without ever being seen; music is clumsily intrusive in places; and melodramatic posturing sporadically substitutes for acting.strangely, for a movie condemning a country for willful collective amnesia of the holocaust, it itself never mentions it once.

poor robert englund makes another flop and to the expense of tobe hooper who usually makes pretty good horror movies but he failed pretty bad at this one. englund plays the well known marque de sade who in the 17th century was enprisoned for his obsession of pain and the pleasure of bringing pain upon himself as well as watching others also be in pain. the story is so confusing with the flip flop from one century to another and i became confused as to what was going on and what was the purpose of this movie. all i saw was a young lady that became entrapped by a strange lesbian who desides to keep her to herself and the young lady became fascinated by this arabian with alot of money and finds out that he's out to have her killed and then englund steps in from one century to another claiming to be a descendent of the de sade and tries to kill her because she reminded him of the madam momoselle(spelled that wrong) or whoever it was in the picture above de sades wall. the movie was terrible, i am surprised at hooper for hireing englund in this film and the special effects were so fake and laughable, especially the part about the eyes. englund tries to make a comeback from his once hit move "nightmare on elm st." by using these pull in and out needles to put out peoples eyes. terrible, absolutely terrible.

this is one of those movies you see in the video store that you just have to get because it just looks so horribly bad. and indeed, we couldn't take most of it. there was a lot of fast-forwarding going on.but then we came across a scene where robert englund seduces the female protagonist (her name somehow slips my mind at this time). cripes. i've never watched a single scene from a film so many times (i'm estimating forty or so). and i've never laughed so hard in my life. you see, englund has this thing for showing off his loins. i last saw the film a couple months ago, but i can't stop laughing as i type. anyway, the scene is a montage of shots-- englund ripping off the lingerie of the girl, englund riding a horse naked, and some mysterious woman fellating a snake's head. this is absolute genius. you've got to see it for yourself.

tobe hooper is quite possibly the biggest fluke the horror genre has to offer. like any other horror fan, i loved the texas chainsaw, but i think that in order to put your name in front on a movie title, you should have at least more than one hit movie. i can't really think of any other movie hooper has done (on his own, don't count poltergeist) that has really made an impact on the horror genre or film world. and this movie, night terrors, just backs up my point.poor robert englund, i give him credit for at least doing a good job with the awful material he was given. he did what he could. as for the movie itself? pure drudge. unnecessary nude scenes every five minutes, a story that must have been penned in an our, and really just awful scenery, music, and cinematography. nothing in this film is redeemable. don't waste your time.overall, 1 out of 10. i feel sorry for hooper, his career seems like it was over before it really ever got started. i hope that he's able to pump out at least one more good flick, that way he can do his cult status some justice.

genie (zoe trilling) arrives in egypt to visit her hypocritical, bible-quoting archeologist father (william finley) and attracts the attention of a group of cultists led by a descendant of the marquis de sade (robert englund). englund also plays de sade in flashbacks, ranting in his cell. genie is led astray by mohammed (juliano merr), who rides around naked on a horse and sabina (alona kamhi), a bisexual who introduces her to opium smoking, which leads to a wild hallucination featuring topless harem dancers, a woman simulating oral sex on a snake, an orgy and her father preaching in the background! meanwhile, black hooded cult members decapitate, gouge out eyeballs and slit throats. when genie is slipped drugs in her tea, she imagines de sade hanging from a cross, a gold-painted woman in a leafy g-string and herself bloody on a bed covered in snakes. it's all because she's the reincarnation of de sade's lost love.this typically sleazy harry alan towers production is redundant, seedy and pretty senseless, but the sets, costumes, cinematography and location work are all excellent and at least there's always something going on.score: 3 out of 10

the marquis de sade, egypt, ancient gnostic cults, robert englund in a dual role, gratuitous sex and nudity, murder and mayhem... on paper tobe hopper's night terrors sounds like it should be at least a fun, entertaining flick given the ingredients. it's not. it is a plot less, incoherent shambles that brings little entertainment. there is basically no plot beyond some vague stuff about a cult that follows the work of de sade who for some unclear reason feel the need to seduce the daughter of a local christian archaeologist and kill her. that is pretty much it- i think it has something to with the gnostics but who knows what the writers were thinking. most of the movie is a meandering mess as the heroine is exposed to various weirdness, dream sequences and erotic encounters, intercut with scenes of englund as the imprisoned de sade in the 19th century chewing the scenery. it seems like the makers were trying for something serious but whatever their pretensions were they are buried in the cheesiness, bad acting, sleaze and fake looking decapitated heads.there aren't too many good points. robert englund is fun to watch, as always and the lead actress, zoe trilling, whilst not very talented, is attractive and in various stages of undress through the movie but watching night terrors is a chore. at least i got to see the movie from which the "when you're as criminal as i" bit from the australian film certification ratings guide that was on the front of so many vhs tapes from the nineties came from.

i don't know much about tobe hooper, or why he gets his name in the title, but maybe he shouldn't have bothered. as another commenter mentioned, there isn't really enough horror or erotica to bring in fans of either genre. the plot is incoherent, the sade sequences are gratuitous, and most of the acting is so-so. englund was doing his best with weak material, and zoe trilling has a really great bottom, but neither is enough to carry this film. this one's a tape-over. grade: f

what a mess!! why was this movie made? this, and other movies of its "caliber" should be teaching tools on how not to make a movie. children may like it, but anyone over 10 may or will disapprove. to make matters worse was the fact that such great talent like whoopi goldberg and armin mueller stahl were entirely wasted in a film unworthy of any notice.

this movie was astonishing. it is beyond atrocious. i often get together with a group of friends and go to the movie store to find awful movies to watch for their comedic value. my friend suggested this one, but as we watched it, people began to leave. i really wanted to finish it, just so that i could say that i had, but i was unable to. it's that bad. horrible running gags, lame acting. the main characters are an annoying dinosaur klutz and whoopi goldberg. i would rather watch costener's the postman twelve times in a row than see a fraction of this movie again. i think they try to deal with some dinosaur discrimination issues, but the part of the movie that really stands out is the dinosaur constantly knocking things over with his tail, and then guffawing about it. it hurts. watch it if you're an aspiring masochist, otherwise, leave this one alone.

no matter what anyone tells you, there is a mere fact to the word "possession" in film circles -- such as "what possessed you to greenlight this film?" religion doesn't have anything to do with it, but common sense does. that is, if your head is clear and you are of sound mind to make a judgment.on many levels i tried to rationalize where this film would entertain....or even interest the average consumer. the star? the story? the unique idea? a buddy movie that kids would love with a dinosaur and a black woman? on, my goodness! i am sure when this was an "idea", it sounded good. but somewhere during the course of development...someone should have pointed out where the idea could not translate into a piece of entertainment anyone would wish to watch or pay for...unless they were very much deeply under the influence of alcohol or drugs and saw something the rest of us could not see.regardless, this is a complete mess. mess, mess - sin and a mess.who cares about the plot (what plot?) et al. whoopie got a paycheck, but i would have been embarrassed to take it. i sure hope she fired her agent/manager/publicist over this career move. obviously not, she went on to make more bad films. and more bad films. sad.

this is, without a doubt, the single worst movie ever created. there's no arguing here. this is it. end of story. the story is juvenile and sub-moronic, looking like it was created by a three-year-old fascinated with dinosaurs. the entire concept is just plain dumb. it's inconceivable how someone could possibly come up with something so stupid and think it was entertaining. the jokes are also completely lame. if you haven't seen this movie yet, consider yourself lucky. if your morbidly curious as to how bad this movie is, please don't make me describe it. words can't express how completely awful this movie is. this isn't just bad as in being a bad movie. even those have cohesion, if not entertainment value. this. . . this is. . . ugh! think of the worst story ever told and multiply its badness level by 5,000, and you still haven't come close to how awful this movie is. after giving pokemon the movie one point, giving this movie one point seems like nothing short of charity. that's how bad it is. did the producers and directors even take film classes? because this is a perfect example of how not to make a film. it looks like some amateur high on paint thinner made this film. if you rented this, please take it back and ask for a refund. and don't even think about renting it again.

i was babysitting a family of three small children for a night and their mother gave me this to show for them having just grabbed it at wal-mart earlier in the week. all three children actually got physically ill while watching it. i'm pretty sure it was the pizza they ate, or something they all had picked up from school, but really it could have been this film. absolutely disgusting. how any one can produce this caliber of trash is beyond me. fortunately, i turned off the film when i noticed the children were not responding and acting strangely. for any parents out there, i strongly advise you to refrain from letting young children view this movie.

movies about dinosaurs can be entertaining. so can whoopi goldberg movies. but whoopi and dinosaurs?after the first 20 minutes of "theodore rex", i had come to one conclusion: this movie is evil. evil, vile, wicked and reprehensible in its spite for the audience. nothing this bad is made by accident; this is the visual equivalent of a torture chamber.first of all, whoopi does not make good action movies (watch "fatal beauty" if you think i'm lying), but the film makers don't care - she's a tough cop here, yet again. seen a million cop buddy flicks this week? well, here's number one million and one, pal.don't like cute, humanistic animated dinosaurs since that spielberg tv show about them? too bad, here's another one and he's a cop, too!you one of those people that hates car chases, shoot-outs, sloppy dialogue, boring futuristic fx and seeing talented people (goldberg, mueller-stahl, roundtree) stuck in a movie that looks like a tax write-off? a big tax write-off?and you read this review all the way to the end. you deserve a sequel. seriously.no stars, not a one. and if they really make a sequel to "theodore rex", hollywood deserves to be attacked a whole herd of wise-cracking foam rubber dinosaurs.now, i'd pay to see that.

ever since i started visiting this site, and voting for movies, i have never given any movie a rating of 1. even the disturbing "dance! workout with barbie" got a 2. there is a reason for this.any time i find myself watching what i think is a really bad movie, i have to stop and ask myself the following question: "is this movie really as bad as the horrific soul-sucking beast that is 'theodore rex'?" and i've never been able to answer "yes".i would give anything within reason to know what crackhead said "hey! let's remake 'blade runner' with barney in the harrison ford role!" and decided it was a good idea to actually spend the time and money to commit it to film. furthermore, i want to know what the hell kind of market they were going to sell this towards if it hadn't gone strait to video. this is that rare monster: a movie that is way too violent for kids and way too insanely stupid for adults. i'd ask "what were they thinking?" but in this case, it might actually be redundant.anyhow, all you need to know is that you should only expose yourself to this monstrosity if you're one of the five or six rabid fans of "howard the duck", or if you are curious to see the most evil insane movie of all time, or you want to really punish yourself.

laughed a lot - because it is so incredibly bad - sorry folks, but definitely one of the worst movies i have ever seen... i know it is low budget, but anyway: the actors behave like playing in a soap, the dialogues are absolutely crappy and the last time i have seen such odd pictures was at a trash nite at some youth video festival ten years ago. i really appreciate that people gather together and shoot cheap movies, but at least a certain amount of quality should be accomplished. but at least one good thing: the first three minutes of the movie were quiet interesting and looked okay - and the score was really worth listening to. the dvd cover promised a lot, but that is by far the best this film has to offer...

this movie was kind of interesting...i had to watch it for a college class about india, however the synopsis tells you this movie is about one thing when it doesn't really contain much cold, hard information on those details. it is not really true to the synopsis until the very end where they sloppily try to tie all the elements together. the gore factor is superb, however. even right at the very beginning, you want to look away because the gore is pretty intense. only watch this movie if you want to see some cool gore, because the plot is thin and will make you sad that you wasted time listening to it. i've seen rumors on other websites about this movie being based on true events, however you can not find any information about it online...so basically this movie was a waste of time to watch.

i can't understand all the hype about this movie. ok, if you like cheap splatter, you will love this movie, but if you like good stories and good actors - don't watch this. personally i really disliked the actors in this movie, they seem to be hired straight from the street. the dialogs are completely flat and you always know what's coming up next. the overall quality of this movie lacks of the supposable very low budget. when we saw this movie (me and 3 other people) we all had in mind, that this movie was made by some people who needed to do this, just to get their graduation at a film school - with the lowest effort. another issue that really lessens the whole experience is the bad cam (very shaking) and the bad sound, the whole movie seems to be recored with a single microphone.

yet again one of the most misunderstood goddesses of my country has been twisted by "westerners" who cannot understand the esoteric symbolism of the mother goddess in her dark forms. the mother takes on the frightening form of kali mata to destroy our inner demons, and to terrify our egos. and though blood sacrifice is given to kali and durga, the events depicted in this film are just absurd. the mother takes on a wrathful form to be wrathful to our inner demons, limitations, and ego when no other form will suffice. it's also in her wrathful form that she burns away all your karmas in the "smashan" fires that you cultivate in your heart for her to dance on if you love her, and she will bring you to reality and truth. reality and truth has a dark side as well as light, which serves a purpose. the mother is the embodiment of the physical universe as well, she is nature. nature can be cruel and destructive to maintain balance. you cannot have growth and life without death and destruction. kali represents the force of destruction for the purpose of new growth and life both mundane and spiritual in the universe. it's very outrageous to me that people who know nothing of india or it's divinity can just take one of our beloved goddesses and use her like a cheap prostitute to make some low-budget, talentless horror film. how dare they take our beloved mother and portray her as a horror that makes people chop their eyelids off!? she is only horrific to those who are attached to their ego and who live in delusion , greed, anger, and other inner-demons. it's very clear to me that the person who wrote this movie must have a very serious self-deluding ego, and serious inner-demons to see kali as so horrible and terrible. when the ego drops away she becomes a form that is enchanting, beautiful, and young, a beauty that is so enchanting to behold that she enchants the entire universe with it. kali maa is an ancient mother, not to be trifled with for the sake of entertainment, let's just hope that in her endless compassion and mercy that she does not take on wrathful form to those involved with this movie.the audacity that westerners have in using religions like my own, or the religions of the caribbean islands such as santeria, and vodou which are actually very positive, and other such religions to twist and exaggerate misunderstood elements that the western mind cannot comprehend, is totally ridiculous. it's clear that there is no respect for what people live, breathe and believe in when it comes to these kind of flicks.kali maa in reality is a caring and compassionate mother, whom we shed tears at her beautiful feet in devotion and love for. and i am happy that my mother takes on wrathful form sometimes to protect her devotees from themselves and from outside forces.many praises to the real kali maa, who has shown many the path of god and realization.

ignoring (if possible) the tediously gratuitous marijuana smoking (which seems to be mandatory in australian government-funded films) the cast of this movie gives a reasonably credible performance. that's a far as it goes. the rest is simply awful. the plot's overburdened with "wow" symbolisms which are meant to look good on film but go nowhere. a gross example is the giant peach float, obviously left over from a town parade and donated by the local canning factory. it was just too tempting to waste what was hopefully a free, but nevertheless irrelevant, prop! the peach is given a cursory, unexplained wash-down at one stage but that's where it ends.similarly, the contrived "black spot" road sign where steph's parents were killed, is intended to symbolize the eventual escape from her past, but her escape to what? she's had a pretty good deal where she was, especially considering her visual disability and the unending, loving patience and care of her understanding young female guardian.the guinness' prize for corny melodrama, however, goes to the characterization of alan. alan successfully aspires to the noble role of trade union shop steward but "rats" on his fellow workers by becoming a supervisor for a wicked multi-national - hiss! hiss! as a supervisor, alan performs the boss' villainous dirty work. he implements redundancies until, surprise, surprise, the whole plant is closed and alan himself is left as a pathetic, unemployed failure. no cliché-free zones here, mate! not only this, but alan also loses the seductive steph from the most unlikely relationship you'd encounter. if you think the plot is melodramatic and didactic, don't ask about detail. what's the significance of the shaving cream on steph's seductive leg? why doesn't the hotel, where the couple makes love, eventually twig that someone's gaining illegal entry to one of its grandest bedrooms and, among other pandemoniums, the sheets are regularly soiled - quite spectacularly on one occasion. summing this movie up in one word: avoid, avoid, avoid.

the story is very trustworthy and powerful. the technical side of the movie is quite fine.. even the directing of it. the main problem is with the castings, that turned that movie into almost another local and regular cliché with a great lack of impact and even greater lack of impression. beside the small role of the father, rafael (played impressively by asi dayan), all other actors were unfortunately not in their best. the role of the elder blind girl, played by taly sharon, was fresh but without any intensity as the leading role. therefore the figure she acted had become mild and low profile. there were moments and episodes that looked more like a rehearsal then a real movie. but after all it's a good point to begin from and to make big improvements in the future.

i am a back batman movie and tv fan. i loved the show (new and old) and i loved all the movies. but this movie is not as great as some people were hopeing it to be. in my opinon, it is a big let down. i think the problem was it had no drama. batman: mask of the phantasm and batman beyond: return of the joker had a lot of drama. and batman & mr. freeze: sub zero had some drama too. also, i think this movie is to light for batman. the only scene that seems a little dark is the big fight with bane at the end. anyways, it's an ok batman movie. but i would just rent it.

batman mystery of the batwoman, is, in a word, stale. the plot goes that a mysterious female vigilante ("batwoman") is intruding on batman's turf, and while batman is trying to combat a penguin/bane/rupert thorne threesome, he's trying to figure out who the mysterious batwoman is. there is nothing strikingly wrong about this, but there is nothing really special about it either, noting really made it stick out. mask of the phantasm had bruce's long lost love re surface and mess with his head.subzero was a major event in the life of mr freeze. even the batman beyond movie spin off, return of the joker, dug deep with the characters involved. but mystery of the batwoman had some minor subplots, a lot of formula topped off by a mediocre setpiece on a cruise boat. frankly, this thing is more scooby doo than dark knight, lacking the punch and bite that the animated series had in it's prime.

my teacher taped this and showed it to us in child care to demonstrate how teen pregnancy affects people. it just demonstrated how teen pregnancy affects a childish jock not properly educated on how sex works and a whiny, unloved girl who throws fruit when angry and couldn't tell she was with the wrong man even if he wore a sign stating he was such. i wouldn't be surprised if the father of the baby had about eight girlfriends in the first edition of the script. stacy's (the carrier of the baby) mother is a riot. she is oblivious to the fact her daughter is past the age of four and is seemingly unshaken when people spy on her through her dining room window. bobby's (the father) best friend's name is dewey, and is an obvious rip off of sean penn's character in fast times at ridgemont high. this movie is horrid, simply because none of the characters are believable. thank goodness it's only made for tv, limiting the public's chances of viewing it.

i have two very major complaints regarding this film.1. that my local rental store shelved what is very clearly a soft core porn in the "suspense" category. (had i known what it was, i would not have wasted my time renting it in the first place. and yes, this movie is a soft core porn.)2. the title has nothing to do with the movie. no one in this movie does anything that is either deviant or obsessive, let alone a combination of the two.actually, make that three major complaints:3. that i for some reason watched the movie long enough to discover point number two on this list. boy do i regret that. stay away from this movie. learn from my mistake. this movie is valueless on virtually every level.

i'm a nice guy, and i like to think of myself as genre-tolerant. and, i guess by that, i mean i try to consider a movie in the context of the genre that it resides in. if nothing else, that saves me from feeling like i should be saying really nasty things about people or films, which i don't like doing.the plot in this one was patently obvious, the production values very low and sets, uhm, simplistic. the acting rose into "good for a high school play" territory from time to time. my feeling was this was filmed in a day -- please tell me it was.worst of all, the sex , while reasonably plentiful, was fairly mundane, hampered by, at least in my copy, a "sound-over" that was inconsistent with the action (climatic moans and shrieks while lying on a bed undoing a bra???). there was definitely no "edge" to it at all--nothing distinguishing or interesting, and with surprisingly quick cuts.my vote is a "1" then, with the following summary statement: would have been better if the filler stripper material at the club was expanded, and the rest of the movie condensed.

i watched this immediately after seeing hillside cannibals so anything would have been an improvement . on top of that it stops me from comparing zombi 3 to 28 days later and its sequel . unfortunately the more i watched it the more i realised how well made danny boyle's original was and how much this movie influenced 28 weeks later one can't help noticing how much the 28 franchise has dated this type of italian horror movie . i was totally convinced zombi 3 must have been made in 1980 or 1981 at the very latest - in which case i would have called my summary 28 years later ( geddit ? ) - but wasn't until i came to this page to find it was released in 1988 . all the production values scream that it's a low budget splatter flick from the very early part of that decade . i might have enjoyed this movie as a fifteen year old schoolboy in 1982 as would have my peers but not now much of the problem involves a lack of internal continuity . for example some of the zombies shuffle about with the pace of a snail while others can run very fast and posses self awareness which leads to a ridiculous end scene involving a dj . likewise some can be killed by a kick to the face while others remain alive even if they've had their head chopped off , wait till you see the fridge scene , you might just die laughing . even the serious characters suffer from this type of contrived sloppy scripting where a character suddenly reveals he's a helicopter pilot which leads me to ask why the army have been employing him to drive jeeps for a career obviously you're reminded of the earlier film the crazies which also reminded me of the later 28 films . bunch of terrorists break in to scientific base leading to all sorts of disaster with the military being the bad guys trying to kill both the infected and the survivors and long before the ending you'll have worked out that basically everyone dies . the problem with this is you'll instantly be reminded of how the british franchise did it so much better on a bigger budget . not just that but the 28 franchise will appeal to a thinking audience who may have little interest in the average horror movie . zombi 3 will appeal to no one but a hardcore splatter audience

miraculously, this is actually quite watchable. i mean, it's bad. it's really bad. but whereas the original was so-bad-it's-ruining-my-life bad, this is so-bad-it's-mildly-entertaining bad. right, that's enough faint praise. production values are rotten across the board, the acting is excruciating and the romero-wannabe satire can't make its mind up which side of the ecology fence it's mocking. internal logic takes a back seat to heads propelling themselves out of fridges, virus incubation times fluctuating as the 'plot' requires, bullets working against the zombies or not, zombies having the power of speech or not. gore is the draw, obviously, but the framework is so slapdash it's annoying. the dialogue sounds like it's been translated by the same computers that mangle instruction manuals, and the scale of the zombie infestation is implied with none of the ingenuity of romero's films. it's all topped off with a horrendous synth score. absolute rubbish.

title: zombie 3 (1988) directors: mostly lucio fulci, but also claudio fragasso and bruno mattei cast: ottaviano dellacqua, massimo vani, beatrice ring, deran serafin review: to review this flick and get some good background of it, i gotta start by the beginning. and the beginning of this is really george romeros dawn of the dead. when dawn came out in 79, lucio fulci decided to make an indirect sequel to it and call it zombie 2. that film is the one we know as plain ole zombie. you know the one in which the zombie fights with the shark! ok so, after that flick (named zombie 2 in italy) came out and made a huge chunk of cash, the italians decided, heck. lets make some more zombie flicks! these things are raking in the dough! so zombie 3 was born. confused yet? the story on this one is really just a rehash of stories we've seen in a lot of american zombie flicks that we have seen before this one, the best comparison that comes to mind is return of the living dead. lets see...there's the government making experiments with a certain toxic gas that will turn people into zombies. canister gets released into the general population and shebang! we get loads of zombies yearning for human flesh. a bunch of people start running away from the zombies and end up in an old abandoned hotel. they gotta fight the zombies to survive.there was a lot of trouble during the filming of this movie. first and foremost, lucio fulci the beloved godfather of gore from italy was sick. so he couldn't really finish this film the way that he wanted to. the film was then handed down to two lesser directors bruno mattei (hell of the living dead) and claudio fragasso (zombie 4). they did their best to spice up a film that was already not so good. you see fulci himself didn't really have his heart and soul on this flick. he was disenchanted with it. he gave the flick over to the producers and basically said: "do whatever the hell you want with it!" and god love them, they did.and that is why ladies and gents we have such a crappy zombie flick with the great fulci credited as its "director". the main problem in my opinion is that its just such a pointless bore! there's no substance to it whatsoever! after the first few minutes in which some terrorists steal the toxic gas and accidentally release it, the rest of the flick is just a bunch of empty soulless characters with no personality whatsoever running from the zombies. now in some cases this can prove to be fun, if #1 the zombie make up and zombie action is actually good and fun and #2 there's a lot of gore and guts involved.here we get neither! well there's some inspired moments in there, like for example when some eagles get infected by the gas and they start attacking people. that was cool. there's also a scene involving a flying zombie head (wich by the way defies all logic and explanation) and a scene with zombies coming out of the pool of the abandoned hotel and munching off a poor girls legs. but aside from that...the rest of the flick just falls flat on its ass.endless upon endless scenes that don't do jack to move the already non existent plot along. that was my main gripe with this flick. the sets look unfinished and the art direction is practically non-existent. i hate it when everything looks so damn unfinished! i like my b-movies, but this one just really went even below that! its closer to a z-level flick, if you ask me.the zombie make up? pure crap. the zombies are all asian actors (the movie was filmed in the philippines) so you get a bunch of asian looking zombies. but thats not a big problem since they movie was set in the phillipine islands anyway. its the look of the zombies that really sucks! they all died with the same clothes on for some reason. and what passes for zombie make up here is a bunch of black make up (more like smudges) on their faces. one or two zombies had slightly more complex make up, but it still wasn't good enough to impress. its just a bunch of goo pointlessly splattered on the actors faces. so not only is this flick slowly paced but the zombies look like crap. these are supposed to be dead folks! anyhows, for those expecting the usual coolness in a fulci flick don't come expecting it here cause this is mostly somebody else's flick. and those two involved (mattei and fragasso) didn't really put there heart and souls into it. in fact, when you see the extras on the dvd you will see that when fragasso is asked about his recollections and his feelings on this here flick, he doesn't even take it to seriously. you can tell he is ashamed of it and in many occasions he says they "just had a job to do and they did it". and that my friends, is the last nail on this flick. there's no love, and no heart put into making this film. therefore you get a half assed, crappy zombie flick.only for completest or people who want to have or see every zombie flick ever made. everybody else, don't even bother! rating: 1 out of 5

i'm a big fan of horror flicks, and zombie films are a particular favorite of mine. that said, zombi 3 is one of the absolute worst films i have ever seen. so needless to say i really enjoyed it, it's the best bad movie i've seen in a long while. the story has some similarities with dan o'bannon's "return of the living dead", but whereas that film was intentionally funny, this one is the opposite. it has some of the most laughable acting i've ever witnessed, especially from the main scientist character. his scenes with the general were just hysterical. also, the effects are subpar and in many cases sloppy, and the death scenes are often just downright stupid. this, of course, makes it all the more fun. possible spoiler - the worst is the scene where the guy opens the refrigerator door and sees the severed zombie head, which then opens its eyes and somehow flies out of the fridge (obviously pulled out ineptly with a bit of string), latching onto the guys neck, killing him. zombie heads have the ability to float in the air now? it defies every law of physics known to man, and it's one of the most absurd things ever filmed. that's just one of many really goofy moments in the idiotic mess. i can't believe it's gotten so high a rating here. if you are a fan of bad movies, do yourself a favor and rent this sucker.

"gone with the wind" is one of the most overrated movies in history. it is a film loved by mothers, grandmothers, and shut-ins who go to the movies once every five years. as a zombie movie, it blows. there isn't a shambling corpse in sight, and it's terribly light in the gore department. "zombie 3", on the other hand, is big on shambling corpses and quite generous with its blood-spilling -- therefore, it is better than "gone with the wind". it is also not overrated. most reviewers are under no delusions that it is rubbish. it is, however, not boring rubbish. after a terrorist steals a virus, he drops it while being pursued by a helicopter, and the chemicals leak into the ground. the terrorist, who has been exposed to the nasty concoction, hides in a hotel room where he slowly morphs into a flesh-eating zombie. one of his first victim's is a cleaning lady. once she's bitten, lucio fulci's brand of hell breaks loose. as usual for a fulci flick, the acting is atrocious, the storyline is riddled with plot holes, and the gore is plentiful. turns out the film was directed by fulci and bruno mattei, so that explains its rather schizophrenic nature. it is badly shot, too, poorly edited, and the sound design is flat. still, it is saved by its gleeful adherence to the goriest of murders and its impatient pacing. definitely worth picking up if you're an undead completest. or don't like "gone with the wind", undoubtedly the worst zombie movie of all time.

in 1979 lucio fulci released his film zombi. however, due to the earlier import of george romero's dawn of the dead, which had gone by that name for its italian release, it was retitled to zombi 2. (which also had the bonus of letting the audience think this was a sequel to the second romero movie). continuing this theme, the second zombi film, which would have been called zombi 2, was then consequently titled zombi 3. in the uk, the original zombi film (that is, zombi 2) was titled "zombie flesh eaters". to continue this theme, the second zombi film (zombi 3) was then titled "zombie flesh eaters 2" for its uk release. (are you following all this?) so if zombie flesh eaters was fulci's dawn, then is 2 his day of the dead? while this is only a flippant observation, this tale of military compounds, helicopters and a plodding narrative certainly does bear a vague thematic resemblance.some of fulci's european direction compels in a film like this, but the acting, dubbing and exposition-heavy script are absolutely horrendous. its ecological message is so forced and overstated it can no longer be considered a subtext, while there's an (unintentionally) hilarious birds homage. combining this last element with mor 80s rock is not a good idea. for some reason i couldn't stop thinking of time of the apes (q.v.) the whole time i was watching this. this is obviously not a good thing.while there's nothing here to rival topless scuba-diving, shark wrestling zombies and eyeballs on a splinter, fulci's misogynistic leanings do get a work out with a hotel cleaner's mouth being ground into a mirror until it gushes blood. his fannish gore predilections also see a hand severing. both themes are combined when a woman's face is ripped off, first by one zombie, then a zombie foetus that tears out of a pregnant woman's stomach.production-wise, this is obviously a step up from zombi, coming five years later. (nine years in worldwide release terms). but without the original's low-key charm it struggles, while stefano mainetti's music is inappropriate and uninspired. fabio frizzi's score was one of the best things about the '79 movie. here zombie attacks are played out to what sounds unnervingly like bonnie tyler's "holding out for a hero". in the middle of this carnage we get an irksome love interest, and roger and kenny, two bland macho types who do everything with acrobatic urgency and constantly state the obvious. ("we're out of ammunition" to a stalling gun is a particular standout). but where it also falls down is in the zombies themselves. low key or not, fulci's original had truly magnificent, rotting zombies. skull faces, worms in eye sockets... they really were something to behold. by contrast, this dull follow-up opts for the more traditional "men with a bit of paint on their faces" option. the climax rips off too many romero movies to even be funny, while the use of the dj is a crass and cheap narrative device. not containing the same elements of outrage and gratuitous nudity of the first, this is unlikely to have the same cult appeal. it turns out that fulci actually walked out on the project after reportedly directing just fifteen minutes, the rest filmed by bruno mattei. i'm fairly sure that even fulci would have balked at the ludicrous "flying zombie head" scene, and so credit to the director for having the good sense to leave. unfortunately, however, it's his name that's above the film title on releases, so the majority of people will be left with the impression that this is a fulci film through and through. on that scale then it's a major setback for him, for this movie commits what you imagine fulci would regard as the worst crime of all: that of being boring.

this movie was recently released on dvd in the us and i finally got the chance to see this hard-to-find gem. it even came with original theatrical previews of other italian horror classics like "spasmo" and "beyond the darkness". unfortunately, the previews were the best thing about this movie."zombi 3" in a bizarre way is actually linked to the infamous lucio fulci "zombie" franchise which began in 1979. similarly compared to "zombie", "zombi 3" consists of a threadbare plot and a handful of extremely bad actors that keeps this 'horror' trash barely afloat. the gore is nearly non-existent (unless one is frightened of people running around with green moss on their faces) and the english dubbing is a notch below embarrassing.the plot this time around involves some sort of covert military operation with a bunch of inept scientists (ie. an idiotic male and his stupid female side-kick) who are developing some sort of chemical called "death one" that is supposed to re-animate the dead. unless my ears need to be checked, i don't even recall a reason for the research of "death one". it seems to exist only to wreak havoc upon the poor souls who made the mistake of choosing to 'star' in this cinematic laugh-fest.anyway, "death one" is experimented on a corpse (whom i swear looked like yul brynner), and after it is injected into his system, he sits upright and his head explodes! the sound effects are also quite hilarious - as the corpse's face bubbles with green slime, the sound of 'paper crumpling' can be heard. the "death one" toxin is transported outside and is 'hi-jacked' by a group of thieves where one makes off with it, but infects himself after cutting himself on an exposed vial.needless to say, the guy turns into a zombie, but not before he makes his timely escape to a cheap motel, infects a lowly porter and murders a maid by pushing her face into a bathroom mirror(!). the military catch wind of this and immediately take action before 'eliminating' everyone who is unlucky enough to be within the 'contamination zone' and turn the motel upside down. they find the infected thief and burn his body, only to have the smoke infect a flock of birds that are flying over the chimney stack(!).we cut to the introduction of a group of men who are on leave from the army, listening to 'groovy music' that is coming out of a little dinky boom-box while trailing a trailer-load of slutty girls who are leaning out of the windows and showing off their chests. can someone say "zombie food"? we also have a sub-plot involving a girl and her boyfriend driving a car who stop to inspect a group of birds lying on the road... the same birds that were infected by the 'zombie' smoke! the birds attack the boyfriend and the girl drives off to a deserted gas station to seek water. this is one of the most incredibly hilarious moments of the movie. she walks around this old dirty, rusty and obviously abandoned building where she continues to ask aloud, "hello? is there anyone here? please, i just need some water!" she encounters a group of zombies, one of which is chained to a wall (!) and the other is swinging a machete. after a bit of rumbling and tumbling around on the ground, she escapes but not before blowing up the gas station with her lighter.meanwhile, the birds attack the trailer-load of whores and one girl gets pecked and infected. they all pull up to the same motel where the original infection took place, and this is where the second most hilarious moment of the film takes place. after a matter of hours (a day at the most), the same motel is now caked in dust, has vines growing throughout it, and looks like it has been sitting derelict for years. anyway, what better place to take refuge than this particular building? needless to say, the group begins to break down as several people walk off together to get themselves stuck in an incredibly stupid situation involving a zombie attack.the third most hilarious moment concerns a man and a woman who explore a deserted village, of which the woman comments, "this place is a dump!" she then proceeds to get 'pushed' off a balcony by a zombie into pirahna(?) infested water where she has her legs bitten off and turns into a zombie within seconds! meanwhile, her friend back at the motel who got pecked and infected hours earlier is still turning into a zombie!unfortunately, there are just too many inconsistencies in this movie that makes this movie just too stupid for words. for example, the time rate concerning infected people being 'zombified' differs greatly. sometimes it takes seconds, other times it takes hours. some zombies run, others drag their feet and walk really slow. some even do kung-fu moves, while others hide under stacks of hay to surprise people. some of the zombies even talk! the funniest moment of course is the infamous 'zombie head in the fridge' gag which 'elevates' itself in mid-air and 'attacks' a stupid man who goes looking for food. funnily enough, his girlfriend gets her throat torn out by it's 'headless' counter-part (lmao!).the biggest disappointment for me though was the lack of story-lines involving the people who are in fact killed by zombies. we never get to see them come back as zombies, in fact the only ones we do see 'zombified' are the ones pecked by the birds and the one girl who gets her legs bitten off. other than that, i was at least expecting the couple who were killed in the kitchen and/or the guy who was killed on the bridge to come back as zombies. it is also amazing that these zombies only take a 'few bites' and then move on to their next victim. the most laughable moment was of course the zombie fetus. a pregnant woman who has been infected lies on a bed in a hospital. a woman who seems to have a lot of 'medical knowledge' tries to deliver the baby (!) and has her face pulled off by a zombie, before having her head pushed into the woman's stomach where a hand bursts out and proceeds to rip the rest of her face off. timeless!as usual, all the characters are perfect stereotypes of this genre. the megalomaniacal military officer, the pathetic useless squealing women who scream to get killed, the obvious characters who are about to get killed (ie. watch for the man chasing a chicken!) i guess this movie really is a comedy. there were many laughable scenes, such as the shed that gets blown up with a hand grenade (obviously the scene where the entire budget was spent) and a climatic scene where a man screams, "i'm thirsty.... thirsty for your blood!". the costumes are really bad - the same zombies reappear throughout the course of the film, wearing the same 'asian-like' clothing that may be found in a bruce lee film, and watch out for the blue 60's skirt the girl at the motel is wearing when she and her boyfriend bump into the infected man.the end of the film leaves open the door as usual for the apocalyptic story-line. a radio dj who narrates throughout the whole movie turns out to be a zombie himself and warns his listeners about the 'beginning of the end' while the two survivors take off in a helicopter. hardly "dawn of the dead" material if you ask me.regardless, this movie does deliver many laughs. the gore is minimal, and what gore there is, it is very unconvincing, let alone unimaginative. the usual mix of black blood, thick green goo oozing out of weeping sores and 'zombie make-up' consisting of green moss. "zombi 3" makes for a good rental for a sleep-over party or a night of beer and popcorn. other than that, horror fans should stay away.3 out of 10

zombie review #3**spoilers**few films are actually "so bad they're good", and zombi 3 is not just bad, it's wretchedly, unforgivably bad in so many ways that a whole new language may be needed just to describe them allmore than that, it's a film credited to lucio fulci that even by his standards has absolutely no coherency, sense or reason. however we can't blame fulci as it wasn't really directed by him but by bruno mattei, who doesn't even have fulci's sense of style to help carry the film. mattei seems to have brought little to the film but staggering ineptitude.so, i'm ashamed to say how much i enjoyed every worthless minute of zombi 3. it has no redeeming features - in a genre known for thin characters, weak story, and lack of film making skill, zombi 3 pushes the boat out but in doing so it's even funnier than nightmare city.the "action" starts when the "death 1" gas is stolen from a military base, and damaged in the escape. who is the thief, why did he steal it, and why did the us military think that creating cannibalistic legions of the living dead would be a good idea? all these questions and more will fail to be answered in zombi 3....after hiding out at a hotel, the infected thief goes mad from all the green plastecine growing on his face before being tracked down by the army who somewhat foolishly decide the best way to dispose of his corpse will be to burn it, sending "death 1" up into the atmosphere resulting in... zombie birds! who then attack people and turn them into zombie people!!! (if zombies are cannibals, why don't the zombie birds just attack other birds?)then we meet our "heroes", a trio of horny gis and a coachload of girls. there's a couple of other guys with them too, but they're not important - no one is important here. you'll be hard pressed to remember anyone's face, let alone their name or find a reason to care about them. they end up hiding out at the same hotel as the thief ("a week ago this place was buzzing with life, now it's buzzing with flies!") but there's no escape from the undead.by this point you'll either be completely sucked in or you'll have turned the damned thing off. the script is so appalling even the greatest acting in the world couldn't save it, so it's just as well they have some of the worst - and not just the human characters, the zombie acting here is an all time low. there's no consistancy in how the zombies behave - some shamble about in the time honored style, others engage in full on fist fights or charge around with machettes, not to mention the zombies who are still able to talk (a gimmick that gives the film it's horrifying twist ending). they die from gunshots to the chest (rather than the head) and even get knocked out by a good left-hook. how can you punch out a zombie???!!!!! in fact the emphasis on badly done 80s action often makes it resemble an episode of v...the zombies also spend a lot of time hiding, seemingly waiting for hours in ridiculous places on the chance some poor sap will pass by and get the fright of their life. they hide in bushes, in garages, in huts, on roofs, in the water, and even underneath pregnant women. at one point a zombie follows a woman up the stairs. to kill and eat her? no! to push her into the water, those zombies and their wacky sense of humour!there is plenty of gore though. limbs are hacked, wounds ooze green pus, and there's much in the way of flesh eating and people getting their faces mushed in. there's nothing to match the originals eyeball piercing, but if bad make up effects are your bag you won't be let down.all this and i've not even mentioned the awful music, the inexplicable flying zombie head, the scientist whose acting actually manages to stand out as really bad, or the final chilling punchline.... in an ingenious twist on the originals radio station being overrun by zombies, zombi 3 gives us an actual zombie dj!! "he's gone over to their side!" our escaping hero's cry, before vowing to continue fighting against the undead in a sequel that sadly never came.zombi 3 is rubbish - it would be no loss to the world if every single print was destroyed and all records of it's existence erased, yet somehow i feel my life is richer for having seen it.did i say richer? i meant 88 minutes shorter...

zombi 3 starts as a group of heavily armed men steal a experimental chemical developed to reanimate the dead, while trying to escape the man is shot at & the metal container holding the chemical is breached. the man gets some of the green chemical on a wound on his hand which soon after turns him into a flesh eating cannibalistic zombie. within hours the surrounding area is crawling with the flesh easting undead on the look out for fresh victims, kenny (deran sarafian) & his army buddies find themselves in big trouble as they stop to help patricia (beatrice ring) & her friend lia (deborah bergammi) who has been pecked by zombie birds (!). general morton is in charge of the situation & has to stop the zombie plague from spread throughout the whole world! but will he & his men succeed?this italian produced film was to be directed by italian zombie gore film auteur lucio fulci but the story goes he suffered a stroke & therefore couldn't finish the film so producer franco gaudenzi asked second unit director bruno mattei & writer claudio fragasso to step in & complete the film. apparently mattei & fragasso did more than just finish it they actually disregarded a lot of the footage fulci shot & added a lot of their own & zombi 3 ended up as nearly a straight 50/50 split. the script by fragasso is an absolute mess, none of it is well thought out & is just as stupid as it gets. the scenes of zombie birds attacking people are not only technically inept but the whole idea is just absurd. the zombies themselves have no consistency whatsoever, look at the scene where patricia is on the bridge & the zombies are slow as they shuffle along but then look at the scene earlier on where she was attacked by the zombie with the machete because that one runs around like it's on steroids, then for no reasonable explanation about 10 minutes before the film finishes the zombies suddenly develop the ability to speak which also looks daft. there are so many things wrong with zombi 3, scene after scene of terribly thought out & ineptly directed action, awful character's & really dull broken english dialogue which doesn't make sense half the time. then there's the embarrassing scene where the zombie head inside the fridge suddenly develops the ability to fly through the air & bite someones neck, the scene when the guy's in white contamination suits at the end are about to kill kenny & roger but instead of using their automatic rifles they decide to try & kill them by hand, even when kenny picks up a gun himself they still refuse to use their rifles & when kenny starts to shoot them all they still refuse to use their rifles & it's one of the most ineptly handled scenes ever put to film & then there's the end where kenny takes off in the helicopter but can't rest it down on the ground for literally a few seconds to pick his buddy up & then a load of zombies suddenly spring up from under some piles of grass, what? since when did zombies hide themselves yet alone under piles of grass? this all may sound 'fun' but believe me it's not, it's a really bad film that is just boring, repetitive & simply doesn't work on any level as a piece of entertainment except for a few unintentional laughs.it's hard to know who was responsible for what exactly but none of the footage is particularly well shot. it has a bland lifeless feel about it & for some reason the makers have tried to bath every scene in mist, the problem is they clearly only had one fog machine & you can see that at one corner of the screen the mist is noticeably thicker as it is coming straight out of the machine & thinning out as it disperses across the scene. since a lot of it is set during the day it doesn't add any sort of atmosphere whatsoever & when they do get it right & the mist is evenly spread across the screen it just looks like they shot the scene on a foggy day! the direction is poor with no consistency & it just looks & feels bottom of the barrel stuff. even the blood & gore isn't up to much, there's a gory hand severing at the start, a scene when something rips out of a pregnant woman's stomach, a legless woman (what actually took her legs off in the pool by the way & why didn't it take the legs off the guy who jumped in to save her?) & a few ok looking zombies is as gory as it gets. for anyone hoping to see a gore fest the likes of which fulci regularly served up during the late 70's & early 80's will be very disappointed, there aren't any decent feeding scenes, no intestines, no stand out 'head shots' & very little gore at all.technically the film is poor, the special effects are cheap looking, the cinematography is dull, the music is terrible, the locations are bland & it has rock bottom production values. this was actually shot in the philippines to keep the cost down to a minimum. the entire film is obviously dubbed, the acting still looks awful though & the english version seems to have been written by someone who doesn't understand the language that well.zombi 3 is not a sequel to fulci's classic zombie gore fest zombi 2 (1979), it has nothing to do with it at all apart from the cash-in title. i'm sorry but zombi 3 is an amateurish mess of a film, it's boring, it makes no sense, it's not funny enough to be entertaining & it lacks any decent gore. one to avoid.

i admit that the majority of this film was uninspired,but i was still entertained. it has a wonderful sense of frenetic energy,above average music,and the women in the film fiercely defend themselves,there's no prissies here. i can think of dozens of other films that were way worse,at least this one had an intriguing plotline along with some social commentary.they allude to how the military deals with viral epidemics,destroy everything in sight,even if it means the people you're supposed to be saving.also, how dangerous martial law can be since at that point democracy ceases to exist. fulci seemed to attempt to combine his earlier work(zombie,beyond,gates of hell)in an effort to somehow improve on them.he failed,but definitely not miserably,like a number of people would have you think.i have a soft spot for zombie films, so i admit that i'm somewhat biased when it comes to reviewing them.all i'm saying is that this movie is good for one time around,if there wasn't so much descension in the making of this film(fulci quit and bruno(i can hack with the best of them)mattei took over)it could have been much better and more focused.it's going to stay in my collection as fulci's zombie swan song.one surprising note, is that there is a scene in zombie 3 that cemetery man actually ripped off,i couldn't believe it myself,check it out you'll be surprised.

this movie was pretty absurd. there was a few funny parts. its goes right in to the bin of movies in my memory where i think, "hmm.....that movie had a few funny parts, but overall, pretty ridiculous plot (or lack of)."i thought it seemed like ben was trying a little too hard to be a cooky funny guy. and i didn't understand how he was a self made multi-millionaire and still such an idiot. anyways, i like ben affleck. he makes some crap, but hey, i can forgive him. i mean, i liked jersey girl, i didn't think gigli was all his fault, i like him overall. i guess he's kinda like the kid you feel sorry for cuz he just can't seem to get it right.my advice would be to avoid this flick. it didn't really develop in to a workable plot and catherine o'hara and jimmy g. weren't used as well as they could have been. they deserved better. overall, this movie is not home alone, it's not a christmas story, its not christmas vacation or any of the other classics. forever forgettable.

i get the feeling that those involved in making "surviving christmas" didn't put much thought into the movie. the characters are so inconsistent and the plot makes so little sense that the movie played like a rough draft of a script thrown together with little but the one-liner concept of a rich guy paying a family to let him spend christmas with them.ben affleck portrays drew latham, the typical hollywood image of a wealthy, egotistical advertising executive who buys his way through life. his girlfriend, missy, leaves him shortly before christmas because she's disgusted that drew wanted to take her to fiji for christmas, which she calls "the family holiday," and the fact that drew has never introduced her to his family. we later find out that drew's father left when he was 4 years old, and his mother is dead, so it's a mystery why he doesn't just say that he has no family, rather than allow his girlfriend to believe that he doesn't care about his family.out of fear of being alone on christmas, drew tracks down missy's shrink (why? i have no idea), who suggests he do a forgiveness ritual at his childhood home. when he meets the family living in his childhood home, the valcos, drew offers them $250,000 to pretend to be his family, so he can relive his fond childhood memories. he gets angry when he later finds out that they have an adult daughter, alicia (christina applegate), because he "doesn't have a sister," and even goes so far as to write a script for the family to follow so that they act more like his "real" family. none of this makes any sense once drew reveals that he grew up with no family but his mother.also inexplicable is the character of alicia, who is annoyed that her family accepted drew's money, and refuses to play along with his fantasy. but for no good reason, she suddenly starts to like drew, and in a matter of minutes goes from hating his guts to acting like his girlfriend. drew is such a complete jerk throughout the movie that even his sad story about the lonely christmases of his childhood evokes no sympathy; i almost wish he had finished with, "just kidding! the real reason i don't see my family is that they all have restraining orders against me!" (2/10)

there is one great moment in *surviving christmas* that almost makes it worth the pain: james gandolfini cracks a shovel over ben affleck's stupid head.this movie serves as yet another unfortunate example of james gandolfini proving what a great actor he is whilst simultaneously besmirching his career by acting in this film.young and wealthy ad exec, drew latham (ben affleck) has been inculcated into believing that one must never be alone on christmas. (and there, from the outset, is the underlying problem with our suspension of disbelief in this idiotic movie: how many people of drew's social standing, in 2004, truly care one way or another whether christmas is spent alone or with half the family or with a fifty-dollar prostitute?) storyline finds drew buying off a family to spend christmas with, on the condition that they pretend to be his own, insensately ignoring all the indications to the contrary that his money has not bought the emotions he was seeking.for $250,000, a surly suburban truck driver, tom valco (james gandolfini), and his disheveled wife, christine (catherine o'hara), agree to be drew's ad hoc family, against protests from their son, brian (a very one-dimensional josh zuckerman) and daughter, alicia (a very soft-focused christina applegate). drew then spends the rest of the movie supposedly recapturing his youth or - something. the messages in this movie are as twisted and illogical as its dry-mouthed storyline. fraught with overt psychoses, drew plasters a fake smile on his face and blindly remains in denial against every denigration that he was supposedly buying the valco family to avoid.which begs the question: if drew is paying these people to recapture some semblance of joyous familial emotion, how psychotic must he be to pretend happiness amongst their barbs and mental anguish over his presence? it is not a case of the valco family hiding their true feelings and pretending to be happy while around drew - three of the four members make it patently clear they despise him. is he so incognizant that he cannot see that his money is not buying him the "family" atmosphere he was inculcated into believing was a truth in the first place? as with all movies this opprobrious, one wonders how *four* screenwriters could possibly get so tangled in their own narcissistic dreams of appearing in a credits sequence that they will overlook any semblance of plausibility, or intelligence.director mike mitchell, who was responsible for *deuce bigalow: male gigolo* - stop right there. 'nuff said.gandolfini and o'hara somehow manage to shine, proving their mettle amongst this mess. christina applegate is willowy and cutesy and blond and fiery in all the right places, scathingly cutting drew into little strips of carcass for most of the movie, then doing an about-face and falling in love with him because the script tells her to.and i wouldn't go so far as to say that affleck is a bad actor, but john schneider better look over his shoulder. there's a whole new level of desperately seeking talent in town.

question: how does a bourgeois director treat a subject like immigration ? answer: by turning it into an existential alienation parable.yes, we're back in the early 90s, just after the disintegration of the eastern block and the subsequent flooding of immigrants in the european union, and what better way to deal with the subject than making a film about an existentially alienated middle-class journalist, an existentially alienated upper-class politician, his existentially alienated rich wife, and so on.in the background, immigrants are asking for political asylum in an unnamed greek village near the borders. i guess that way angelopoulos can show some social awareness, while dealing with the existentially troubled upper-classes. i mean honestly, the scene where some top-ranking army-officer curses his destiny cause he sent his daughter to study in london is enough to make you puke.anyway, it can't be that bad, angelopoulos is a master of the cinematic art after all, right ? wrong. it's at this point when his mannerisms start getting too artificial, sort of like a filtered image in photoshop. his usual tricks show up: there are blurred windows, blurred lights, a weird wedding, a walk by the river-shore, and people with yellow water-coats. also mastroianni breaks new ground for most sleepwalking performance ever. avoid really. go for his early films.

how low can someone sink while trying to recapture an old glory? st:hf will be glad to show you.if you are used to seeing what made for a good star trek show, do not watch this.the writing is hodge-podge, the actors' portrayals of their characters weak, and most of all, the design work is downright doggy.like watching strong captains, don't look here! like the strong federation attitude? forget about it here! starfleet is mocked by ensigns wearing spikes in their hair.while a seemingly mentally feeble captain shuffles about and within two minutes of the opening show's credits, ensign spikey is attempting to arrange a tryst with an engineer. it just degrades from there. no, not even uniforms match, for goodness sake. they are too small or too big, collars down to their chests, and tng seasons one and two uniforms mixed in with season three and ds9 uniforms. the strict discipline and tradition of any of the originals in lacking in this production down to the treads! the only good thing about this show is its graphics, which seem to improve a bit with each season. ok, i take that back. who uses cg that inexpertly? the designers of this show.don't bother with it, it will offend your star trek sense, as it did mine. not even the throw backs to previous shows can save this catastrophe.i wept openly when i watched this, probably because my eyes were bleeding and my head almost ruptured. that bad.

first off, let me say that i am a great believer in fanpro stuff. i see it as a way to continue a good show long after it has been cancelled. star trek voyages and star wars revelations are examples of decent efforts. so i have a soft-spot for fanpro stuff that means i'll overlook things that i would ordinarily slate badly.so on to st: hf. well, first off the good things. enthusiasm is a major part of making any show believable and, for the most part, the crew of the various ships all seem to be having a good time with their roles. next, the effects aren't bad for a home-brew effort, with nothing to make you really wince. the stories aren't too bad either. nothing particularly innovative, but solid enough stuff and at least there are ongoing story-arcs.but it has a lot of faults.first off, although they quite obviously have to rip-off star trek footage, set backdrops, music and effects, i see no reason why they proceeded to rip off virtually every other sci-fi musical score ever made. everything from aliens to starship troopers rears it orchestral head at one point or another. likewise, much of the footage is from other movies, dutifully cgi'd over to make it look different. the grey warships, for instance, though disguised, are quite obviously star destroyers from star wars. and the station is also rather obviously fleet battle station ticonderoga from starship troopers. likewise, sound effects from various star wars movies appear in space battles between fighters, as does animated over footage. in one scene in either first or second season, i think, you even see two tie fighters fly past during a battle, which hardly does your suspension of disbelief any favours.acting varies from the reasonable to the hideously painful to watch. everyone does improve as the seasons progress, though, but expect to grimace at the screen a lot, especially in the early seasons. they've also made some interesting acting choices. let's just say that the food replicators on this show seem permanently set to "cake" and leave it at that.make-up effects are generally quite effective on the whole. but they really ought to mercilessly club to death the person who decided to use cheap ferengi and cardassian masks for anything other than background use or "passing" shots. they are just beyond unrealistic. every time i saw one of these (apart from trying not to laugh too much) i kept expecting the unfortunate soul wearing it to pull out a gun and announce that "this is a stick-up!" in one scene a "cardassian" actually talks whilst wearing one of these. not only do the lips not move, but the mask doesn't even have an opening where the mouth should be. someone needs to be slapped hard for that. couldn't they have taken a craft knife to it, for goodness' sake! there are also some well-done, but unintentionally funny make-up jobs, such as the herman munster look alike.the writing, though coherent, is nothing new. instead the script runs like a continuation of ds9, with the ships heading out from ds12 on various missions. the new enemy, "the grey" aren't very menacing and the plot line involving them is effectively a reworking of the borg threads. i.e. starfleet meet the grey, the grey are hugely powerful, starfleet barely escape with their lives, then through technology they begin to find ways to combat the enemy etc etc. all done before with the borg.another bone of contention is the dialogue. star trek writers have long had the ability to write "insert technobabble here" into a script. it usually means an exposition of the latest plan to combat the enemy using "quantum phase discriminators" or "isolytic charges" etc. in other words, nonsense that tells you that they are on the case and a resolution is at hand.the words are just gibberish really. i've no problem with this, but where st:hf makes a mess of it is where they include real-world comments into this concept.tactical advice such as "we need to regroup" sounds good, but not when uttered by trio of characters already standing in a group. likewise when asked what the situation is, a tactical officer is heard to reply "we count three battleships". he actually needed to count them? c'mon! i expected the questioner to ask him "are you sure?" or "can you double check". but my all-time favourite comment is this: captain: "can we establish two-way communication?"comms officer: "no, we can only send and receive.."well, duh!.....having said all the above, the show does improve as it goes along. seasons 1 and 2 are pretty bad, 3 shows an improvement but 4 & 5 are where it starts to get noticeably better. season 6 so far looks quite reasonable.i do have a problem with their choice of media for the shows though. quicktime sucks, quite frankly and the sooner they move to divx/avi format the better. some of us like to actually take our downloaded shows and watch them on decent size screen and not peer at a tiny qt window on a computer monitor. not only does quicktime make this difficult, but the 320x180 resolution the shows are in does not scale at all well. in fact, it makes the shows pretty unwatchable, like they were a tenth-generation vhs tape copy. the least they could do was to include a hi-res downloadable option.anyway, the show has promise, and i'm even beginning to like some of the characters. but that's 40 episodes on, so i'm not sure this says that much about character development at all.but what can you say, it's free....ps: out of 28 votes, 19 people rated this show as a 9 or 10. hmmmm... were we watching the same show? or are you 19 all three year olds?

for a fan series, i must admit that hidden frontier is not at all that bad. but, reviewing this series can not be based on whether it is a fan series or not. the initiative in itself is commendable. the creativity as well. i reckon these are people with ordinary jobs, and a big enthusiastic heart for star trek. but, doing all this work. pulling all these resources. taking all this time, and still all those flaws.first of all the acting, and the lines are awful. for most. the dialogs belongs in a 70's military show, not in star trek. the captain (mr squinty) looks like he is about to burst into laughter anytime. and most characters are just reading their lines. the directors should be aware of the fact that "retake" is not just a word in the dictionary. but i also guess that the series are made in the manner of "two takes frakes", who directed many of the tng episodes and movies also, i could not help but think that most of the actors are typical trekkies. without going any deeper into that assumption.my biggest concern regarding the whole project, is the quality of the releases. when they first decided to spend so much time, and resources on this series - why didn't they make it available in decent quality? using the quick time format, with low low resolution is a waste of talent. even the "higres" episodes is considered bad quality compared to the standard quality series are released in. using xvid codec, with a larger resolution and file size would have improved the experience massively. if band with problems was the issue, setting up a torrent tracker would have solved that.let's hope the crew decides to brush the series up, and perhaps release it on dvd, giving it the quality the project deserves.

this is a german film from 1974 that is something to do with some women who come to a castle and beyond that, i can't really tell you their purpose or even what the purpose of the movie is. i can tell you that there's several women who also moonlight as servants at this particular castle who strip, put on body paint and gyrate to bongos like they were at the goth kit-kat klub, though, and that seems to be a good portion of the run time of this film. yeah, there seems to be something with devil worship and vampires, and there's some girl on girl stuff, etc., but the main focus seems to be the painted babes gyrating away in the basement. i did rather like the eye-rolling of one of the main housekeepers/devil worshipers, that lent an authenticity to the proceedings and made her even more evil-looking. was that wanda the evil lesbian (as billed in the credits)? no matter. if you aren't too picky about your lesbian devil worshiping movies, you might like this, otherwise it's pretty dull stuff and i couldn't even finish it, i was so bored. 3 out of 10.

this is not a horror film, but a boring sex movie. a very bad movie, to be avoided by any serious horror fan. no plot, awful acting and annoying music. if you only watch the trailer you will know enough... it's a shame that such thing is available on vhs or video while there are so many good movies unavailable. if you like vampires try the hammer productions or the italian gothic from mario bava and antonio margheriti instead. those are masterpieces if you compare this with this trash. rating = even "1" is too much! and believe me, i am not the only one with this opinion.

i wasn't as "lucky" as some of the others commenting on this film: i have never seen anything else out of the...shall we say... "fecund" mind of sarno. i agree with many: some of the actresses who spend a lot of time topless and (go-go) dancing are not really that attractive. i kinda liked fraulein crank(?)...she was so homely , she was cute! the acting was pretty stale, also, though delivering lines in a second language might have accounted for a lot of that problem. trying to follow the plot was a major chore: was there one, really? i do heartily agree with one other comment: for a vampire movie, there's not much blood. yep, if you want good bloodsucking flicks, check out such hammer classics as "horror of dracula" and (my personal favourite) "brides of dracula".the most (unintentionally) humorous part is where the lady doctor gets her clothes torn off by a cloud of bats...which you never see!...the bats, i mean.okay as a time-waster if you happen to catch it on cable here in the great white north but, for heaven's sake, don't rent it!

to be as honest as i possibly can, the devil's plaything (or veil of blood or vampire ecstasy or the curse of the black sisters or……) is a complete bore. the movie has a good premise behind it – the resurrection of a long dead vampire through the body of a descendant through the aid and assistance of a group of women dressed in black – but the execution is horrible. there are great, long moments of screen time when literally nothing happens. characters just stand around with nothing to do. there's no mystery, no suspense, and no plot points to care about. the acting is simply abysmal. most of the acting involves a group of below average looking women dancing naked while staring at the camera. they do this repeatedly. and what little plot there is seems to be designed to get more of these less than attractive women naked so they can join in the dancing. while it's not as bad or pointless as the dancing or the plot in something like orgy of the dead, it comes close.

well, there you have it, another disillusion on my account. two, actually! first of all, even though i like to think of myself that i know a little something about 70's euro-exploitation and its most prolific contributors, i never heard about joseph w. sarno before. here's a guy who made over seventy rancid and cult-laden exploitation movies and i haven't seen a single one! how? why? what happened here? secondly, and even worse, just when you think to have found a new source for obscure cult movies, that director's most famous and supposed "masterpiece" turns out to be an irredeemably dull and irritating film. admittedly, lesbian vampire movies form a pretty insignificant sub genre as a whole, but some of them bath in ominous atmosphere and curious sensuality (like josé larraz' "vampyres" or harry kümmel's "daughters of darkness"). joseph sarno's film has nothing to offer, except copious amounts of gratuitous nudity and even that becomes boring rather quickly. the events take place in a secluded old castle, hidden deep in the german mountains, where five centuries ago lived a malicious and bloodthirsty (literally) baroness. her loyal disciples still throw naked dance parties in the castle's catacombs, which are lit by penis-shaped candles…auch, and hope to resurrect the baroness any time soon now. suddenly (don't even ask how) the castle is full of young and sexy female guests, so even more erotic rites ensue. sounds delicious and entertaining enough, but "the devil's plaything" contains a massive number of sequences where literally nothing happens and where the cast members' ignorant facial expressions are simply unendurable! sarno isn't capable of creating suspense or building a gothic atmosphere (or maybe he just didn't bother to) and the actresses' capacities restrict themselves to standing in front the camera topless and pull a really pathetic face. please do yourself a favor: no matter how desperately you strive to see all lurid lesbian-vampire movies of the 70's, this one isn't worth a penny! even the repertoires of jess franco and jean rollin are pure art compared to this dud.

do you know when you look at your collection of old, videotaped movies, and realize that there are some that you've only seen once or twice, and you can't remember if they're worth the time it takes to see them? the alibi is/was one of those films; i found it, not long ago, and decided i might as well give it a chance. i'm not entirely sure if i'm happy with my decision... on one hand, the film is really, really bad, on the other, now i have another free tape... yeah, you get it. the plot is predictable and not in any way original. the pacing is bad. the acting is bad, but that's not really surprising, seeing as the two leads are former soap-opera stars... they're used to overact. the characters are poorly written clichés. the film even manages to screw up the easiest damn way to impress me(through film): court scenes. even those don't elicit one single emotion for or against any of the cardboard-thin characters. the film just has no real redeeming qualities whatsoever... even the dialog is bad. the thing is, it's so full of clichés that it's laughable. and that's the one thing that lifts this above a rating of 1/10: the(albeit unintentionally so) comic relief of the many clichés and stereotypes. i didn't pay very much attention to the film, but just about every time i looked at the screen, there was something to laugh at. one final note: i considered using the line "tori spelling can't act" as a one line summary, but i guess everyone knows that, so i opted for the current one, seeing as it's more informative. all in all, a thoroughly bad film, but not the worst if you've got nothing else to do and if it's on tv. good for a few laughs, if you can sit through it. 3/10

umm.. i was quite surprised that someone actually gave this film high marks.lets face it... tori spelling is not a great actress.. and this movie just proves the extent of her "talent". the movie's plot was weak... i bet the dork that came up with this concept was some perverted peeping tom. if there is a good thing about this movie, i would say it's that tommy chong's daughter, just for the fact that she's his daughter... and then there is that soap-opera-ish male lead who's decent good looks somewhat make him attractive, but ceases to help his dramatic abilities. *why does imdb require at least 10 lines? how many more ways can you simply say "this movie sucks"?

a question for all you girls out there : if a man you`ve never met before accidentally phoned you up on purpose and continued to do so at the most indiscreet moments would you be intrigued by him or so freaked out you`d phone the police ? yeah that`s what i thought so i couldn`t swallow the idea of marti gerrard putting up with the unwarrented attention of connor hill***** mild spoilers *****this is a really dumb story . connor hill`s wife is murdered and the plot revolves around the question is connor phoning marti so he can have an alibi ? but there`s a massive gap in logic here , couldn`t connor have employed a hit man ? something the prosecution seem to have ignored . and wasn`t there any forensics at the murder scene ? so why does the whole trial rest on connor phoning marti at the time of the murder ? dumb . dumb . dumb . and it`s as predictable as it is brainless .my abiding memory of this film is that for someone who made the winter olympics marti gerrard is a really crap downhill skier

was it foreshadowing when tori complained that her first boyfriend was treating her like a robot, and then her new boyfriend (the murderer) turned out to be a designer of artificial intelligence? i think so. scenes to make you squeal with delight: montages galore, a strip-tease in a kimono (what do you call it when you seductively put clothes on, instead of take them off?), and a climactic battle on skis! definitely tune in for the beginning and end, but you can grab a sandwich during the second act when all the plot is happening. is it better than co-ed call girl? nah. does tori ever make it to paradise, or out of the snow, even? nope.

i am an avid b-rate horror film buff and have viewed my fair share of slasher pictures, so i have a substantial gauge to judge this film by. it easily ranks in the upper echelon of the worst horror films the 1980's has to offer. it isn't as scary as night of the demons, it isn't as gory as re-animator and lacks the camp value of there's nothing out there. that being said, this film has no value. keep in mind, the movie artwork is for a completely different film. the stills shots on the back of the dvd box aren't taken from this film.violence: $$$ (there is plenty of violence but we've seen it all before. a murderer kills nubile students and the occasional facility member by slitting throats and all the other tired methods of murder that horror films utilize).nudity: none story: $$ (the story focuses on francine forbes - who wisely changed her name to forbes riley after this film was made - who accepts a job teaching at a university. people start to die and forbes believes the killer is targeting her. is it her new heartthrob with a checkered past or the libido-crazed student? to be honest, it is impossible to care because the script doesn't flesh out any character outside forbes).acting: $ (terrible on all levels. this slasher has the feel of a school production -high school that is because college students could make a better flick than this. forbes showcases a modicum of talent as does seminara as one of the students, but everyone else is of the "extras" caliber of acting).

does this film suck!! horrible acting, horrible script, horrible effects, horrible horrible horrible!! nothing redeeming here for even the most die-hard of horror fans! a crazy killer stalks students at a college. people are showing up dead in the hallways, but still, class carries on as normal??? after about the 4th body, i would think that they could allow the students a few days break! lol. this about as bad as it gets folks. this film should be shown as a means of torture to criminals. you have been warned!

back in the days before the toxic avenger, the low-camp kings at troma films tried to take the high (ok, somewhat-less-low) road of producing straight slasher pics. i'd like to think that viewing the results here is what convinced them to give up all pretension and go for self-conscious parody.splatter university is another film for the masochists in the audience. as it meanders about through two separate casts and innumerable pointless subplots, it actually becomes painful to watch. let's see if i can summarize.after learning that a dangerous psychopath has escaped from a local hospital, the action moves to a catholic university (i don't recall the name, but in honor of the title, let's call it st. splatter). the students are listless and sullen, and argue pettily with each other, slackers ahead of their time. meanwhile, the new professor, julie parker, proves utterly incompetent at her job. the kids deal with relationships, infidelity, unwanted pregnancies, lecherous priests, and how to avoid doing any work in class; julie deals with a creepy boyfriend, the inflexible administration at st. splatter, counseling unwed mothers, and the blank, expressionless looks of her students. none of it means a darn thing or gets resolved in any meaningful way. oh, and every once in a while, a pov shot comes along and stabs one of the girls to death, but don't hold your breath waiting for it. there's a red herring killer, and then a sadly anticlimactic confrontation with the real killer, then it's back to the asylum and roll credits.the slow pace and numerous inane subplots seem almost calculated to produce a mounting sense of frustration in the viewer, which is helped along by choppy editing, coffee-can sound quality, and dialog that just doesn't make any sense. and the most agonizing thing about this movie is the killer's fixation on women - the men in this movie are just so deserving. i'd've paid good money to see someone off the jerk with the pregnant girlfriend, or the lunkhead lothario who was fooling around with his girlfriend's roommate, or any of the creepy priests. there ain't no justice.

the cover of the box makes this movie look really good, don't be fooled. splatter university came out in 1984 which was the last good year for horror, but this movie sucks. the characters are so annoying. only the teacher is cool. there is like no plot to this movie, who the hell would ever produce this waste of a film?spoilers up aheadthe teacher dies in this, and it was a female, we all know that we must have a female surviver, if you're going to break the rules do it in a good horror flick not this waste

this film is the worst film, but it ranks very high for me. it is how a slasher movie should be. it takes place at a university in which there only seems to be a handful of students. the teachers are dumber than a sack of hammers. it is filled with good catholic priest, sexually repressed humor. bad hair, bad clothes. the dialogue is so cliched it is hard to believe that i was able to predict lines in quotes. the slashings have some creativity and seem to revolve around stabbing people in the genitalia. a lack of continuity in the soundtrack and characters that deserve to die because they are so bad, i recommend this film for a fun time. get a case of cheap beer and some friends, watch it and laugh.

i am starting this review with a big giant spoiler about this film. do not read further...here it comes, avert your eyes! the main heroine, the girl who always survives in other slasher films, is murdered here. there, i just saved you 79 minutes of your life.this is one of those cheap movies that was thrown together in the middle of the slasher era of the '80's. despite killing the heroine off, this is just substandard junk.both priests and college students get a bad rap here. they are pictured as oversexed, sociopathic morons who have way too many internal problems to deal with what looks like junior college campus life...and the college students come off even worse."splatter university" is just gunk to put in your vcr when you have nothing better to do, although i suggest watching your head cleaner tape, that would be more entertaining.this is rated (r) for strong physical violence, gore, profanity, very brief female nudity, and sexual references.

i have a nice collection on movies going, and this one was added to it. number 274 to be exact. the title had me going at first. splatter university. i thought this would be a great horror movie. was i ever wrong. don't get me wrong, this is not the worst movie i have ever seen, but it could have been a lot better. i love all movies, but this one was one that was more of a laugh then a scare. poor audio quality, poor acting, and poor shot arrangements are some of the areas that could have been improved. 3 out of 10 stars.movie is ideal for a good laugh. if your looking for one of those movies to make fun of, then this is one!

this has got to be the worst horror movie i have ever seen. i remember watching it years ago when it initially came out on video and for some strange reason i thought i enjoyed it. so, like an idiot, i ran out to purchase the dvd once it was released...what a tragic mistake! i won't even bother to go into the plot because it is so transparent that you can see right through it anyhow. i am a fan of herschell gordon lewis so i am accustomed to cheesy gore effects and bad acting but these people take this to a whole different level. it is almost as if they are intentionally trying to make the worst movie humanly possible...if that was their goal, they suceeded. if they intended to make a film that was supposed to scare you or make you believe in any way, shape, or form that it is real then they failed...miserably! avoid this movie...read the plot synopsis and you've seen it!

a patient escapes from a mental hospital, killing one of his keepers and then a university professor after he makes his way to the local college. next semester, the late prof's replacement and a new group of students have to deal with a new batch of killings. the dialogue is so clichéd it is hard to believe that i was able to predict lines in quotes. this is one of those cheap movies that was thrown together in the middle of the slasher era of the '80's. despite killing the heroine off, this is just substandard junk. horrible acting, horrible script, horrible effects, horrible horrible horrible!! "splatter university" is just gunk to put in your vcr when you have nothing better to do, although i suggest watching your head cleaner tape, that would be more entertaining. skip it and rent "girl's nite out" instead.rated r for strong graphic violence, profanity, brief nudity and sexual situations.

colleges, high schools, fraternities and sororities have been the most popular stalking grounds for maniacal madmen since the slasher cycle first became a popular cinema culture throughout the late seventies. even backwoods cabins and campsites have rode shotgun to the amount of massacres that have taken place on campuses since halloween categorised the genre as a cult horror category. from early entries like to all a good night right up until the big budgeted schlock of titles like urban legend or schools out, there's usually always been a campus slasher lurking somewhere in the pipeline. despite being picked up by troma - the titans of b movie badness – splatter university was heavily panned upon release and never really found an audience. even notorious hack and slash websites like hysteria-lives have written off richard haines' splatter yarn as one of the worst of the early eighties boom. i always approach criticised movies optimistically because there's often the chance than a few bad reviews can be unfairly contagious like a dose of the flu, which crowds the judgement of certain authors.it begins in traditional fashion at the place where any maniac worth his salts emerges. yep you guessed it – an insane asylum! it seems that one of the inmates has decided that he's unhappy with the level of service at the institution and therefore he's looking to take his business elsewhere. the unseen nut-job makes his break after stabbing an unfortunate orderly where the sun certainly doesn't shine. he obviously favours the dress sense of the murdered worker, so he takes the liberty of borrowing his uniform, blood stained trousers and all!three years later, we transfer to st trinians college, an educational establishment that is controlled by catholic priests. a teacher is busy after hours marking her students work when all of a sudden there's a knock at the door. before she has a chance to find out what the unseen visitor wants, he stabs her in the chest with a kitchen knife and she falls to the floor in a bloody heap. this of course means that there's a vacancy at the university and so we're introduced to julie parker (francine forbes), the lovable replacement for the recently departed lecturer. it seems that her arrival has inadvertently given the resident maniac all the motivation that he needs to go on a no holds barred slaughter-thon. before long students and teachers alike are dropping like flies to the camera shy menace as he stalks the corridors and local areas armed with an exceptionally large blade. suspicious suspects abound, but can professor parker solve the mystery of the campus murderer before she becomes just another statistic? i'm not precisely sure how many versions of this movie are available. the uk altered video was released under the alias of campus killings, but the us copy that i own states that it's the complete unedited edition, which could mean that there is a censored print floating about somewhere? i'd be fairly surprised if that was the case as splatter university certainly isn't as gore-delicious as the hyperbole packaging would lead you to believe. one or two litres of corn syrup certainly don't stand up to gore hound's scrutiny when compared to the likes of blood rage or pieces, so in this instance the movie is somewhat over hyped. one thing that many critics have failed to mention is the charming lead performance from francine forbes, who ends up carrying the entire picture on her shoulders throughout the 79-minute running time. despite amateurish direction from richard haines she still unveils some magnificent potential that should have lead to the chance of another stab at serious acting under a more accomplished helmer. unfortunately that possibility never came, and bottom of the barrel bombs like death ring and splitz certainly didn't help to nurture a talent that could have improved dramatically under the right scholarship.the rest of the cast members were par for the course of movie obscurity, especially the wooden plank teenagers who for some strange reason acted like they were auditioning for a remake of grease or the wanderers. the bog standard point and shoot direction couldn't have helped to build much confidence in the project and the fact that the few signs of potential were undermined by the clumsy handling of the script writer left the feature effectively unredeemable. perhaps the only claim of originality to be found in haines' slasher is the brave attempt for the contrasting conclusion. let's just say that it's not a final that i was expecting to witness in a movie that was so typical of the cycle.at one point in the runtime, one of the teens says, "man that parker bores me to tears…" well the same can be said for splatter university, which never lifts the pace above slow motion. with that said though, francine forbes made for a delectable scream queen and undoubtedly one that i would have paid to watch again in a similar role. so that pretty much sums up this un-troma-tising ride. slow paced, shoddy but still strangely alluring; you'd have to be especially forgiving to give it a chance…

nut case is murdering college students, can new teacher stop the madness?!believe me, you won't care.with a title like splatter university, one would immediately gather that this movie just isn't high art. but worse than that splatter university doesn't even qualify for amusing garbage. splatter u is so poorly made - the story is mindless, the characters are throw-aways, and the whole movie lacks any essence of imagination. needless to say there is no suspense or atmosphere or scares. this drivel isn't even brave enough to throw in any nudity (for the cheapest thrill of all). so all around this endlessly flawed slasher offers nothing in the way of entertainment (not even cheap laughs) and just becomes a complete bore. bottom of the barrel folks - even die hard slasher fans will want to think twice before viewing, let alone paying money for this flick.bomb out of ****

it's a poor film, but i must give it to the lead actress in this one....francine forbes. she appeared to be acting the least and i personally thought she was kind of cute. too bad she only appears in one other film in the database. besides that, the film is filled with laughable gore and fakey death scenes. people get stabbed and they gush like 2 gallons of blood! but, if you like to watch poor horror films, i recommend this one highly.

a schizophrenic has escaped from a nyc mental hospital and soon teachers start getting offed at st. trinity university. new teacher julie (francine forbes) has to deal with the mess of red herrings. despite a 78 minute running time, this cheap-o slasher drags on and on until the lame finish where the person you suspect is the killer from the get go is revealed to be as such. director richard haines barely breaks a sweat with some lame stalk-n-slash staging but delivers the grue the early 80s audience was probably craving. for all of our amateur anthropologists out there, this was filmed in new yawk in early 80s so you can check out all of the culture, beliefs, and practices of living people from that far away place. the film does get some credit for offing the "final girl." you rarely see that. also, always nice to see a horror movie where a priest is the killer. doth thou not trust the clergy, my beloved film industry? thankfully, this one is only a phony priest and he gets caught. he is still working the moral high ground angle though.

how come i've never seen or even heard about this junk-movie before? it's right up my alley with bloody teenkill, laughable plotting and an irresistible 80's cheese-atmosphere hanging around it. for some reason nobody is really interested in, the staff and students of an elite catholic university are butchered by an unknown psychopath. freshly recruited teacher julie parker becomes involved when all the people she has contact with either turn up dead or behave strangely. this movie is hilariously bad! there's absolutely no logic or coherence and every character is equally meaningless to the others. for example, there's a girl killed and her body dumped in a container. then, and for no reason, the story suddenly moves forward three weeks yet the murdered girl is never mentioned or even missed. not even by her boyfriend! the acting is pitiful and there isn't even a bit of nudity to enjoy. the revelation of the killer is quite funny because the makers really seemed convinced that it was an original twist... it's not, guys! "splatter university" is easily one of the worst horror-turkeys ever.

if you merely look at the cover of this movie, it's cool. don't. the movie itself put me to sleep. it was slow paced, had minimal violence and a poor use of suspense. the acting was bottom feeder material and the plot, while it would've been cool for a different movie, was poorly shown here. they even kill the only likeable character in the whole film! i give it a 2 out of 10 because the only thing that was good was the plot twist at the end. other than that, you might want to save yourself from this movie trash.

really, really bad slasher movie. a psychotic person escapes from an asylum. three years later he kills a sociology professor, end of scene. one semester yesterday later (hey, that's what the title card said) a new sociology professor is at the school. she makes friends with another female sociology professor who works there, and starts dating another professor. the students are all bored, as are we.there are a number of title cards indicating how much time has passed. scenes are pretty short, and cut to different characters somewhere else, making for little progression of any kind. a lot of scenes involve characters walking and talking, or sitting and talking, and serve little purpose. despite the passage of time, many of the characters are always wearing the same clothing. sometimes the unclear passage of time means when we see a body for the second time, we ask ourselves: how long has that body been there? and also, at least one of the dead people don't seem to have been missed by others.the killer manages to kill one person by stabbing her in the breast, another by stabbing him in the crotch, and another by slicing her forehead. is his knife poisoned or something?the video box cover has a cheerleader: there aren't any in the movie. the rear cover has a photo of someone in a graduation cap and gown menacing a group of women in a dorm room. the central redhead in the photo is in the movie, but nobody ever wears such an outfit, and there is no such scene. the killer is strictly one-on-one.

cliché-ridden story of an impending divorce - or is it? - through the eyes of a 6 year-old child. corny dialogue, cardboard characters, stock situations, a red herring zombie sub-plot and, worst of all, absolutely no payoff, either emotionally or dramatically.does no-one teach creative writing any more? the true sign of a weak storyteller - when you cannot create any kind of satisfying denouement - just end the story. i'm compelled to ask, "what made you think this was a story worth telling in the first place!?" good, but wasted, debut by child actor anthony de marco - the rest of the cast was, at best, forgettable. and they wonder why no-one watches indie films! this is ninety minutes of my life i will never get back.

basically there's a family where a little boy (jake) thinks there's a zombie in his closet & his parents are fighting all the time.this movie is slower than a soap opera... and suddenly, jake decides to become rambo and kill the zombie.ok, first of all when you're going to make a film you must decide if its a thriller or a drama! as a drama the movie is watchable. parents are divorcing & arguing like in real life. and then we have jake with his closet which totally ruins all the film! i expected to see a boogeyman similar movie, and instead i watched a drama with some meaningless thriller spots.3 out of 10 just for the well playing parents & descent dialogs. as for the shots with jake: just ignore them.

i tried watching this abomination of the cinema when i was five years old; i have never been the same since. filled to the brim with drug-induced images that reek of the common ravings of your average asylum resident, this "movie", despite its colorful appearance, is not for humans, especially not children.it starts out innocently enough with a poor boy who ruins his classmate's drum by (wait for it) putting his head through it; yes, putting his head through it. but fear not, my friends! he is quickly consoled by his chirping flute, which is weird enough, i'll grant you, but still acceptable.then: the movie morphs into a combination of wizard of oz and where the wild things are, but loses all the "warm and fuzzy" aspects of either of these two books.so, this seven-foot yellow relative of barney, befriends this poor boy and plunges him even deeper into despair.and, to add the pleasant array of horrific themes, a carnivorous boat, formerly a friend of the motley crew of hobbling grandfather clocks and doped-up "dragons", is added to the mix of mayhem.the most comforting image in the midst of this chaos is the villain, aptly dubbed "witchiepoo" (?). of course, she has problems of her own: what with an obvious plastic mask constricting her facial expressions to having to deal with a broomstick whose gas level always seemed to be at its lowest at the most inopportune moments. as a result of this, one of her favorite pastimes was nose-diving into the body of water that separated the land of pufnstuf from her degenerate, decaying abode (i don't know where i would have preferred to live).in summary, this movie is terrifying...if you want to watch the movie that has similar effects on its audience as the exorcist, then this one is for you. enjoy.

i hated this show when i was a kid. that was back in the day when kids show characters actually had accents, not just the bland, generic, general american dialect we're used to. jack wild had a british accent and pufnstuf's was southern. like one of the others mentioned, though, i never quite understood what the deal was with the witch wanting the flute. that always seemed odd to me, probably because the flute just annoyed me and i wouldn't have gone to any trouble to take it away!just a comment on the similarity of pufnstuf to early 70s mcdonalds commercials that others have mentioned: pufnstuf ripped off mcdonalds. at the height of mcdonalds popularity, the tv show (or rather, their creators) sought to license mcdonalds characters for their show, but when mcdonalds declined the tv show changed the characters slightly and passed it as their own. they even hired former employees of mcdonalds ad agency and the voice actors to make the tv shows. mcdonalds sued and won. search for pufnstuf mcdonaldland lawsuit and you'll find plenty of articles about it.

i caught this a few months ago on family channel, and having some memories of the tv show from my youth, decided to watch it along with my 4 year old daughter. i should have got some psychedelic mushrooms to go along with it, 'cause this is just bizarre! not only is it a musical with annoyingly forgettable tunes, the requisite cheesy effects and cameos by stars long past their collective primes, it seems to have been produced as somebody's good acid trip. talking flutes, british children far too old for this kind of crap... in the words of krusty the klown "uuuuuugggghhhhh! what was i on?" if you're a huge fan of the whole sid and marty krofft oeuvre, go for it; otherwise, unless you're willing to get looped before watching, stay far, far, far away.

(aka: blood castle or scream of the demon)*spoiler*this was a drive-in feature, co-billed with the velvet vampire. a spanish-italian co-production where a series of women in a village are being murdered around the same time a local count named yanos dalmar is seen on horseback, riding off with his 'man-eating' dog behind him.the townsfolk already suspect he is the one behind it all and want his castle burned down. the murders first began around the time count yanos' older brother, count igor dalmar was horribly burned and killed in a lab accident.then a woman ivanna (erna schuer) that igor hired before his death to assist him in his experiments shows up. yanos agrees to hire her in place of his brother and together they seek the formulae for the regeneration of dead cells. yanos wants to bring igor's charred corpse back to life.but of course igor is still alive (although horribly burned) and stalking and killing the women in the village. we see his char-broiled face appear at various points in the film, so we know he's still alive, making the whole thing seem a little bit too obvious.igor meets another fiery end when he gets into a fight with yanos over ivanna, with the burning candles falling on to the same bed that igor stumbles on to, meeting yet another, final char-broiled end.the retromedia dvd is taken from a vhs source and looks quite grainy and bad. other than an even scratchier trailer, no other extras are included. although it has a nice, creepy spanish castle and good atmospherics, i found it to be fairly boring and predictable, with no excitement or mystery, whatsoever. 3 out of 10.

i purchased the blood castle dvd on ebay for a few bucks not knowing what it was and all i can say is that i wasn't disappointed with this purchase. blood castle is one of those trashy european horror films that has almost no redeeming quality except for being thoroughly entertaining, for all the bad reasons. the opening alone was worth the price of the dvd: our heroine, dr. ivanna, arrives at the castle where she's supposed to help a scientist, baron dalmar, who does experiments on dead tissue. on her way to the castle 1) a man tries to rape ivanna. 2) the castle's housekeeper fights with her. 3) the maid wants her dead. 4) and finally, baron dalmar nearly spits on her and wants her out the next day. hmm...something tells me she's not welcome. with such a miserable arrival, you'd think ivanna would leave the place in a ny minute but no, like so many great trashy films, our "headstrong" heroine decides to stay put and even enjoys a candlelight dinner with the grumpy baron on that same eventful day. the intro is so over-the-top trashy (it's even greater than the memorable first few minutes of that canadian film, junior) that i knew i was going to enjoy this.but the fun doesn't end there. ivanna is repeatedly drugged whenever she goes to bed at night, only to wake up from unconsciousness, naked, bound and tortured in mild sessions of s&m by an unseen man. even after experiencing these nightly s&m sessions, ivanna stays at the castle, dully convinced by the angry baron that what she's experiencing are nothing more than dreams. to be expected, even after being treated so badly from the get-go, ivanna, falls in love with the baron. ivanna completely disregards anything negative about him, including the obvious fact that the dour baron is popular with the young ladies. every women at the castle (it seems only women work there) is in love with the miserable chump, who doesn't mind taking advantage of the pretty young things. things get even sillier as someone lurks around the estate and kills (and has been killing) women. basically, the baron's physically disfigured brother, igor is responsible for everything. in a very long winded scene, the brother warns the baron he should not get too involved with ivanna or he'll suffer the consequences. so what do the baron and ivanna do about this? well, they get married of course! during the very brief marriage ceremony, the baron is shot by one of the angry locals (father of one of the dead girls). but all of this doesn't deter ivanna, who, amidst all the dead young ladies and torture surrounding them, cheerfully comforts the hurt baron that "it's just a flesh wound" and the two can go on and enjoy their honeymoon at the castle, where the killer/rapist/torturer brother is. the whole thing quickly devolves into a nightmarish love triangle of sorts, between ivana, the baron and igor. blame it all on love!anyway, you get the idea: subtle it's not. almost everything is over-the-top ridiculous in this film and when it's not ott, such as the predictable climax, things get a tad boring. but for most of the film, the director or writer revel in one illogically trashy moment after another. i really love these kind of films, everything as subtle as being hit over the head with a sledgehammer, and populated by characters behaving illogically. even those who made the retromedia dvd realize this and when you go to the scene selection section, we hear one of the funniest bits of dialogue from the dubbed movie looped endlessly. the production values are beautifully risible. the opening and closing credits, with those candles and red curtains...ah, a soupçon of class. the music sounds sometimes like something from a tim burton film, which only adds to the oddness of it all. and customary to these kind of films, when the young ladies take off their clothes, they just beg to be killed.as a standard film, i rate this a 2, but as a "it's so bad it's good" film, i rate it a solid 8 stars. if you enjoy trashy films, please watch this one. it's a must see. the only thing left for me to ponder about it: what would it have taken for that woman to get out of that freaking castle?

this is a film that belongs firmly to the 50's. very surprising that american film institute has chosen this one for one for the best 100 american movies of all-time. i have seen practically all of the movies on that list, and this one is by far the most disappointing one of those. musical numbers (and there many, many of them) are very overlong and boring, and have absolute no connection with the story. the end of the movie has horribly over-long ballet sequency, which naturally has no real relation to the story of the movie. it must be admitted, that it is very well made, the music is ok, and the dancing done with the highest professional standard - but there is no real reason why the sequence is included in the movie.the main character of the movie is extremely childlish and unlikeable and behaves in unpolite way. his mental age is about 14. if you want to see a good musical made on the "golden age" of musicals, go and see "singing in the rain".

i don't know what the oscar voters saw in this movie, but they must of seen some pretty hard stuff to see in it to be able to award it with the best picture oscar. all i know is that fortunately there was gene kelly to play in it or this would have been twice as bad as i believe it is. first of all, i don't think leslie caron was really fit to play such a role. she isn't that talented, she isn't a great dancer and she's not good looking at all. it's a shame that one actor or actress may ruin a movie just like by playing in it because if leslie caron hadn't been in this, it might have made a terrific movie. the story was intelligent, the directing wasn't bad, and, as i said, gene kelly was pretty good. now i'm not saying all this stuff about leslie caron just to criticize her, i'm just saying it because i think that's what the worse part of the movie is. she's probably a good actress but i can't tell because i haven't seen her in anything else but i think she was pretty bad in "an american in paris". so if you want to see it, go ahead but i'm telling you, you're way better off watching "singin' in the rain".

i'm never much for classic films. movies like patton, going my way, how green was my valley, the godfather, casablanca, annie hall, gone with the wind, lawrence of arabia, and citizen kane bore me. however, i would much rather watch any one of those films 3,469 times while being tied up on a chair than watch an american in paris once in the most luxurious suite ever. if i did the latter, i'd probably be sleeping the entire time.the color art direction and the music didn't interest me, gershwin or non-gershwin. the dancing and the singing could help an insomniac fall to sleep. the dialogue doesn't match up to singin' in the rain. basically, this movie is boring. the only other film that i fell asleep while watching was butch cassidy and the sundance kid. but you can't blame me. i only slept 5 minutes the night before.1 star/10 (too bad we can't give zeroes.)

an art house maven's dream. overrated, overpraised, overdone; a pretentious melange that not only did not deserve best picture of 1951 on its own merits, it was dwarfed by the competition from the start. place in the sun, detective story, streetcar named desire, abbott and costello meet the invisible man; you name it, if it came out in '51, it's better than this arthouse crapola. the closing ballet is claptrap for the intellectual crowd, out of place and in the wrong movie. few actors in their time were less capable (at acting) or less charismatic than kelly and caron. my #12 worst of '51 (i saw 201 movies), and among the 5 worst best picture oscar winners.

(various spoilers follow)gene kelly. not georges guetary, who is sometimes criticized for being too young and un-french. not leslie caron, who is sometimes criticized for her very green performance. not even oscar levant, who more often than not annoys the dickens out of me.no, it would definitely be gene kelly. there's something about his screen persona that's too ambitious and focused for him to be convincing as a penniless artist in paris, content to put off facing the critics indefinitely, frolicking with little kids and old ladies and painting in the streets. that's what made him so effective in singin' in the rain and other movies where he played ambitious, focused characters. jerry mulligan is in some ways a cousin to tommy albright in brigadoon, another lerner story with kelly miscast as an american at loose ends who falls in love with a picturesque european place and an innocent female who embodies its virtues.except that jerry isn't as likeable as even poor dazed tommy. that's another galling thing about this film. jerry is sometimes a cad to milo, and even worse to lise. when he first sees the latter at a club, he pulls a dirty trick to get her to dance with him. when she sits down again he pulls an even dirtier trick to get her phone number. when he calls her the next day she hangs up on him, which he takes as a cue to drop in at her workplace. and throughout all this it's obvious she wants nothing to do with him. when she starts laughing at his jokes in the perfume shop, it's about as believable as milo's interest in his paintings. sure he's good-looking and playful, but why should that sway her when she's got henri, who seems like a gentleman to boot?admittedly it comes off so distasteful partly because of the actress. if a role like lise was played by, say, judy garland, she would shower jerry with indignant insults and glares. if she was played by cyd charisse, one would admire his guts. but when she's played by first-timer leslie caron she looks and acts like a shy, vulnerable teenager, and as a result jerry just seems like a creep. and why did they choose these other actors (though personally i'd rather they'd solved things by changing the lead) when the whole story hinges on the romance of these two young poor sweethearts disentangling themselves from their loveless commitments to older rich people? not only is gene kelly a few years above guetary and foch, he's old enough to be caron's father.in short i think it all would have been improved by casting some young comedic-relief type dancer as jerry, the kind that usually turned up in musical supporting roles...e.g. ray macdonald in good news or bobby van in small town girl. maybe not them necessarily but someone like them. someone who could have chased lise and made it seem harmlessly playful; someone who would have appeared genuinely happy living in that chaplinesque hole-in-the-wall; someone whose humor and naivete would have contrasted better with oscar levant's sarcastic grumpiness. it probably also would have made the ballet seem less ponderous. and it might have provided a voice that could sing gershwin better.all this may give the impression that i don't like gene kelly. i do like him. he was terrific in most of his films, just not this one (well, and a few others). i don't despise aaip itself, either; it has good points, like the art direction. and leslie caron, who despite her inexperience is rather charming, and really does look like she just stepped out of a painting. georges guetary does a fine job and his "stairway to paradise" is my favorite number in the movie. nina foch is beautiful and touching and should have ended up with somebody. but not jerry mulligan. i wouldn't wish that on her.

it must be assumed that those who praised this film ("the greatest filmed opera ever," didn't i read somewhere?) either don't care for opera, don't care for wagner, or don't care about anything except their desire to appear cultured. either as a representation of wagner's swan-song, or as a movie, this strikes me as an unmitigated disaster, with a leaden reading of the score matched to a tricksy, lugubrious realisation of the text.it's questionable that people with ideas as to what an opera (or, for that matter, a play, especially one by shakespeare) is "about" should be allowed anywhere near a theatre or film studio; syberberg, very fashionably, but without the smallest justification from wagner's text, decided that parsifal is "about" bisexual integration, so that the title character, in the latter stages, transmutes into a kind of beatnik babe, though one who continues to sing high tenor -- few if any of the actors in the film are the singers, and we get a double dose of armin jordan, the conductor, who is seen as the face (but not heard as the voice) of amfortas, and also appears monstrously in double exposure as a kind of batonzilla or conductor who ate monsalvat during the playing of the good friday music -- in which, by the way, the transcendant loveliness of nature is represented by a scattering of shopworn and flaccid crocuses stuck in ill-laid turf, an expedient which baffles me. in the theatre we sometimes have to piece out such imperfections with our thoughts, but i can't think why syberberg couldn't splice in, for parsifal and gurnemanz, mountain pasture as lush as was provided for julie andrews in sound of music...the sound is hard to endure, the high voices and the trumpets in particular possessing an aural glare that adds another sort of fatigue to our impatience with the uninspired conducting and paralytic unfolding of the ritual. someone in another review mentioned the 1951 bayreuth recording, and knappertsbusch, though his tempi are often very slow, had what jordan altogether lacks, a sense of pulse, a feeling for the ebb and flow of the music -- and, after half a century, the orchestral sound in that set, in modern pressings, is still superior to this film.

admittedly, parsifal is not an opera that can appeal to everyone, although it is a favourite of mine, knappertsbusch, 1951, in particular. syberberg's entire approach is so static. whenever the music suddenly begins to swell ... syberberg keeps the cast moving at the same pace. the takes on amfortas and klingsor are endless. whatever happened to film editing? the result is physically exhausting to watch. the viewer is never spiritually transported. your impulse is to rush home and play a recording again to confirm that wagner got it right, syberberg got it wrong. and that set decoration with those "clever" reminders of wagner's anti-semitism -- will there ever be a viewer of this film with no prior knowledge of wagner?

n.b.: spoilers within. assigning an artistic director to an operatic production naturally and inevitably means you are going to get a piece of that director's mind. but directing a wagner opera is an especially tricky task, as he was perhaps the most explicit opera composer in terms of what things should look like and how they should unfold. hans-jurgen syberberg loads this filming of "parsifal," wagner's final masterpiece, with enough extraneous ideas to cause it to nearly burst at the seams. you get more than a piece of the director: you get the whole fatted hog and then some. syberberg is to be admired for his penchant for tearing back the covers on the uglier aspects of german history. but does it work to meld that desire to a wagner opera already brimming with its own concepts? the scenes with the knights of the holy grail in acts i and iii are especially laden with visual allegory and symbolism. these are drawn come from wagner's own time, from long before, and go well beyond. if you know what these things mean, they can enrich syberberg's vision for you (but not necessarily enhance wagner's vision); if you don't know what they mean, they're simply confusing, if not annoying. i won't bother uncoiling the plot of the opera here. suffice it to say it is a typical wagnerian synthesis of diverse elements, in this case a blending of the holy grail legend with the principles, practices, and pageantry of christianity. the theme of redemption plays the main role here, as in nearly every wagner opera.i personally had to sweat to get through syberberg's first act (amidst my jarring acclimation, the music saved the day). but act ii picks up the pace. here we meet klingsor, the evil sorcerer, out to entrap the wandering "innocent fool" parsifal. the greatest seductress of them all, kundry, will be used to entice him to the dark side. after an initial dalliance with more symbols, these get stripped away, and the long, gorgeous, transformational duet between young fool and temptress really takes off. finally the film starts working a genuine magic, and it is chiefly due to syberberg's choosing to set things naturally and simply. suddenly the acting starts to work (the expressive actress edith clever and the luscious soprano of yvonne minton team to create a wondrous kundry); suddenly the music seems to come to life and make vivid the inner turmoil of the two characters. the camera work stays simple and quietly fluid. in other words, wagner is allowed to tell his story more on his own terms. and it works beautifully. for me it was the most engrossing part of the film.with the re-entrance of the knights in part 2 of act iii, the weird extraneous symbolisms unfortunately creep back in. some other loony syberberg ideas: using a huge wagner death-mask as a major set-piece (causing the composer's protuberant proboscis to loom comically large); dressing the act iii knights in all manner of costumes, wigs, and makeup (what is the director saying? that the knights are a bunch of buffoons? that they express multiple or timeless layers of significance beyond their surface functions? it's anybody's guess); the insertion – just after the incredibly touching baptism of kundry by parsifal – of rear-projection footage of the conductor rehearsing, in modern-day realism, his orchestra in the studio (this completely snapped my dramatic thread, requiring a few minutes to regroup); the complete avoidance of having any time pass between acts ii and iii (when we meet the knight and "narrator" gurnemanz again, he should be an old, old man, and parsifal should re-emerge as a world-weary but wiser middle-aged man); but certainly the most bizarre stroke is to split the parsifal character into male/female components. some find this the most brilliant stroke. no doubt i can credit karin krick, who plays "parsifal 2," with acting of strength and dignity (she also happens to be the best lip-syncher of the whole cast). but please...wagner's conception of parsifal is already so complex. his growth from a completely innocent boy who knows nothing of his past, to his breakthrough realization in act ii of what amfortas's eternal wound means and how it has become his own, to his return as the great redeemer of act iii – this is the journey of a masterfully constructed character. the bi-sexual emphasis is just gimmicky and absurd. (and what's with this nonsense about a homoerotic gurnemanz and parsifal?? can't we just accept a mentor/apprentice relationship, which is marvelously reversed in act iii?) the monte carlo philharmonic under armin jordan plays with passion and beauty (though the chorus is disappointing). but after watching this film i only wanted to whip out my solti-led recording (highly recommended) and get my wagnerian bearings straight again. the film experience for me ranged from bizarre to entertaining to infuriating. to syberberg's credit, he's created a visually arresting work, and he certainly offers a unique take on an important opera. but instead of sticking to "parsifal," he seems to have wanted to bring in all things wagnerian: the man, the life, the enormous influence...all of it in crude symbolic code. "parsifal" the opera is already full of weighty symbolism: the grail, the spear, the holy sacraments, baptism, amfortas's ever-bleeding wound, klingsor's self-castration, the kiss, kundry's curse, and on and on. this is not to mention the *musical* symbolism sounding constantly in the score, in the form of wagner's leitmotif system. "parsifal" itself is one huge symbol! getting back to my first-paragraph question, syberberg's whole hog is all way too much for me. but if this project sounds like something to tickle your fancy, then go for it. i won't recommend just staying away from this; you may find yourself heartily satisfied. or if you need something to crack your wagner barrier, try it...but please, please, don't stop here. "parsifal" is in a late, very ripe league of its own.

of the ten actors who portrayed philo vance in the series, edmund lowe seemed the most personable, but in this script the audience is way ahead of the famed detective. after all, when the jockey, douglas walton, stares blankly in space, obviously hypnotized, and says something like "i must ride and be killed," i felt it was dumb that no one picked up on it after he does get killed. the police thought it was a suicide because he said he would do it! after hated horse owner gene lockhart gets shot and killed, frieda inescort does the same thing, saying she's going out to be killed, and then fatally jumps off a bus. i laughed when lowe finally yells "i got it," as though it were a revelation. the guilty party, however, was cleverly concealed and there was considerable suspense generated when that party starts to hypnotize lowe to get him to jump off a roof.

boring children's fantasy that gives joan plowright star billing but little to do. sappy kids pursue their dreams. frankie wants to be a ballerina and a baseball player (yuk) while best-friend hazel runs for mayor---she's 13! totally pedestrian in every way, plus the added disadvantage of syrupy performances by the girls as well as the baseball boys. certainly a lesser effort for showtime---no limits?

some good movies keep you in front of the tv, and you are dying to see the result.this movie does not have highs and lows. it simply describes a young girl's family life in africa. people come and go, the weather and the background are all the same.

i am very open to foreign films and like to think that i grasp what they are trying to accomplish although some things are lost in translation. but the simplicity and "intelligence" of this film were boring. i've often thought how interesting it would be to make a movie that just shows a typical day or time period that really had no point. now that i've seen a movie like that i will no longer be thinking along those lines. there's tones about society, racism, and some desire...but south park has that. and when i watch south park it actually moves me to feel an emotion. the closest thing i felt to an emotion during this movie was the yawn i experienced after the first five minutes. i rate the typical movie a seven or above because i love most every film. i gave this film a one.

i am astounded at the positive reviews for this thoroughly uninspiring film.often with foreign films i skip over reviews that complain about slow pace and seeming "absence of action" as many of the best international films do not live up to the western hollywood model of cinematic storytelling.i enjoy the frequent artfulness and lack of cliché in the foreign film arena. i enjoy that many foreign films don't tie things up in a neat palatable little bow.that said, this particular film offered no redemptive value for the time i wasted watching it. no meaningful character development, no engaging story arc, no way to get emotionally involved with any of the characters on screen. synopsis: a bunch of emotionally immature uptight prejudiced colonials mistreat their slaves, and a little girl gets hurt by her only friend when the "house-boy" finally gets fed up and takes his abuse out on her. while the above paragraph is poignant and dramatic, this movie will bore you while playing out the scenario. i was so unengaged that it took three sittings to finish it, and i wouldn't have even done that were it not for the positive ratings. unless you have an academic interest in the period i strongly suggest steering clear of this one.

the film portrays france's unresolved problems with its colonial legacy in western (francophone) africa through the befuddled and complex psychoanalytical prism of a young woman, france (herein symbolically representing her nation). it is an often engaging and challenging portrait of a young woman's desire to come to terms with a traumatic moment in her past, in particular, and a nation's desire to reach out to the 'other' it once 'owned' and moulded. this is reflected in the way in which it centres entirely around the notion of travelling (or being in transit) from the present to the past; remembered realities to undeniable contemporary political and economic actualities.the characters all play a symbolic, albeit a limited and unconvincing role. france, meant to be a visual as well as a totemic representation of contemporary french society, leaves one indifferent to her plight as she seems still to be imbued with the same naiveté she enjoyed as a child-in fact as a child she seems more in possession of her reality. the rest of the rag-tag ensemble is just forgettable. the black africans are, to say the least, offencive impressionistic portraits of former colonised peoples now colonised by the director's poor handling of her material. they are no more than a dark and moribund backdrop against which the blythe-like france wonders seeking a world she never knew, and hoping for one that can never be found in cameroon.

this movie sucks from beginning till (especially) the end. you probably don't get 'm any worse, acting, storyline ,photography, camera work, etcetera it's all bad, very, very bad.but that's what makes it a 'great' watch, it will give you more than enough good laughs. the worse, the better! i really have no clue what so ever of what these people were thinking making this movie. a serious viking movie? the story is goddamn ridiculous, it's more like a comedy in disguise, kinda like mafia, also pointless but damn funny.and look out for the very very end of the movie... uhum.

i had no background knowledge of this movie before i bought it, but it sounded cool and i've been wanting to see a really kick-butt viking movie for awhile now... alas, this film was not what i was looking for. i had hoped for the best, but instead, was delivered a boring nordic soap-opera that seemed to drag on too long despite its 84 minute running time. the film's premise is intriguing enough: it's about a viking warlord who defies his god and odin is so enraged that he curses the warlord's son, named barek, to death and rebirth as a berserker. this barek guy is then forced to live enraged, insane, and violent lifetime after lifetime. the movie is filmed competently enough, with some rich cinematography and quasi-good performances by the actors, but again, i found myself bored and questioning when this dribble would end. the filmmakers had a chance to make something rather entertaining and semi-unique but they dropped the ball. perhaps it could've been improved with some cheap exploitation tactics thrown in such as gratuitous nudity and lots of gore... i mean, we are talking about "berserkers" here, aren't we? vikings were supposed to be bad enough, what with all the raping and pillaging, so aren't berserkers supposed to be even more extreme? all in all, unless you're a fan of the young and restless (etc...) or, are yourself, in fact, an insane berserker who likes self torture, i'd probably steer clear of this drab piece of celluloid.

recap: according to legend, the valkyrie brunhilda defied odin and was chained to a rock surrounded by an eternal fire. only a warrior pure in heart can pass through the flames, free brunhilda and release her from odin's claim, and have her for himself. now, war is brewing in the norse lands, and the king needs an alliance with the berserkers. the berserkers are warriors claimed by odin's valkyries, lusting for war, blood and flesh, and therefore outcasts, but superior in battle. the leader of the berserkers is a scorned son of the king, boar, and his price for the alliance is his brother, the future king, barek. but after the king is victorious in battle, he refuses to give up his only remaining son, breaking his oath to boar and betray him and kill him. boar is saved only by barek's call upon odin. but this is only the start of the battle between the brothers, and their final battle is about to start now, a millennia later...comments: i had hopes that this would be a movie based upon some viking ground, far too little quality movie about viking has been done. it started out very good too, with detailed longships and armors, nice and fitting sceneries and an ok battle.the foundation in the aesir myths is thin and seems very corrupted to me. odin is much more vengeful, spiteful and absent than i remind him from school, and the valkyries has been turned into some vampire-demons. i'm no expert, but that seems outright wrong.but the fatal mistake made by this movie is to move the time-setting from the original time-period to today. if the two brothers had fought it out in the correct time, with some decent battles, this movie would have been much better. now the setting, suddenly is changed to present day stockholm. still, odin is present and is sending boar and his berserkers for brunhilda and barek which gives silly scenes when armor-clad and painted berserkers swordfights with barek among the industries. beautiful mountains and woods have been exchanged for cement. and when allowed to focus upon single fights, instead of massive battles as in the beginning, i quickly saw that the fights and skills of the actors are slow and clumsy.the end result is thin story, sometimes hard to follow and other times just silly, and the only that could save it, the action, is drawn from slow, dull and clumsy swordfights. it draws very little from aesir myth or viking tradition. thus both story and action fails, and the movie is just plain bad.finally, as a swede, this movie is a little confusing. supposedly filmed entirely in south africa, it still contains some familiar swedish signs, plates and what seems to be an authentic police car. however, the effort is poor and only goes so far, as to really set it in sweden. no names are swedish (perhaps with anya as the exception), no familiar sceneries are swedish, they (supposedly) speak a little (ancient?) norwegian, not swedish. and uniforms, both police and medical, are clearly not swedish. if they were not going to even try to do it correctly - and really give the illusion that it is set in sweden, why bother at all? 4/10

unfortunately the movie is more concerned with making lame social commentary on a real event, but doesnt have the balls to legitimately document what happened. the constant rhetoric of how violent video games are not to blame (i get the impression ben coccio is an avid gamer), or how media and music is completely devoid of influence is the obvious message (we even get a laughable scene of the two boys burning all their cd's, talk about subtlety!), but the movie only gets away with it because its 'fiction'. nice try. yes its a great idea to relieve media of influence, but how do we know the kids that have actually planned and executed a school shooting werent influenced by media? or video games? we dont, and we wont with this movie because once again these kids are smart enough to completely relinquish the media, yet dumb enough to scorch a nazi symbol on the ground? haha i somehow dont think so.the movie bats you over the head with its portrayal of the normalcy of the families, its almost doing a disservice to think that there wasn't a serious flaw in the family dynamic of kids that have actually gone out and shot their fellow schoolmates. why is everyone so concerned with making killers seem "normal", when they are so obviously not? a completely false and phony depiction.

i am fully aware there is no statistical data that readily supports the correlation between video games and real life violence. the movie is false and phony because it is in complete contradiction of itself, which is what i tried to emphasize in my original review. the movie fails, not necessarily because i really do think these kids were influenced by video games, but because the movie sets it up as "random" and doesn't follow through. let me clarify. in aileen: life and death of a serial killer, you can see her claims about the police and being controlled by radio waves are ridiculous, yet she is so troubled, she really believes them to be true. the viewer can make the distinction however. in zero day, the 2 kids keep saying how they are not influenced by anything environmental, which is obviously false since everything they do contradicts this. neo-nazism, talking about going on cnn with wolf blitzer (which is laughable not only because they know his name, but its a shameless attempt by the filmmaker to get coverage of his bad movie)..etc. this movie doesn't depict 'reality', it shows nothing but phoniness to prove a point. unfortunately you fell for the bait and didn't see this, and you didn't pick up on it from my review either. the entire movie is just taking michael moore's hypothesis and applying it to something "real life" in hopes of validating and it fails, not necessarily because the hypothesis is wrong, but because the movie is wrong and doesn't support it. of course i don't think kids that play video games are more likely to kill people, but if i'm not mistaken, didn't video tape exist of the columbine kids (or some teen killers) shooting guns in the forest claiming how much they looked or acted like the weaponry in doom? hmmmmmmm, the distinction is kids are most likely aware of the media, influenced, but obviously balanced or intelligent enough that its not even an issue. zero day is a bad movie not because i really believe a correlation exists, but because the film maker doesn't know what hes trying to say, and the movie does more to disprove his point then support it. it's almost as if the new ratings given to video games made someone upset so they came up with 'zero day' in retaliation. if you want to see the 'mindless' teen killer theory pulled off right, go watch bully.

this film is pretty poor. the acting is abysmal and completely forced. furthermore, by shooting the film as a docudrama doesn't necessarily make it more believable, you can't get out of it that easily mr dir. don't let my comments mislead you however, as i would recommend you watch this film, as it does shed some light on the psychology or non existent psychology behind the perpetrators of such crimes. however, the climax of the film is absolutely rubbish! there is no other way to put it! it pure and simply fails to capture any sense of atmosphere! what takes place does not translate to me any feelings of desperation, panic, fear or dread that one would surely experience in such terrifying circumstances. no instead it leaves you with jaw dropping "was that it?!" spilling from your tongue, and by no means are you haunted by these boys actions. rather you just feel embarrassed for yet another film that started with potential, but ended up falling flat on its face at the most crucial point.zero day indeed....zzzzzzzzzzzzz

a youth gets a bad hair day, goes out on a hill, and falls into where he can't escape. then, he meets mr. atlas, a "mythological" dude from 2,000 years ago as his very best friend, and an arnold schwarzenegger look-and-sound-alike. his herculean strength helps the boy out of danger, and later adjusts to modern life. so what's the big deal? this is the lousiest idea for a "family" outing! either way, this one shouldn't have been attempted at all, really! our fictional character of might and brawn is nothing more than a typical stranger who appears ordinary to the rest of the universe. to add to the blasphemy is the lack of anything new or appealing, and before you know it, there is some attempted violence that doesn't qualify this as "family" entertainment. the scene where atlas complains of his undershorts is gaggling, though. just spend a nice, quiet afternoon in the park for a change.

oh... my... god... this is without a doubt the absolute cheesiest movie i have ever seen. the acting is bad, the story is weak, the characters are weaker, and the whole film just doesn't make sense. couple this with mediocre directing, really strange scenes (such as the one where the kid reaches over the ravine and mysteriously falls in), and thoroughly abysmal dialog ("look!" "musta peed his pants!"), and you get one complete failure. not to mention the fact that the only thing mr. atlas looks like he could defeat is a case of chocolate bars. but this is part of the movie's charm. sit down and watch it with a few of your friends for a good laugh. i love this movie, because it's just so bad!

it's a good thing i didn't watch this while i was pregnant.i definitely would have cried my eyes out and/or vomit. it was kind of gruesome mainly disturbing. i personally thought the baby was adorable in its own twisted little way.however as a mom i cringed when beth stabbed herself in the stomach and when virgina aborted the child during her 3rd trimester with rusty utensils no less.also,as an animal lover i almost cried when she scratched the cat to a bloody pulp.however,as creepy and sinister as the baby was i was rooting for it to live.and as twisted as the movie was i am extremely intrigued to see the sequel...... ......... ....... ......... ......... ....... ...... .....

almost from the word go this film is poor and lacking conviction but then again most people would struggle to show commitment to a script as uninspiring as this. the dialogue really does not flow and sometimes as in this case more is less (or should have been). this is also backed-up by odd scenes (e.g. the cemetry slow-motion walk) that you think might lead somewhere but only seem to waste a few more seconds of your life.the plot is a strange combination of gangster / situation comedy which i am sure seemed a good idea at the time but if ever there was a case for someone needing to be honest with the scriptwriter then here was it.martin freeman is okay but then he seems to have one character which always plays so i am beginning to wonder if he was given a script or just filmed and told to react as normal.finally - humour. this reminds me of the 'python (i think) quote about shakespere, of his 'comedies' - if he had meant it to be humorous he would have put a joke in it. well i didn't see one.don't waste your time - i did because i was watching it with a friend and kept hoping that it was going to get better.it didn't.

i have no idea what the producers of the shield were trying to do, but the result speaks for itself: the shield is practically unwatchable.supposedly the performances on the shield are great...in reality, the show is so badly put together that you can't even really see the performances. for instance, the editing cuts away from reaction shots before they've had their full impact.i don't know what intellectual rationale there is for that, but it robs the show of all emotional impact.i'll give the shield one point for ambition in its subject matter, but that's pretty much all i can give it.it's a shame to see a number of talented performer waste their gift on something so strangely badly filmed.

to sat how awful the shield is, you'd have to write pages and pages, so suffice it to say that it is a monument to bad directing."when directors go awry" should have been the title of this production. indeed, directors are supposed to infuse their work with a sense of visual style and story-telling that propels the story forward.how is constantly shaking the camera and playing with the zoom lens a "style"? how is it propelling the story forward? of course there's also the "editing by random numbers" nonsense. apparently it's become hip to just cut randomly.i guess it's too much work to do good editing.well, that made it too much work for most people to watch the shield which languished as one of the most over-hyped and unwatched shows of all time.

for such a great classic tale, the setting (location), grendel was disappointing. as a writer, i blame the script which completely lacked dramatic tension. the rubric of the club story is useful and would have provided a new take on the literary classic. for some weird reason that rubric was dropped early on. to know this was shot in 21 days says to me, "rushed" and it unfortunately shows. now we'll have to wait for the hollywood version on the big screen. i word on fx, i can tolerate really crappy cgi but the script has to rock and this one was just too slow, spartan and lacking in drama. i'd blame it on the actors but... since i know writing more than acting, i'll pick on my colleague.

i understand this movie was made on a very low budget but that is no excuse for the monstrosity that is grendel. deathstalker, the throne of fire, barbarian queen, conquest, the invincible barbarian were all done on shoestring budgets and poor special effects yet they still managed to create cult classics by adding some scantily clad women warriors and a good sense of humor. the primitive costumes, dark castles and beautiful bulgarian landscape gave grendel the potential to be a very good low budget sword and sorcery film, but the makers completely ruined this opportunity by using extremely poor cgi effects and colorless characters. compare this film to beowulf (1999). it may not be citizen kane but it is a good example of how an entertaining low budget sci-fi/ adventure movie can be made by using credible special effects and appealing characters.

scifi has been having some extremely bad luck making quality movies lately (such as minotaur or dog soldiers). grendel is supposed to be based of the great epic beowulf, however, it deviates so much (and offers so little in comparison) that the advertisements on television might as well have titled it 'some shitty christopher lambert movie'. i wasn't expecting it to be as accurate as a full blown hollywood production, but i did however expect the 'artistic integrity' to not interfere with the actual story (even if a little bit was changed to make a two hour storyboard flow nicely in the allotted time slots).did the director and producers have any idea about what they were doing (did any research go into this?). obviously not, as one could tell from the massive horned helmets that beowulf and his crew (save for mullet boy) are wearing. one major problem i have though was with the very look of grendel…if beowulf is supposed to wrestle him, shouldn't he not have been sixteen feet tall and weigh 2 tons? grendel's death segment was also lacking in every way – in my opinion the one in the epic was actually better than the made up junk on the script; for example: grendel is supposed to have his arm ripped out from the socket by beowulf – not cut off at the forearm after he was set on fire by an exploding arrow from a crossbow that looks like it weighs 300lbs! and grendel's mother…did they just combine her with the dragon at the end of the epic where he eventually dies when he succumbs to his wounds? and honestly, what the hell was with that mullet? if you want to see this movie because its connection to the epic….don't, as there really isn't one (other than character names). the only way i could recommend this film is if you liked the movie druids (directed by jacques dorfmann) – although i don't recommend watching either.

i was expecting the movie based on grendel, the book written by john gardner in the late 1970's. it was based on the beowulf epic, but told from the perspective of the monster. whatever you may think of gardner's book, a movie based on the beowulf epic should not be entitled grendel, when it doesn't say anything more about the monster beyond the few pathetic scenes in which the cg monster is shown as nothing more than a modified predator. on top of this, the writers should also be punished for screwing up the original story so badly and contributing to the continued growing ignorance of mass tv audiences throughout the us.typical hollywood to get this so wrong. very disappointing and a complete waste of time.

i doubt jigsaw was hip even at the time, the whole lsd theme married to a murder mystery being a patently obvious attempt to grab a young audience of the era without in the least truly showing any understanding of the sixties counterculture. the dated aspect aside, jigsaw suffers from many problems, including overwrought acting, silly and stilted dialogue, lsd flashbacks that go on interminably long even after the point has been hammered home in the first 60 seconds, a failure to create any true suspense even though the actual plot is, on paper, a great vehicle to do just that, and an ending that is so trite and predictable (not to mention reminiscent of a lot of bad television shows) that the climax is actually an anti-climax. if it was a better movie, we might be able to suspend disbelief on a few things where it would help enjoyment, but the weaknesses are so glaring they only serve to highlight the improbabilities viewers might otherwise overlook. i saw jigsaw on television and it is definitely late night tv fare meant to fill airspace and pass the time to kill somebody's insomnia rather than anything anybody ought to actively seek out. at very best, a three out of 10.

bradford dillman plays a scientist who wakes up one morning in the middle of a bloody crime scene; having partial amnesia (or "global amnesia", which one character claims to define as elective loss of memory), the scientist finds a private detective in the phone book in the hopes of piecing his life back together. abhorrent concoction very loosely based on walter ericson's book "fallen angel" (filmed in 1965 as "mirage" with gregory peck). it was probably too racy for television--what with drugs and hippies added to the mix--that nbc initially refused to air it, which is how this low-budgeter wound up in theaters. director james goldstone gets freaky with the hyperkinetic visuals and camera-tricks, while editor edward a. biery goes wild with the zig-zag cuts. unfortunately, their admittedly-colorful gimmicks cannot cover up the weaknesses of this updated plot, and the acting is woefully overripe. dillman, under pressure to recall the events of the night in question, goes through an actor's seminar of tics, stammers, nose-wipes, and crazy half-laughs while spitting out dialogue like, "dream...a dream...drugs...yeah, drugs...that sound...bells...help!" as a villainous fellow scientist with a cheshire cat smile, pat hingle nearly upstages dillman in the grand thespian department by continually addressing everyone in baby-talk, strutting about like a middle-aged peacock and twisting his mouth around in agony. hope lange's scientist/love-interest is given the short shrift, but not before she screams at indifferent-lover dillman: "what do i have to do, talk ape man? me want you!" this is one frantic "jigsaw"! *1/2 from ****

the immortalizer was, uh, interesting. it certainly didn't kill me during its hour and a half duration, but it didn't impress me much either. a group of kids are abducted in an alley by musclehead mutants (in a scene featuring cinema's least convincing head crushing sound effect) and taken to a fancy house in the suburbs. here dr. divine and his team are performing brain transplants for his rich old patients so they can have young bodies again. hey, this was quietly remade with a big budget a few years later as freejack! who knew that when you transplant an old person's brain into a different body that their new voice will sound exactly like their old voice? with all this talk of pineal glands and the use of a glowing green serum, you can almost see visions of from beyond and re-animator dancing in the producers' heads. but the production literally doesn't have the guts to pull it off. i've never understood why, when someone is making a low budget horror film, that they don't pack it to the edge of the frame with gore. the acting is uniformly terrible, with the only good performance coming from clarke lindsley as the assistant dr. price. he has a nice evil laugh. the only other thing of note about the immortalizer is that it features lots of old people doing their own stunts. seriously, most of the cast takes some serious bumps for old folks.

this movie was fantastic great movie all through scary as hell. and i mean it freaked me out as much as pulse and it and the omen etc. but with a great movie comes a crap ending right? right! this movies ending was pathetic stuff. i mean a ghost turned back time in a chicks house and it thinks now i have done that it means i can call her and itll be the right time cause she thinks it is. right? wrong. my ass! i don't care if the ghost is satan, it just doesn't happen. its a movie yes but most evil movies or praised movies like this are meant to make sense but it didn't. it just showed us what i just said and people don't think anything of it. can someone please tell me why you all haven't noticed that pathetic part. the movie for me ended in the hospital and that is all. check out number 3 its much more kick ass

how many centuries will pass until the japanese/asian horror films abandon the long-haired ghost-woman shtick? admittedly, they've managed to rip off "ringu" a million times, and often it worked well - which just goes to show that originality isn't that much of a requirement in the horror genre (or that i'm very uncritical and easy to please?). however, this time around i found myself a little restless, somewhat bored. it's not a bad film, but it's at least half-an-hour longer than it should be, with its absurd 110 minutes length. compared to many other japanese horror films, omc lacks atmosphere and excitement. plus, the ending is confusing: it makes no sense at all. as for the ring-tone: miike could have come up with a melody that is more effective than that forgettable little thing. even though it was played a dozen times i can't even remember it - that's how scary it was. speaking of miike, for him this is something of a commercial venture, so if anyone thinks they might be getting perversion of the "bijita q" or "audition" kind, they're wasting their time.

is miike like chabrol, alternating art with dreck, sometimes confusing the two? does he match the fifty/fifty rate some claim for chabrol? do we see here too much or too little miike? i don't know. i don't know. i don't know. but i could easily fill ten lines just citing chakushin ari's (one missed call's) steals, allusions, and clichés. others here will hit on most of them, though not perhaps ochiai's saimin (hypnosis) for the sleazy telecast taunting things supernatural. only once, when yumi takes the zombie-like mother in her arms, did one missed call startle me a little.one other point of interest: renji ishibashi (looks like christopher walken) as the detective. ishibashi in audition's abusive back story, and as dead or alive's boss aoki of the vat of excrement drowning and more, may be the most convincingly evil character actor i've ever seen. so here he's a cop.

one missed call, another asian horror based on the cell phone. i recently rented a korean horror film based on a cell phone called "pon". one missed call was just as boring as that one. maybe phones just aren't scary or something, but this move was dull and drab. no tension or thrills for me, and the final monster was disappointingly cheesy and unscary. the movie dragged quite a bit in different parts, and felt too long. didn't keep my attention. it seems phones are hard to make frightening, it's kind of like trying to make a pop vending machine eerie. and it is ridiculous to compare this with "the ring", it seems every asian horror movie is compared to it and so far i haven't seen any that measure up in the least. to horror directors - take the phone off the hook as a horror device.

to be honest, this film is another in a series of huge disappointments...most of these so-called "masters of horror" films are only horrifying in terms of their sub-par effects and laughable story lines...aside from ron perlman, everyone else in this film cannot act to save their life...the gunshots sounded like someone was playing bop-it under the boom mike or something, and looked completely unrealistic...overall, this film is about as scary as home alone...the only good masters are cigarette burns, jennifer, and maybe pelts...i don't know how these directors can sleep at night knowing that they have ruined the very genre that some of them used to actually understand...

could anyone please stop john carpenter from continuously and deliberately ruining his reputation? how low can you go? it seems this man has lost any self respect.this episode looks like it has been done by a film student, it isn't even worth beginning to talk about what was bad, because it was just a borefest, directed by somebody with no talent as a filmmaker or without any motivation...come on, mr. carpenter, please retire immediately with a rest of self-esteem and stop spilling out trash like this in a bad tradition from escape from l.a. to ghosts of mars.get drunk instead.

a plot that fizzled and reeked of irreconcilable differences in opinions constituted a judgmental havoc with one side pro-life and the other a destroyer of a demon's seed. the horror was left out and replaced with an overall dull effect quite possibly meant to be horrific, but, instead demonstrated an ill dose of beliefs which ridiculed each other to death, despite the title itself. being a fan of masters of horror since the beginning, this ridiculous plot twist with it's sordid depictions crashed apart like a spindly old rocking chair after being sat upon. i view this episode as being thrown together from the get go, never really taking off anywhere other than to see it through for what its worth and relieved when it finally came to "the end"..

i have to say as being a fan of the man who created halloween/the fog/christine/the thing - probably his best films.then you got this pos. i can't logically think he put any effort at all into this like he did with cigarette burns. at least his son made a decent soundtrack.you have to look at this from the standpoint that it didn't seem like a movie. it looked as if someone else directed it for one thing. i won't believe carpenter put any effort into this at all.i was just listening to his old school h2/h3/the fog soundtrack and it was awesome, especially for the times.he was using a style that no one had and it worked so well for his films.

there is this girl and she's running in the woods but she ends up at this woman's clinic and she wants an abortion. her daddy is outside in a van and he is all angry about it. the whole episode takes place in and outside of this abortion clinic. i'm not really pro-choice but i wanted the choice to kill this episode. i was laughing when i saw the baby come out and it went into the corner. the part where they were doing the ultra sound was pretty funny too. i was really feeling sorry for the poor dad in this episode. he just wanted to protect his daughter and i couldn't really blame him for what he did. i don't know what happened to him at the end or what happened to the other father and daughter in the waiting room. i was just laughing too hard and i would suggest watching "pick me up" instead of this episode. it wasn't the worst episode but it wasn't that great.

this installment of masters of horror was terrible. apparently, mr. carpenter needs to learn a thing or two about pacing and decent, plausible dialog. there were times when i literally shouted at the tv for something to happen. maybe he thinks he building suspense, but carpenter needs to trim back that overdone, over-simplified musical score of his (or his son's) and advance the action a little bit. how many times did the girl say, "oh no, i can't have this baby!" and "oh, no here it comes"? carpenter takes elements from much, much better films (assault on precinct 13 and the thing) and throws them in here as if we are supposed to acknowledge and appreciate his trademark style. what is lacking here is genuine suspense and energy. it's as though he's sleepwalking through the process of movie making. for better carpenter films, stick to the tried and true classics-- the thing, halloween, and they live. for better masters of horror episodes, check out my personal favorites: family, jenifer, and dreams in the witch house.

the good earth is not a great film by any means, it is way to ordinary. maybe it was different in the 1930's but who would want to see the life of a farmer. it is not very interesting to me. yes, luis rainer and paul muni do an excellent job acting but the film dragged on way too long. i could have told you the ending of this movie by the first act. in short wang lung (muni) a small time farmer who does not want to be like his own father turns out exactly like him. both falling in love with their wives just as they are on their death beds. the film does a complete 360 going from one generation to the next. also this film did not have any good character actors or funny moments, it just was depressing stuff about lasting as a farmer during a time of crisis.

the good earth is perhaps the most boring film i've seen in my life. the plot is slow and lacking. the acting is borderline comical. while i love paul muni, i can now say i have seen a film that does not do his true ability justice. the only saving grace i found with this film is it's production value. the use of hundreds of extras throughout the film creates a very believable and interesting environment. also, the beautiful effects used to create the illusion of millions of wasps sells easily and was revolutionary at the time. other than the production value i can say little else that is good or entertaining about this film.

the cliché of the shell-shocked soldier home from the war is here given dull treatment. pity a splendid cast, acting to the limits of their high talents, can't redeem 'the return of the soldier' from its stiff-collared inability to move the viewer to emotional involvement. best moments, as another reviewer noted, come when glenda jackson is on screen; but even jackson's crackling good cinematic power can't pull this film's chestnuts from its cold, never warmed hearth. ann-margret, she of sex-kitten repute and too often accused of lacking acting ability, finds her actual and rather profound abilities wasted here - despite her speaking with a nigh-flawless middlesex accent. the hackneyed score, redolent of many lackluster tv miniseries' slathered-on saccharine emotionalism, is at irritating odds with the emotional remoteness of the script, blocking, and overbaked formalism of the direction; except for its score and corseted script and direction, 'the return of the soldier' has all the right bits but it fails to make them work together.

chilly, alienating adaptation of rebecca west's book about an army captain returning from duty in wwii with his memory impaired (now there's an original idea!). it seems he remembers old flame glenda jackson but not current wife julie christie, which should be enough to set off some emotional sparks. this extremely well-cast soaper brings together leading man alan bates with director alan bridges and co-stars jackson, christie, ann-margret, and ian holm, but the burners are all on low. there are a handful of good scenes (particularly whenever jackson is on-screen), but bridges' pacing is unrelievedly sluggish and the film's dulled-out color is enervating. long on the shelf, this "soldier" is best left forgotten. *1/2 from ****

in my knowledge, largo winch was a famous belgium comics (never read) telling the adventures of a playboy, a sort of james bond without the spy life! so, when i had to choose a movie for a 5 years-old kid, i picked it up because the kid was already a great fan of james bond!but, just after the opening credits, i got heavy doubts: when american movies offer amazing start, here, no action and a torrid sex scene … then, the story get very complicated with financial moves… i thought i lost the kid.but, strangely, he had been caught by largo, and more than james bond! was it the excellent interpretation of tomer sisley? the difficult relationship largo has with his father? the multiple box story in which the friends are the bad guys, the bad guys are the friends? the exotic locations of honk-kong, yougoslavia? dunno, but he really cares about largo ("will he get up?) and we enjoyed our moment.

this was god awful. the story was all over the place and more often than not i was confused because of horrible editing. i felt no sympathy for anyone because their characters were not developed enough. they were extremely superficial people with no dimension. cheesy, cheesy stereotypes with subplots that went nowhere. the stripper chick was just a distraction, even if she was decent looking. i don't know what this was attempting to be, but how shocked was i when they showed this trash on sundance? i almost cancelled my subscription. you'd think a channel like that would show more quality films. there are much, much better gay and lesbian themed films out there. "the celluloid closet" is an excellent documentary. i thoroughly enjoyed "wigstock: the movie". i'm sure there are others that have slipped my mind at the moment, but what i'm trying to say is that this just wasn't worth it. if you catch it on tv, ok, but otherwise don't bother.there were maybe three or four shots that looked really nice (sad i can count them on one hand), otherwise the cinematography was pretty crappy as well. the lighting was way off in a lot of places. i think some of the effects were used to try and add to something that just had practically nothing going for it.i can't deny johnny rebel is pretty hot (without the blond hair of course). too bad his acting did nothing for me. stick with real porn, buddy.3/10.

i wanted to see the movie because of an article in a film magazine. it wasn't a highly recommended one by the critic. the storyline is different and i am sure that it could have been a good movie if it was in right hands. directing and acting were awful!! i had the feeling of watching a movie which was made a bunch of amateurs. although the movie started promisingly, it got worse and worse. i think this is an unoriginal movie with awkward characters.. i still think that it is worth watching as i haven't seen films subjecting gay porn. don't keep your expectations high though,then you will be very disappointed. * out of *****

this is a great idea for a film but it, unfortunately, doesn't turn out to be a great movie. what starts out as a sweet and almost goofy romantic comedy about a fluffer in love with his fluffee spirals out of control into a bizarre combination of genres and a veritable stew of plots, with liberal borrowings from boogie nights, thelma and louise, showgirls, frisk, and even a curious "dash" of 400 blows thrown in towards the end. (at least the director did his research!) the result is not necessarily boring but, in the end, this slick, well-produced flick doesn't quite add up to anything. however, the actors all do a game job with the material and there are a few good laughs at the behind-the-scenes world of gay porn.

now here is a film that if made in australia would have easily been a comedy. sadly and annoyingly, here it is, flaccid and cheesy and overbaked from lala land. how did the di-erector get it so wrong? well, mainly by being serious about a job so hilariously startling that nobody in their right mind could take seriously. unless of course they were a nerdy lonely gay cliché (but somehow cute)...or is that cliché piled upon cliché. no value in the story that almost seems like a prequel to gus van sant's gerry..... and with a title like the fluffer how is it all such a lead weight? well this auteur must have soooooo mad that he didn't get to burt and boogie first that he had to make his own. convoluted and undeveloped apart from the 'unrequited love's a bore' theme left over from a faded streisand lyric, we have only moody beefcake and tv serial level storyline left. the un necessary fourth act of this overlong turgid drama is truly terrible as the film wanders off like the gerries into to desert and gets stuck there. in oz in the late 90s some 20 somethings made a similar but actually hilarious film called moneyshot. originally filmed as the venus factory it too suffered from an auteur more awful than orson so they re-filmed half of it, got a ruthless tv editor to chop it up and down down to 72 minutes and hey-presto..comedy, tonight! a lesson there in when bad films turn good by lightening up. i guess the fluffer stiffed on release and after seeing it not perform, i can understand why.

a pointless movie with nothing but gratuitous violence. the only fun i had was playing "spot the location", as much of it was filmed in my home town of regina, saskatchewan. i like to support locally produced films but this one was a major disappointment.

you ever sit through a movie and after it's all over it's like one big "wtf!?". welcome to decoy. another straight to video action fodder flick you can immediately forget about having watched or better yet don't watch it at all. peter weller and robert patrick star and are quickly wasted in this going nowheres fast mercenaries-for-hire action dud where the story is pretty darn bad and the action sucks and what's the point of watching an action flick if the action blows? robert patrick in particular hits a new low in an action sequence that has him firing a machine gun while standing on the hood of a moving school bus. co-stars the ambient charlotte lewis and canada's own scott hylands (of tv's night heat fame).

charlotte's deadly beauty and lethal kicks make the movie cooler than it'd be otherwise.the story is so poor and charlotte's character dies in such a foolish way, that you wonder if this's the ending they had thought of for this movie. i wish somebody could tell that an alternative ending exists, but i fear it doesn't. as for the rest of the cst, well i'd say they simply didn't act very well; although the blame should be put on the poor script.this movie reminds me of rush hour 2 where zhang ziyi dies in absurd way, since she had been the only one who had stolen the show during the whole movie. i could give this movie 2/5

when you pick a movie i hope one factor you will consider, are the actors in the movie using their fame to influence the moral fabric of our society in a positive or negative way? this is not a political statement this is a moral issue that effects are society. when a comedian/actor makes curl sexual and racist remarks about a teenager and her father we should ask ourselves (do i want to support that behavior)? in this case mr. foxx behavior tears at the social fabric that teaches our youth right from wrong, good behavior from bad that loving-kindness is better than hatefulness. mr. foxx should remember he is only entertainment and there is a lot of that out there for us to choose from. saying sorry does not get him off the hook. it will not undue the hurt or remove the bad behavior he spreads to our youth. one way to stop this behavior is to stop being a fan of it. no longer see anything they are part of. we cannot change them but we can stop the fame we give them.

what could have been an engaging-and emotionally charged character study is totally undermined by the predictable factor. fox is ok as nathaniel ayers, the julliard trained musician who dreams of playing with the walt disney orchestra until his bouts with schizophrenia drive him into the street and ultimately skid row. looking for a good story to boost his flagging career, reporter steve lopez {robert "rehab" downey } gets to know him and tells his story. taking every element of the classic "how we hit the skids" movies, borrowing very liberally from "a beautiful mind", taking the bogus "feel good" attitude of films like "rocky"-you pick the sequel number-and whipping up too much 1930s style melodrama all that is left on the screen is a burnt out shell of a movie. it is corny, trite, utterly predictable and plays way too often on our sentiments. i hate to say it, but this is the kind of movie that, if you say you hated it, people will give you bad looks. i really wish i could say something positive about this film, but i really can't. the acting redeems it somewhat, but not enough for me to give it more than one star. strictly made for tv movie stuff. not worth your time.

anyone who has seen 'shine',scott hicks film of the heartbreaking yet ultimately joyful life of the pianist david helfgotts; will i am sure realise that 'the soloist' is very poor in comparison.it is as slow as a lullaby( i took five breaks answering emails just to wake up). the depiction of the homeless area way over the top and extremely self indulgent, on a par i fear with the awful beach battle depiction in joe wrights other disaster attonment. .j fox performance was an extremely poor example of acting and lacked credibility from the offset.downey on the other hand; although struggling with a badly paced film, still manages to charm,9is it me or is he turning into george clooney in more ways than one?). comparing both these well known so called 'star'actors though is unnecessary as the light that shines brightest as far as acting is concerned must be that of 'shine's' geoeffry rush who's brilliant performance definitely shone far brighter in my sky. with both 'attonment' and 'the soloist' the written word wins far more prizes for empathy of subject. read the book and articles or wait for the dvd its bound to be in the bargain basement soon.

the soloist has all ingredients to impress the academy. its director, joe wright, has already authored a best picture candidate. the leading actor, robert downey jr., starred in a widely praised superhero film. finally, the movie itself is a drama. when it was mysteriously pulled from release in late 2008, filmgoers and critics were baffled. now that i've seen it, i assure you universal didn't just delay this film to promote iron man-oscar buzz. the soloist is a weak drama with no external conflict that is vastly inferior to any 2009 best picture candidates.downey and co-star jamie fox aren't to be blamed for this mishap. joe wright is largely at fault but even he can't save a lifetime story. many movies are too complex and alienate viewers. this one is unusually simple. it's a movie about a newspaper reporter, steve lopez (downey), who befriends a homeless musician, nathaniel ayers (jamie fox). that's it. ayers is schizophrenic and doesn't resonate with lopez's traditional approach to friendship. the two become friends. they begin this movie as acquaintances and are bffs by its end. tension consists of moments like this: will ayers let lopez take him to the homeless shelter? this material would have been better suited as a made-for-tv production rather than a feature film.wright includes many scenes of cheap humor to obscure the lack of content. lopez battles yard-defiling raccoons in what i consider a sub-plot. do you remember when this happened in atonement or pride and prejudice? those films were structured enough to permit an occasional joke but nothing so prolonged. ayers' back story is fleshed out when it doesn't need to be. worst of all, these scenes are not connected and appear at random intervals. it's a way of admitting that the main story carries little appeal. nathaniel was a violin prodigy with a tough upbringing (i was too). this is a fabricated attempt to create sympathy with ayers when most of us already have it. he's a homeless schizophrenic for crying out loud! the movie somewhat conveys humanity's love for music, like amadeus and beethoven lives upstairs. it isn't as effective as either of those pictures, however. the entire film is hinged on ayers' schizophrenia. it ultimately is how he interacts with everyone else. his being a musician is a nice touch but hardly worth including. the film doesn't incorporate this characteristic fully into his persona. take music out of amadeus or beethoven lives upstairs, and no film remains. the soloist is more about friendship in general than music. nathaniel could be a writer or film critic and few lines of dialog would need to be seriously altered.this is only joe wright's third film, and his first that isn't a romance staring keira knightley. let's hope this film isn't an indication of how limited his abilities are. there are stylistic nods to his earlier works but the soloist is much weaker than either of them. in his defense, universal should not have agreed to widely release this picture. this film seems tailored for imagine entertainment (distributors of changeling). i wouldn't be so disappointed with it if had a limited release. its poor box office performance may inhibit better dramas from being distributed nationally.

this film is hardly good, not great at all. a few memorable scenes and the unlucky choice of pairing norma jean with an actual actress. jane russell has it all working for her, marilyn's lesser woman and/or actress. one can only wonder why this is considered being one of the highlights of her lame career. 3/10

evidently lots of people really like this, but i found it infantilising and reasonably offensive codswallop, saved from oblivion by jane russell and a couple of memorable musical numbers, especially the opener (but there's a marked dip in invention later on). i don't get on with monroe - she's supposed to be playing a dumb blonde who ain't that dumb, but she just comes over as dumb. russell can't quite convince when she claims never to have been in a gymnasium, but is otherwise rather wonderful. the men are staggeringly uninteresting, as is the plot. by no means atrocious, but so patchy that, if this is a classic, god help us all.

this is a movie about how men think women think about love. no woman describes a one-night sexual encounter and declares it a love story.of the ten monologues i felt only three really had any kind of truth ring through them. i kept waiting for the film to get better, and it did a bit, but never better enough.this is an interesting concept, and i kept wanting it to be good, but it never succeeded. maybe if they actually were love stories it would have worked.

contrary to another reviewer, i think that this is well-written, especially the more fictional it is, because greater imagination would be required; and well acted, because there were no other characters with whom to share the focus of these dozen-minutes-plus, well-done monologues. but i'm just not entertained by such solemn, pious rememberances. everybody has a story to tell and some are more interesting than others. everybody has problems and some are more intense than others. these are just ten, not-very-atypical stories and problems, exemplifying how anybody's life (or part of it) is fodder for film. then again, i think poorly of tv's reality shows, too. so, if that's your bag, you may like this. it's the kind of stuff that would make for good 'phone and/or internet gossip; but absolutely without other-than-verbal action. and, although each of the speakers is female, i'm gonna leave gender outta this.

i discovered this movie on ifc, and i thought it would be interesting. for "tiny" love stories, some of the stories really dragged on in this movie. the fact that none of these women had names almost makes you suspect that the actresses were talking about their own real sex lives, including kathy baker and alicia witt. i have to admit, i want to start seeing some more romantic views of first sexual encounters again, like in "strike!(1998)," when odette sinclair's acquaintances started asking about her presumed first time, and tweety asked "was it beautiful?"some might think re-enactments and flashbacks would improve this movie. i think it would make things even worse. it doesn't necessarily have to be hardcore porn to get my attention, but somehow i just expected more.

the exclamation point in the title is appropriate, albeit an understatement. this movie doesn't just cry -- it shrieks loud enough to shatter glass.filmmakers andrew and virginia stone made shrill, humorless suspense thrillers that strove for a semi-documentary feel. here, they shot on actual new york locations with tinny "real-life" acoustics to jack up the verisimilitude. but the naturalism of the sound recording only serves to amplify the stones' maladroit dialog and the mouth-frothing histrionics of tortured butterfly inger stevens.in a performance completely devoid of modulation, stevens plays the wife of electronics whiz james mason (looking haggard and bored); both are held captive by extortionist rod steiger (looking bloated and bored) and his slimy cohorts in a scheme to blackmail an airline with a deadly bomb that mason has unwittingly helped construct.here is another credibility-straining instance of a criminal mastermind so brilliantly attentive to every detail, yet knuckleheaded enough to hire a drug-addicted degenerate as an underling. the stones' idea of nail-biting tension is to trap the hysterical stevens alone with benzedrine-popping rapist neville brand, filling the frame with his sweaty, drooling kisser. but the camera work is so leaden and brand so (uncharacteristically) demure that the effect is hardly lurid, much less suspenseful. the stones, a square pair at heart, don't even have the courage of their own lack of convictions.the film, which ends with the portly steiger chasing the fleet-footed stevens on a subway train track, is as clumsy as its ungainly heavy. with angie dickinson as steiger's amoral girlfriend, jack klugman, kenneth tobey, and barney philips.

i found this movie to be a great idea, that didn't deliver. it seems they found a way to build suspense, but couldn't stage their payoffs very well. in one case the police, are on the clock to find the hideout of the kidnappers. they painstakingly go from dentist to dentist to match a dental record. at the same time, the kidnapped man (mason) escapes through the elevator shaft. after all the build up, the police arrive at the same time he gets free, which is very anti-climatic to say the least. there are also large narration scenes that take us "inside the thinking" of the terrorized husband and wife, which detracts from the suspense rather than adds to it. we are fully aware of their tension, and the voice-over is an insult and robs the viewer of any chance of a personal experience with the fear, as hitchcock proved time and again, is far more effective. the greatest disappointment, is to sit through the whole movie, and the get the quick, rather bland ending. i mean it just..."ends" in a snore.

the best thing i can say about this film is that it is well-paced. it did not fall flat. the next best things are the supporting performances by the actor playing foppish groom-to-be edward, the always marvelous holland taylor, and the actor playing taylor's husband. the actor helping to critique messing's potential outfits in an early scene brings a delightful absurd-yet-winning quality to the proceedings. okay, that's about it on the positive side.dermot mulroney, whom i adore, is far more believable expressing contempt for messing than in any scene where he's attempting to be either businesslike or supporting. as others noted, he appears to have no emotional investment in this enterprise other than wrapping it up as quickly as possible. messing, on the other hand, sincerely tries to carry the film and to create the illusion of chemistry with mulroney. she is adequate doing so, but is simply not strong enough an actress to pull all of this off without help. give her an "e" for effort and a "c+" for achievement. given mulroney's indifference, the one thing that could've helped messing would have been a brilliantly cavalier irons-esquire performance from the actor playing her ex-fiancé, jeffrey. instead, his performance is weak-kneed, mewling, and feckless.if i tried to analyze this one any further, i'd obviously be paying more attention than most of the people involved. it's harmless enough to pass time if you have nothing else to do, and less obnoxious (and less creative) than the wedding singer, but you're much better off watching "my best friend's wedding" again.

no cinematic achievements here, however that's not even the important question. how does it fare in its endeavour to be a competent date movie--and star vehicle?the formula requires the cute female lead a la ryan or aniston--check; there's a built-in tv audience!add thick-headed, compliant men, usually including the problem ex-boyfriend/fiancée--check. assemble a plot that maximizes the bankability of the stars. so far, so good.what is the male lead to consist of? he has to make all the women in the movie and in the audience (and the gay flight stewards) instantly swoon. but...he cannot be so hunky as to threaten to the male audience, and he can't outshine the star. roll cameras...the problem is messing thinks she's still in a sitcom...she has only one presentation: as the wide-eyed doormat that she's made a career out of. a capable actress might have pulled it off after the love scene, where things promptly nosedive into the soap suds. you can't help feeling good for mulroney...you can read it in his face that he sees through all of this. he's gotten all the respect of a lifetime .260 hitter. this time, he smacks one out to the warning track, and no one can figure out what to do, as he amusedly takes home plate.

a warning to potential viewers: if you are looking for an adaptation of the classic story "the most dangerous game," look elsewhere. "seven women for satan"only superficially addresses the original work by using the name of zaroff and having said character murder people.some of what follows might be considered by some to be spoilers. or not.boris zaroff is played by writer/director michel lemoine. whereas his ancestor hunted men because they were the only prey that were truly challenging, boris' victims are usually in a position where they cannot defend themselves. the film rambles from scene to scene with a near-total lack of clarity. the director seems to have totally disregarded pacing and left the viewer with a suffocatingly dull film. a few individual scenes are mildly interesting (such as a torture rack sequence), but as a unit, the film fails to entertain. viewers who are moreinterested in an assortment of attractive and semi-attractive actresses in various stages of undress might find the film watchable. most will probably find their time is better spent watching mentos commercials.in a side note, the dvd extras included a fair amount of information on the film's history. apparently, it was banned for several years in its native france which pretty much ruined any chance it had for widespread distribution.

what do you expect when there is no script to begin with, and therefore nothing that the director can work with. hayek and farrell, and donaldson and kirkin are good actors, they just don't have anything to say or anything to react to. even the earthquake was pretty poor. and i don't know how closely the movie follows the novel, but two have the jewish girl show up out of nowhere just so show that arturo has a nice, warm heart, but some stereotypes don't amount to anything. and he even buries camilla out in the desert, instead of bringing her back to l.a. for a nice catholic burial where he could at least bring her flowers once in a while. pathetic. and the l.a. set was ridiculously graphically created. anything good? the window to his apartment felt real, the curtains, the sounds, the wind. and donaldson is always great. has been since the body snatchers or night of the living dead, whichever it was.

gorgeous bodies, gorgeous colors and camera work, pretentious dialog, banal plot. the name of the prima donna, camilla, and the eponymous flowers that appear frequently, are enough to remind us of the plot similarities from dumas' novel la dame aux camelias, the movie camille starring garbo and (i think) robert taylor, and last but not least verdi's opera la traviata. beautiful, not-too-virtuous young ladies, social outcasts for one reason or another, loved, split up, reunited just in time to die of tuberculosis in the last scene... one forgives banal plots and stupid unrealistic dialog in opera, but why waste hayak, don sutherland, a beautiful rendition of la in the 30s, a deus ex machina earthquake that conveniently kills the other woman, and all that beauty on this mediocre turkey where there isn't even any beautiful singing?

this film is based on the novel by john fante. could someone please tell me why? i see absolutely no reason why this fine book should be adapted in this way. if you want to make a romantic melodramatic hollywood production with colin farell and selma hayek, then how could you possibly make a connection to ask the dust (the novel)? -and if you wanted to make this story into a film, then why would you want to make it into a romantic melodramatic hollywood production with colin farell and selma hayek? i don't get it.the adaptation of the story is poorly made, and if you have read the book and liked it, i'm almost sure you won't like what towne did with it. in the beginning of the film you'll maybe find the casting odd, the acting bad and the cinematography just a bit overdone. but you hope for the best. i really hoped a lot during this film. i actually wanted it to be good. but it only gets worse, and it is as simple as that: whether you read fantes novel or not, this is not a good film. just another romantic melodramatic hollywood production combined with bad acting, lack of structure and - of course - plenty of shots of colin farells naked butt.i could complain a lot more about this film, but why waste my time. i've seen it. alright. i had to see it, because i like the book so much and was curious. and i'm very disappointed.1/10 is for colin's sweet little mustache in the end of the film. so sweet... had he worn it the whole time through, i'd given it 2/10.

the 1930' were a golden age of los angeles with its film industry and great potential of various other possibilities to become rich and famous and happy. people were arriving there hoping to fulfill their dreams. expecting open arms and welcoming offers there were only a few who managed to succeed and find their way to stardom, majority then condemned to live starving, disillusioned and unwanted, searching for a bit of respect in dirty bars and nasty hotel rooms. young italian-american writer arturo bandini arrives to la on a similar quest - to spread his charms around to get one of those beautiful wealthy women and to write an excellent novel that would set him on a career path, having so far written a single short story published in an obscure anthology. wishing to create a romantic masterpiece he seems to be unable to produce anything without experiencing it himself though, occasionally, he sends pieces of magazine stories to a local editor that helps him survive. he is proud to present himself as an italian but deep in his heart he truly feels his italian origin as a burden. the little money and the courage to conquer the world he once had are all long gone and watching his dream turning into a hangover he holds a last single nickel to spend. the coffee she brought him was cold and sour and spitting a curse on her triggers a never-ending relationship of insults, unspoken excuses and a love concealed beneath. camilla being an uneducated girl trying to receive us citizenship through a marriage also carries her heavy cross of a non-perspective racial heritage. though she is much of a stronger and life experienced person her situation as a beautiful mexican woman is much harder to deal with than arturo is able to realize. is it obvious that arturo eventually finds his inspiration to work on the novel? is it possible that their love finally finds its place in the sun? is it likely that their romance takes an unlucky turn?it is very surprising to find out that the chemistry between the two main characters, performed by salma hayek and colin farrell, does not work. the relationship lacks the raw and authentic feelings. hayek though livelier a character compared to farrell's forgot to arm camilla with the passion and strength of her once brilliant character frida. also it is hard to have faith in a character which being intelligent but uneducated and illiterate uses quite difficult vocabulary and complicated sentences. a tougher character of a phil marlowe sort would definitely suit farrell better, though he looks stunning in a period costume, he seems very lost trying to find the fragile world of a twenty-year old dreamer balancing between a hidden love and desire to be true to himself. feeling embarrassed watching the two on the screen is not right. their relationship might have been wild but it is more likely what a thunder and a lightning are without a storm, far from real passion, feelings just described not felt inside. it is very sad that such a potential of an interesting script and good actors was wasted, turned into a grey average of soon-to-be-forgotten.

i don't like this film, but then i didn't think much of the book either which, although lauded by many as a "masterpiece", i found lacking in character development and disjointed and illogical in plot, although it was far more readable than fante's dreadful first effort "road to los angeles" not published until fante became fashionable in the mid 80s.i was intrigued to see what sort of soup towne would make with such meager ingredients. he has worked hard script-wise to repair the many shortcomings of the book but for my money didn't rescue it. there was never a movie in ask the dust while ever he tried to stay faithful to the book. i consider this film towne's folly.in a word: forgettable.

given the history of the director of this movie, it is hard to believe that this was such a painfully bad movie to sit through. i was at the european premiere last night and one of the executive producers was there. he was yet to see the movie and, boy, was he in for a surprise. i have not read the book that this is based upon, nor do i know if it highly rated or appreciated, but i have read "captain correlli's mandolin" and given how poorly that was adapted for screen and how bad this movie was, i can only presume that something similar has happened here. the acting wasn't bad albeit that there were a couple-too-many raised eyebrows from farrell. honestly, i can't believed how little i cared for any character in this movie. situations play out on the screen in an empty sequence of nothingness. donald sutherland's part comprises a few scenes where he opens a door, says something and closes it again. i kept looking at my watch when i wasn't cringing at the dialogue on the screen. i have never walked out on a movie but i was tempted to start during this. i gave this movie a score of '2' for reasons which seem horrendously shallow to me but these are the best things that i can say about this movie. the first is that i really enjoyed the all-too-short earthquake scene and the second is that salma hayek got naked and looked beautiful. i can say little else positive about this movie. don't ask the dust anything, it can't talk!

what is happening to itv drama. first, "losing gemma" quite simply the worst tv drama i have seen in years, and now "perfect parents" a complete shambles from start to finish. whoever is responsible for commissioning this drivel should be receiving there p45 by special delivery.in most drama/thrillers, a requirement to suspend certain levels of belief is necessary so that the the plot line can develop, but "perfect parents" took this to a new level,i suspended so much belief by the end of this nonsense i felt i had been force fed on a lorry load of "magic mushrooms", it was like the scriptwriters had decided to try and create a "drama by numbers" involving some serious issues - religion, education,greed,fear,murder,paedophillia the only trouble was as the great eric morecambe once said when playing a piano, "i'm playing all the right notes, just not necessarily in the correct order". for your next script guys, i suggest you try reading a few more books on script development than "script writing for dummies".due to the ridiculous script and the utter lack of tension in the direction, the acting was suitably low key, not the fault of the actors as the cast was top notch. but i suggest that all of the actors involved in this sorry piece of drama should instruct their agents the next time the postman attempts to deliver a script from itv drama department, make sure the letterbox is firmly nailed shut!!

imagine that in adapting a james bond novel into a movie, the filmmakers eliminated all the action and suspense in order to make it kid-friendly. or if a television producer told chris rock he couldn't cuss so that his specials could be rated pg. in the same way, the director of the movie "something wicked this way comes" took out the excitement and gore in favor of melodrama for younger audiences. this created a monotonous plot without the complications of the book. in trying to make the story of "something wicked this way comes" easier for children to follow, the filmmakers eliminated the theme of good and evil both existing in everyone, and good always prevailing over evil. this is apparent in will's character transformation, charles halloway's rescue of jim, and the carnival's defeat.will's transformation into a more adventurous boy has been muted in the movie. the scene in which the dust witch visits will's house in a balloon has been cut from the film. instead, a green mist follows jim and will home and gives them the same bad dream about the witch and her spiders. the balloon attack shows us that will has begun to conquer his fear of doing things on his own. he gets on top of a neighbor's roof and tears the balloon with a bow, defeating the witch. "sorry, dad, he thought, and sat up, smiling. this time it's me out, alone," will decides as he prepares to face her (147.) removing this scene from the movie prevents us from understanding that will is becoming more adventuresome. the film shows us many examples of will being afraid to follow jim, but never growing curious like his friend. in the book, will has both a good, quiet side and an "evil," daring side like his jim. in the movie, each boy only has one mode of thought, which destroys bradbury's theme of both good and evil being present in each person.in the book, will saves jim because of their friendship, but, in the movie, charles halloway saves jim to repay jim's father. will pulls jim off the carousel in bradbury's novel because he doesn't want his best friend to grow up without him. it is the good in will, the fact that he cares about his friend, that saves jim from the evil curse of the carnival. on the carousel, jim "gestured his other hand free to trail on the wind, the one part of him, the small, white, separate part that still remembered their friendship" (269.) this shows that there was good left inside of jim, which has the potential to still defeat evil. but when charles halloway saves jim in the movie, he does it to repay the debt he owes jim's father, who saved will when he was a little boy. by changing the motivation for saving jim, the filmmakers have ruined bradbury's original idea that it takes good to win against evil.in the end of the movie, the carnival is defeated by a tornado and lightning instead of smiles and laughter. when the book ends, mr. dark turns himself into a little boy and charles halloway smiles and laughs at him so much that he can't stand it and evaporates. in bradbury's world, evil people feed off fear and can only be defeated by happiness and love. his message is that good will always prevail over evil, but only if that goodness is expressed outwardly. "good to evil seems evil," says charles halloway as he holds the dying mr. dark. "so i will do only good to you, jed. i'll simply hold you and watch you poison yourself" (275.) in the movie, mr. dark is the only one left on the carousel when lightning hits it, and he dies. by eliminating the weapon of laughter and smiles, the filmmakers imply that bad weather is the most effective way to defeat evil, as if lightning only strikes those who are bad. this takes away the major theme of bradbury's book, which is that doing "good" toward others wards off evil.good may always triumph over evil, but trying to make movies more kid-friendly will always force filmmakers to leave out some of the themes from the books they are based on. in the movie, "something wicked this way comes," will does not transform, will's friendship does not save jim, and smiles and laughter do not defeat the carnival. as a result, the filmmakers have left out too many of bradbury's main points. the process of adapting a book to a movie too often ruins the world the author has established. in the case of this story, bradbury's frightening world of opposing forces of good and evil has been reduced to a tamer, simpler version of itself.

i watched this movie on march 21 this year.must say disappointment.but much better than "tridev".plot is hackneyed.tells about prabhat who lives with his father,wife and his little brother.the movie opens when he saves a bride.anyway.azghar jhurhad makes a plot to kill his young brother.he makes a plan by sending few man.they come to a school pretended to be prabhats friends.kill that kid.his father throws him out of the house.then later comes back.he and aakash go to kenya to find him.sunny gives a good performance,chunky was annoying at best,naseerdun is wasted.divya did good,sonam was wasted,jyotsna was wasted but looked cute.the kid which played sunnys brother in the movie was cute.too sad he had to get his character killed.the girl was cute but was annoying.the other kid did good.alok did good.kiran was adequate.amrish and gulshan did good.the cinematography is excellent in both india and kenya.script is weak but has a few good dialogs.also drags .the movie.the music was alright.i only liked one song"saat samundar" the lyrics of that song was good.the other songs were forgettable.don't watch this. rating-3/10

most action films are crass of hindi cinema, especially of sunny and his family the film is typical sunny type with bashes, big dialogues and melodramathe film also has typical rajiv rai ingredients of many henchmen and a weird villainthe starting is okay and then the shift to kenya is good but then the film goes on and on the sequence of events move at a slow pace and nothing that great happensthey are many stupid scenes like the kenya policemen are shown like jokers especially sharatthe climax too is prolongedrajiv rai does an okay job music is okay, only 1 song works and that is the last toofan camera-work is goodsunny deol is as usual, chunky acts like a monkey while his serious scenes are laughable, naseer is alright heroines are pure wood amrish puri is not even half as scary as he was in tridev the rest are okay

before i begin, you need to know that i am a huge fan of many of sonny chiba's films. his biographical series of the life of his master, mas oyama, were amazing and among the best martial arts films ever made, as were most of his street fighter films. the action was practically non-stop and with the possible exception of bruce lee (depending on who you ask), he was the greatest martial arts practitioner on film during the 1970s. because they are so good, i've seen at least 15 of his films and recently bought some more (which i am in the process of watching).unfortunately, despite my love of these films, i am not a mind-numbed zombie who worships the man to such a degree that i rate every film a 10. there are a few reviews like this here on imdb and i truly think that anyone giving this film a 10 should be ignored because this is such a bad film from a technical standpoint and isn't even close to the being chiba's best work. a score of 10 isn't a real rating--it's some zombie fan trying to make a statement about chiba, not this film! as i said, technically this film is awful. some of this was the result of my seeing the american dubbed version, with its irrelevant prologue and bad dubbing. but most of the problem would still exist with the original japanese print. the camera-work is simply atrocious--like it was done by chimps (smart chimps, but still chimps nonetheless). often, much of the fast martial arts action is missed because the camera is so slow or the tops of the actors heads are clipped off due to the shoddiness of production. and, again and again, the camera pans in and out like it is a new toy being used by an idiot plus the editing is beyond wretched--with cuts being done haphazardly and confusingly.i don't know whether the musical score is original or not--but it was also very, very bad. sort of like acid rock of 1970 blended poorly with ennio morricone's "spaghetti western" music--it was annoying, distracting and just plain silly.as for the martial arts action, i think that having chimps do the choreography would have improved things a bit. instead of the great fight scenes you'd look forward to in a chiba film, the fights are too brief and often missed by the camera!! so what you are left with is the story...and this might just be the worst part of the film! it's supposed to be an anti-drug film starring sonny chiba as....sonny chiba! and when the film begins, he vows to destroy the drug trade in japan. but, the mafia (complete with not a single member who looks italian, but who are all japanese) vows to stop chiba. and, when a lady comes to chiba with promises to give him information about how to destroy the drug trade, he agrees to help her and risk his life with no conditions--even though she's never forthright about telling him what she knows! in fact, later it turns out she is just trying to use chiba to protect her while she herself sells a huge briefcase full of cocaine--and he continues trying to protect her!! this makes no sense at all and throughout much of the film it looks as if they just shot the film without a script--such as when they went into the bars and brothels and had chiba walking about as if he was drunk.so if it was that bad, why still does it merit a 3? well, first, there are many more horrid marital arts films (such as many of those from hong kong in the 1970s)--including one with guys dressed up in gorilla suits doing kung fu and their handlers with 3 foot long tongues they used for fighting (now that's bad). second, while the action is very bad compared to other sonny chiba films, compared to its contemporaries, it's not that bad. still, you could easily do a lot better than this horrid little film.by the way, if you are wondering if this is the worst sonny chiba film, it certainly is not! in one of his first films, invasion of the neptune men, chiba plays a leotard-wearing super-hero who battles pointy-headed invaders from the planet neptune. it's so bad that it rivals plan 9 from outer space and they saved hitler's brain for awfulness.a final note to parents--like most of sonny chiba's films, this one is very violent and has its share of boobies. don't let little kids watch this no matter how much they beg! make them wait until they are older before you let them watch wretched rated-r martial arts films!

its unfortunate that someone decided to spin off on the best horror movies of all time in my book. this poor copy steals lots of material from the first three films going as far as even copying how persons die and what will happen in the future to the key characters and it basically tries to cram in three films into one and fails. it fails even to create a good scary atmosphere for one (except with the odd exception where the impressive choral music brings back memories of the old films).the only thing we can be thankful for is that there has not been an omen v.

'the omen 4: the awakening' is a made-for-television sequel to the original 'the omen' film. instead of satan possessing the body of a little boy, he possesses the body of a little girl adopted by rich parents, who is bullied at school and who ends up getting revenge against those who do her wrong. the film seems to struggle with any horror factor, and a lot of the events that happen are simply silly rather than particularly frightening, and it is difficult to believe that this little girl is satan, even with all of the events that surround it. i just did not find this film very suspenseful or frightening, particularly when compared to the original.

the only connection this movie has to horror is that it is horribly unentertaining. i would rather prick my finger with a rusty nail than have to sit through it again. even for a tv movie it is flat. the cast is boring. the screenplay is as exciting as a bowl of sand. how two directors conspired to create such a nothing movie will remain one of the great mysteries of the 20th century. there is only one scene even vaguely worthy of inclusion in the omen franchise, and it is shot in slo-mo and cut short at the anticipated pay-off. if you are tempted to see this, pop it in, set your alarm clock for 90 minutes and get comfy. with any luck you'll doze off quickly, and the alarm will wake you once the worst is over. namely, this movie.

since i'd seen the other three, i figured i might as well catch this made for tv fourth part of the omen series. as a stand alone film, this movie is mediocre; but as a sequel to the 1976 masterpiece; it's a travesty. the film goes along the same route that many series' go down when they're running out of ideas; that being the idea of changing the male lead to a female. it's always obvious that this film was made for television as the acting is very standard, the plot lacks ideas and the gruesome murder scenes seen in the previous three are kept to a bloodless minimum. the film does keep a thread with the original, which i won't reveal as despite being obvious; that revelation is one of the most interesting aspects of the movie. the basics of the plot largely copy richard donner's original, and see a young couple adopt a child, which they name delia (not damiella or damiana, fortunately). there's a big dog involved, and a child minder; and pretty soon, the wife starts to suspect that the child may not quite be normal; as she's menstruating at eight years old, and never suffered from any illnesses...the first two sequels to the omen weren't bad at all, and the series really should have ended at number three. i guess there was money involved somewhere down the line, as there really is no artistic reason why this film should have been made. it brings nothing to the table in terms of originality, and the only thing it's likely to succeed in doing is annoying fans of the series. the film looks and feels like a tv movie all the way through and for the most part plays out like a film about the troubled upbringing of a young girl. indeed, asia vieira does look like a little bitch; but she never convinces that she's the antichrist, as her stares are redundant and most of the 'evil' she does is laughable. faye grant is given the meatiest role, and doesn't impress; while the rest of the cast regret agreeing to star in such an awful waste of time. the only good thing about this movie is the theme tune, which of course has been ripped off from the original; and is overused. on the whole, this film really isn't worth seeing; as it delivers nothing that the series is famous for, and doesn't even do justice to weaker second sequel.

on the surface the idea of omen 4 was good. it's nice to see that the devil child could be a girl. in fact, sometimes, as in the exorcist, when girls are possessed or are devilry it's very effective. but in omen 4, it stunk.delia does not make me think that she could be a devil child, rather she is a child with issues. issues that maybe only a therapist, rather then a priest could help. she does not look scary or devilish. rather, she looks sulky and moody.this film had potential and if it was made by the same people who had made the previous three films it could of worked. but it's rather insulting really to make a sequel to one of the most favoured horror trilogies, as a made for tv movie special.on so many levels it lets down. it's cheap looking, the acting is hammish and the effects are typical of a tv drama. the characters do not bring any sympathy, and you do not route for them. i recently re-watched it after someone brought it for me for christmas, and it has dated appalling.if your thinking of watching this, then i would suggest that you don't. watch one of the others, or watch the exorcist, or watch the good son. just don't waste your time on this drivel!

what was the deal with the clothes? they were all dressed like something out of the late 70's early 80s. the cars were even were outdated. the school was outdated. the nuns attire was outdated, and the hospital looked like something from the 40's, with its wards and wooden staircases and things. nothing in the whole movie implied it took place in 1991. my mother was laughing, saying "geeeee-od! when was this movie made?" when we pressed the "info button" on our remote, we were sure 1991 had to be typo! did anybody else notice this? my favorite part, though, was when the woman tells her uppity muck husband, on the telephone, about the inverted cross in the mirror, and he just says "well, look, i've got a congress meeting. i'll talk to you about it later." that line was just classic. just like a man! my mothers favorite part was when they gave the "spawn of the devil child" her very own rottweiler. my mother said "just what the spawn of the devil needs... a rottweiler" she also enjoyed all of the people collapsing in the churches, clutching their chests. her other favorite part was the guy at the school parking lot, driving 5 miles a hour, driving right into the garbage truck/dump truck/front end loader thingee. he had about 20 seconds to just stop the car...but he just kept going, with a real dumb vacant look on his face. i mean, how fast can you go in a school parking lot?!?! whatever!

this inferior sequel based by the characters created by david selzer and harvey bernhard(also producer) concern on a matrimony named gene(michael woods) and karen york(faye grant). they adopt a little girl named delia from a convent. gene york about re-elect for congressman and he presides the financing committee. meanwhile, delia seems to be around when inexplicable deaths happen. she creates wreak havoc when goes a metaphysical fair, as stores of numerology, therapy, counselling heal,yoga, tarots, among others are destroyed. karen york hires an eye private(michael lerner) to investigate the weird and bizarre events.this tv sequel displays thrills, chills, creepy events and gory killing. delia such as damien seems to dispatch new eerie murder every few minutes of film, happening horrible killings . the chief excitement lies in watching what new and innocent victim can be made by the middling special effects. furthermore, mediocre protagonists, faye grant and michael woods, however nice cast secondary, such as michael lerner,madison mason, duncan fraser and the recently deceased don s davis, he was an army captain turned into acting. as always , excellent musical score taken from omen i and iii by the great jerry goldsmith. the movie is exclusively for hardcore followers omen saga. the motion picture is badly directed by jorge montesi and dominique othenin girard. previous and much better versions are the following : the immensely superior original 'omen'(gregory peck, lee remick)by richard donner; 'damien'(william holden, lee grant) by don taylor; 'final conflict'(sam neil and tisa harrow) by grahame baker. rating : below average.

having listened to and enjoyed harvey bernhard's omen ii commentary i was shocked to discover he was also behind this absolute piece of rubbish. it's like a really bad tv movie you might glimpse in the middle of the day when you have the flu and are too ill to reach the remote. i think at the bit where michael lerner is confronted by what i can only describe as a high school cast of les miserables my mouth hung open in disbelief. and then my mouth was going up and down because i was laughing so much. dire. i don't know why i have to write a minimum of ten lines, i have made my point succinctly, there's nothing clever about all this modern verbiage.

and it did. it is through my experience that when a horror film reaches "franchise" status, and subsequent titles are released thereafter, they all, in turn, become stricken by one inevitable factor: irrelevance. omen iv: the awakening makes no exception to this rule, featuring another small child supposedly embracing their role as the anti-christ, foretold by a religious prophecy. haven't we seen this before? wasn't it enough that, over the span of three films prior to this release, we've experienced the rise and fall of damien thorn? if you're a horror enthusiast such as myself, you'll realize that it's common for a horror movie that has many sequels and prequels to its credit to fade away into redundancy - children of the corn, hellraiser, phantasm; the list goes on. at this point in the game, i'm sure you know what to expect when you're prepared to view the fourth title in a series. regardless, there are times when you sit back and realize how shameless some filmmakers are. omen iv: the awakening is just that, too - a shameless money making exercise.this film does not offer anything new or intriguing to the omen lineup. as unique and genuine as omen iv tries to be compared to its siblings, the similarities and plot devices are embarrassingly alike. elements like the guardian dog, the involvement of a priest, the skepticism of the people involved, the decapitation death scene (clearly a homage to the original film when the journalist is beheaded by the sheet of glass)...even right down to the father's involvement in politics and prestige within the community make it too predictable. although it is common to star a b-rated cast into a horror title this far into a series, the acting is off the charts, chock-full of ridiculousness and unintentional humor due to some of the poorly delivered lines throughout this film. the atmosphere has completely vanished in comparison to the first three titles. in addition, the epic score composed by goldsmith in the previous movies has been replaced by an auditory debacle; an absolute joke, and made me wonder if it was actually intended to be used for this film or just pulled from a "bank" of stock audio...which really says something, because rarely do i comment on the lousy misuse of a musical score - until now.all in all, i'd call omen iv: the awakening a failure. in the world of horror movies that carry a long list of titles behind them, some manage to hit the mark and some don't. if you're interested in creating another notch on your weathered horror belt such as i am for completion purposes, perhaps you could carve this title into it as well - if not for entertainment value, then to appreciate when a film is executed properly, or poorly.

after the already disappointing "final conflict", the series hits rock-bottom with this very weak fourth entry. at least the third film tried (unsuccessfully) to continue the story of damien, while this one simply rehashes and copies ideas from the "omen" (animals are afraid of the antichrist, the death of one man is very similar to the death of the photographer in the first film). but what looked exciting and creative there looks just dumb here. and the little girl looks simply like a spoiled kid.

***spoilers*** like some evil tinkers-to-evers-to-chance double-play combination we have in "omen iv" the evil seed of the deceased antichrist damien thorn come back. terrorizing his parents his schoolmates his neighbors and finally the entire world as a she named delia york, asia vieila. after being given to a "deserving" couple the yorks karen & gene, fay grant & michael woods,by the catholic church's st. francis orphanage.little delia didn't waste any time making her peasants felt by scratching her mom at a house party. later delia almost get killed by a runaway truck only to have herself saved by this "devil dog" named ryder. going to school delia takes care of the local bully by getting the big guy to wet himself in front of all his classmates. later when his father threatens the yorks with a law suit she has his head sliced off in a self-induced traffic accident! delia is someone that you never mess with if you know what's good for you.meanwhile dalia's dad gene becomes a big man in town on his own, or so he thinks, by getting elected to the congress as a champion of the clean air and green trees crowd instead of letting the smog and concrete boys take over the neighborhood with his eye now on he white house itself! did his bratty and strange daughter delia have anything to do with gene york's sudden good fortune?it's only later when jo, ann hearen, is hired as delia's nanny that the truth's comes out about her strange and evil powers. jo a new age type realizes that delia is a bit weird, after turning all her white crystals black, and calls her new age guru noah, jim byrnes, to come over and check her out. noah is so upset by what he sees in delia kirilian color vibrations ,all black and blue with a little pinch of red, that it flips him out so bad that he almost crashed into delia's moms car.taken on a trip to a psychic festival by jo delia turns the entire event into an inferno setting the place, through mental telepathy, on fire and heaving everyone there run for cover including poor noah who was at the festival and ended up with his leg broken. the and shaken and battered guru was so shook up by the whole experience that he later checked out of the country to become a hermit in the tibetan wilderness. jo herself is later thrown out, with the help of the sweet and cuddly family pet ryder, of a second floor window to her death because she knew and talked too much. it's when karen is again pregnant that she decides, finally, to find out the truth about the real parents of delia. that's when she,and we in the audience, come face to face with the truth. she's not only the feared antichrist of revelations she's his twin sister! her brother the antichrist himself is about to come on the scene as her kid brother the sill unborn alexander york!three times were more then enough for the antichrist coming back to earth to bring about armageddon. the movie going public were already getting a little tired of of him and his evil adventures. with a fourth really not necessary since daimen thorn, the original antichrist, had been dead and buried for years. were put through the usual ringer with no one believing that little delia is "thee" antichrist until it was almost too late to stop her in her deadly rounds of destroying the entire human race. the movie as bad as it is is also far too long, 97 minutes, for a horror flick that could well have told it's story is as little as 80 minutes.having a private eye earl knight, mchael learner,and later a former catholic nun sister yvonne,megan lehch,and now faith healer felichy in the film only to be killed off didn't help the plot either. it only prolonged the suffering of those of us watching the movie. you could see the surprise ending coming almost as soon as the film "omen iv" began with the bases being cleared for delia's eventual takeover of the civilized as well as uncivilized world. what was a bit of a surprise was delia doing it with a little help from friends.

well since seeing part's 1 through 3 i can honestly say that they should have never made part 4. everything from the tacky, and i do mean tacky score to the really bad acting, i dare anyone to watch this and not be bored out of their minds.i mean parts 1 to 3 kept the vibe strong on the plot of damion, but without him around in this one it's just not the same. sure by the end of part 3 i was getting a little tired of the continued story line's, but it was a good closure at the end of the third one. again there was no reason for a part 4. even if there was they could have done a much better job than this sh*t i had to sit through, lol. there goes an hour and a half of my life i'll never see again.

omen iv: the awakening starts at the 'st. frances orphanage' where husband & wife karen (faye grant) & gene york (michael woods) are given a baby girl by sister yvonne (megan leitch) who they have adopted, they name her delia. at first things go well but as the years pass & delia (asia vieria) grows up karen becomes suspicious of her as death & disaster follows her, karen is convinced that she is evil itself. karen then finds out that she is pregnant but discovers a sinister plot to use her as a surrogate mother for th next antichrist & gets a shock when she finds out who delia's real father was...originally to be directed by dominique othenin-girard who either quit or was sacked & was replaced by jorge montesi who completed the film although why he bothered is anyone's guess as omen iv: the awakening is absolutely terrible & a disgrace when compared to it illustrious predecessors. the script by brian taggert is hilariously bad, i'm not sure whether this nonsense actually looked good as the written word on a piece of paper but there are so many things wrong with it that i find even that hard to believe. as a serious film omen iv: the awakening falls flat on it's face & it really does work better if you look at it as a comedy spoof, i mean the scene towards the end when the detective comes face-to-face with a bunch of zombie carol singers who are singing an ominous gothic song has to be seen to be believed & i thought it was absolutely hilarious & ridiculous in equal measure. then there's the pointless difference between this & the other omen films in that this time it's a young girl, the question i ask here is why? seriously, why? there's no reason at all & isn't used to any effect at all anyway. then of course there's the stupid twist at the end which claims delia has been keeping her brother's embryo inside herself & that in a sinister conspiracy involving a group of satan worshippers it has been implanted in karen so she can give birth to the antichrist is moronic & comes across as just plain daft. at first it has a certain entertainment value in how bad it is but the unintentional hilarity gives way to complete boredom sooner rather than later.it's obviously impossible to know how much of omen iv: the awakening was directed by girard & montesi but you can sort of tell all was not well behind the camera as it's a shabby, cheap looking poorly made film which was actually made-for-tv & it shows with the bland, flat & unimaginative cinematography & production design. then there's the total lack of scares, atmosphere, tension & gore which are the main elements that made the previous omen films so effective.the budget must have been pretty low & the film looks like it was. the best most stylish thing about omen iv: the awakening is the final shot in which the camera rises up in the air as delia walks away into the distance to reveal a crucifix shaped cross made by two overlapping path's but this is the very last shot before the end credits roll which says just about everything. i have to mention the music which sounds awful, more suited to a comedy & is very inappropriate sounding. the acting is alright at best but as usual the kid annoys.omen iv: the awakening is rubbish, it's a totally ridiculous film that tries to be serious & just ends up coming across as stupid. the change of director's probably didn't help either, that's still not a excuse though. the last omen film to date following the original the omen (1976), damien: omen ii (1978) & the final conflict (1981) all of which are far superior to this.

to the small minority seen here praising this film get serious. i know it's down to peoples personal opinion at the end of the day, but anyone with more than a couple of brain cells can surely see that this is total rubbish. so bad it does not deserve to be part of this franchise. i can only assume those saying how great this is are friends with somebody involved in the film and are trying to give their career a push. poor in every way, don't con people by saying otherwise. storyline is a weak rehash of the previous entries, script is likewise. attempts to hide the lack of originality by using a girl instead (wow!) don't disguise the film-makers lack of ideas,and there is sadly a complete lack of any scares. absolutely no redeeming qualities, utter utter turd. i've awarded this pair of chancers one mark simply for having had the nous to get someone to fund this piece of crap. they must have put more effort into that than they did into actually making the film. shame.

i recently decided to revisit the omen trilogy only to discover that {insert demonic music here} there is a fourth. i didn't expect much from it, and in that respect it certainly lived up to my expectations. if you're into watching bad movies for a laugh, then this just may be the movie for you. oh, where do we start?from the onset, the "made for tv" look and feel of the movie was obvious. the music was often inappropriately matched with what was happening in the movie and therefore (at best) distracting. the script had all the suspense of an 8 year-olds work of fiction. but one thing that must be said is that the lacking script was very well matched up with the appalling acting. numerous scenes left me contemplating whether it was the script or the acting that was the source of ridiculousness.the story itself is quite thin, centering on all the crazy antics of the daughter of damien thorn, adopted out by wrong-doing and badly acted nuns. there is the usual lot of mysterious and convoluted deaths that personally made me yawn as the "drama" unfolded, and the usual third-party investigator into the whole affair. later, via some medical phenomena, damien thorn jnr is born. and that pretty much wraps up the plot. the whole thing is executed rather badly right from the beginning with the lack of suspense making the movie one monotonous and/or ridiculous scene after another. there were many wtf?!? moments too that provides the unintended comedy relief. for example, what's with the major over-reaction at the beginning of the movie when the baby scratches the mother's cheek?? hardly a 360-degree-head-turning omen. i also laughed at the over-reaction at the baptism. the baby cries, and everyone looks very concerned. the distressed mother runs out of the church and the priest is left looking very alarmed while crossing himself. huh? then there is the new-age nanny that seems to have carte blanche on exposing an 8 year-old to all kind of alternative spiritualism. i laughed when the nanny suggested bringing the troubled delia to a psychic fair to meet the nanny's hippie friends and the mother just shrugs her shoulders and allows it. "yeah that's groovy, fill my troubled 8 year old daughter's head with all this mysticism stuff. that's cool. i don't need to be there." of course this would be expected from a mother who allows her daughter to adopt a fully grown rottweiler they encounter on the street that could bite the little girls head off as a snack. the entire scene at the psychic fair is quite comical in a slapstick kinda way, from the horrified reactionary stares of the psychics to delia, to the ensuing inferno.i also laughed at how the nun's death is considered a "freak accident". here we have a religious zealot, (who is described as being part of a cult), who is fanatically preaching in a pit full of rattlesnakes to prove how god's glory will protect them. she antagonizes the snakes by handling them and somehow she is bitten several times. hardly a freak accident. more like a successful suicide attempt. the snakes-vs-nun scene wasn't the only comical death. there is the slow-speed car accident resulting in decapitation in a school parking lot. then there is the slow-motion demolition ball headed straight for the detective. i believe i may have gone and made a coffee when the slow-motion started only to come back to see the demolition ball still headed straight for the "concerned" detective. then there is the quintessential who-shot-who cliché death, where a gun goes off and both act as if they have been shot for several seconds while exchanging horrified glances. then someone goes tumbling down the stairs revealing who the real victim was. additionally, the death of the priest at the beginning of the movie seemed a little strange and pointless to me. he runs around looking at the architecture of the church. obviously finding this quite distressing, he eventually collapses, clutching his chest and dies. apparently something demonic was happening, as this is what the music was suggesting. ummm. ok. i am surprised that others have reviewed this film favorably and, in particularly, as a "worthy sequel". it is difficult not to notice the non-sensical script, the unrealistic acting, and the inappropriate musical score. the movie lacks any suspense, relying heavily on delia's "demonic stare" to provide a sense of horror, which becomes rather annoying after a short time. bottom line : this is a bad movie with the only redeeming feature being it's unintended potential for being a comedy.

the first question that springs to mind after watching this rubbish is who on earth gave these idiots the right to use the omen name on this movie? it is a shambolic , embarrassing, pathetic atempt to carry on the omen franchise. when the film starts the backing music sounds like it has been lifted straight from a bugs bunny cartoon and from then on the film gets worse! i dont know who wrote the script but i bet they got a e - for it when they took it back to show their teacher! it is difficult after a while to tell if this is a comedy because what happens is so funny and so un true to the original omen it beggers belief. the acting is laughable , especially from the leading lady faye grant. she keeps pulling silly faces or is she finding it difficult not to laugh? it's hard to tell. the worst sequal i have ever had the misfortune to witness. 1 out of 10.

this sequel is a total rehash of the first film. a completely pointless movie. it basically just took every single sceanrio of the first film and they redid it in omen iv except with a female antichrist this time. it even ends the same way as the first one! the music is too busy and interfering, and because its pretty much a copy of omen i, it's extremely predictable. it's not a horrible movie, it's not terribly made, there is much worse movies out there, this just had absolutely no point in being made. the omen remake from 2006 is much worse, even more pointless than this, so i guess it has that. if you someone pointed a gun to your head and you had to choose to watch this sequel or the 2006 reamke, i guess i'd choose this.

omen iv (1991) was a bad made-for-t.v. movie. since the 80's were over, i guess the executives were experimenting in meth (the drug of choice during the 90's) because there is no other reason to explain this travesty. why did they even bother making this? a t.v. movie? what were they mulling over when this one came up on the idea board? did they even think for a second that this movie would catch on as. perhaps they thought it could make it as a series? we'll never know. but i know one thing. this movie was the major reason why i never bought the omen trilogy. they should have knocked off a couple of bucks instead of putting out this "extra" disc.omen iv is basically a average american family remake of the first film. instead of a snot nosed punk kid, we get the spooky girl who's a total brat to everyone around her. if the family had stronger parenting skills, then none of the demonic events that have transpired in the past films would have never occurred. these parents need to put their foot down and do some real discipline! not recommended, best to avoid at all cost!

this is a truly wretched little film. admittedly the original (un)holy trinity was governed by the law of diminishing returns with the third, "the final conflict" degenerating into a ridiculous sub-plot about half-way through the film apparently merely to provide the requisite needlessly convoluted deaths that had by now become the whole raison d'etre for the "omen" series. but then to foist this jumped-up tv movie (beware purchasers of the omen box set on dvd - don't be fooled by the widescreen ratio of the transfer, this was and is strictly small-screen stuff) on the back of a series of generally fine demonic chillers was unforgivable, particularly, endorsed as it was, by the exec.producer and producer of the first three movies mace neufeld and harvey bernhard. i'd give-away the plot if there was any, besides the usual death scenes (hopelessly toned down for tv sensibilities) and some of the worst acting i've seen. all involved in this project down to the catering people should be ashamed this travesty ever made it to the screen, let alone masquerading under the omen name. if one person is convinced by my review to avoid this mess, i'll feel better for it.

i saw the omen when i was 11 on tv. i enjoyed the trilogy. so when the chance to finally see one at the cinema came around i didnt pass it up. i went in to the cinema knowing that what i was about to see wasnt a cinema release but a made for tv film. however being a fan i couldnt resist. but this omen movie which i saw at a midnight screening didnt bring chills it brought laughter. risible dialogue such as "it is written that if a baby cries during baptism they reject there god". what nonsense.no decent set pieces. faye grant so good in v is wasted with this script from hell. no suprises and no fun. however i did laugh out loud several times at our bad it was.truly pathetic.1 out of 10

the fact that i watched this entire movie says something about it...or me. it is not a good movie. terrible in fact. but terrible in the way that kept my attention in that perverse manner that is akin to watching a tragedy and not being able to look away. it would have made a great mst3k subject!most of the things that make a terrible movie enjoyable are here: bad dialogue, inappropriate music, contrived plot sequences, ridiculous pseudoscience. you'll thrill to slo-mo death sequences, the poor victims with mouths agape and waaaaaaaay too much time to contemplate their impending doom, facing the outrageously contrived deliverer of their deaths. your heart will be warmed by old action scene cliches like when two women struggle for a gun and it goes off, but who's shot? both look at themselves, then the other, then themselves, then (seemingly 15 minutes later), one finally goes down. you'll sing along (in latin of course) with the street carolers that turn into a ghastly death's-choir that, for a moment, threatened to turn the movie into a twisted musical.so if you believe like i do that as movies get worse they get better, then this might be a decent choice for you. it's not as funny as my current sci-fi schlock favorite, "they live" featuring rowdy roddy piper, but it's more fun to watch than luke-warm movies like omen ii or iii.i give it 4 out of 10.

as with many other pop-culture franchise series, this line just didn't know when to quit. instead of leaving things as they were perfectly ended, they went on to generate this; the first installment of this franchise to fall sorely short of the mark.this movie should never have happened. it was not intended for there to have been a fourth movie in this line, and it sure shows. the premise is idiotic and the portrayals were the same.after the wonderful experience which was the omen, this was a major disappointment which stank of 70's cheese and horrible acting. it was reminiscent of the amityville horror in those aspects, and left a terrible, lingering stench long after it was over. it rates a 1.4/10 from...the fiend :.

honestly, i don't know what's funnier, this horrific remake, or the comments on this board. masterpiece's review had me in tears, that's so funny. anyway, this movie is the among the worst movies ever, and certainly the bottom of the barrel for sequels. the "omen" name on the title made me stop and watch it this morning on hbo, but it's a slap in the face to the other three, especially the original. there are so many classically bad moments, but my favorite is the guy catching fire from the juggler at the psychic fair!! good times ! this movie is to the omen series what "scary movie" is to the entire genre. avoid unless you're looking for a good laugh.

only the antichrist could have been behind such a disaster. one only hopes that this irony was the motivating force behind the "film"! this movie was so bad, it forced me to register with imdb, finally, just so i could trash it. what makes this movie all the more tragic is that it had such great source material! i have never seen a movie where all the elements were so grotesquely mediocre as to render the result less than the sum of its parts.it may seem insignificant, but i'd like to start with the score. as the proud owner of a music degree, i must register my indignation! i was torn between laughter and dry heaves as i listened to what john scheffer did to goldsmith's brilliant score; it was far more gruesome than any of the burlesque death scenes, and almost as inadvertently comedic. it was by far the most inappropriate score i've heard since, well, i really can't think of a worse one. maybe jaws 4?as for the plot... i'm sorry. new age mysticism??? what ever happened to the gritty realism of the original trilogy? in those films (more so in the first two than the third, but still!!) the supernatural was for the most part implied, and it was this subtlety that made the movies so eerily believable. here we have crystals going black (calling all skeksis and mystics!!) and inverted crucifixes galore, even though in certain scenes the crucifux would be perfectly normal but for the camera angle. gone is the refined psychlogical manipulation tapping the malaise inherent in our collective psyche: in its place a boorish "slap in the face" of recycled cliché and transparent incompetence. add to that a lead "actress" so unbelievably annoying that you fervently thank the director for those scenes from which she is absent. never have i seen a little girl so fundamentally irritating since little stephanie ruined all in the family.other than that, i have no strong feelings on the subject ;-) luckily the first three films are sufficiently adroit as to render this train-wreck of wasted celluloid inconsequential or, at the very most, a study in how not to make a film. viewer beware! may induce vomiting if you're lucky.

this movie is unworthy of the omen title. it is so bad that it has actually damaged the classic nature of the first three. it never should have been made, they ought to change the title.they don't even spell damien thorn's name correctly!!!! and there are no daggers, the most important element of all the omen films. pull it from the shelves and burn it.

i don't know how this movie received so many positive reviews on this site! i'm a big vonnegut fan and am very familiar with the story this showtime original film bastardized beyond belief, but even if i wasn't, the poor acting, very poor casting (sean astin as the brilliant, athletic, and all around individual, harrison?? the guy's completely generic!) and sub-standard writing rendered this tripe barely watchable. someone pointed out how cute that maculay culkin line was. if you read that and thought that was pure comic brilliance (sadly, it probably was the most intentionally funny part of the movie), maybe you'll like this movie. but if you're a vonnegut fan or not completely insane, don't see it. please.

man, even plan 9 from outer space is better than this movie. this flick doesn't have enough plot for half an hour, yet they managed to extend it for an eternity of more than an hour. jet li and corey yuen are pretty good, specially in those exaggerated fight scenes, but stuff like the legend of fong sai yuk is much better than this sorry thing that would be better left unmade.

considering that i felt like picking up a new jet li film to see some but kicking and brainless hand to hand fighting, i grabbed this title.unfortunatly, this movie contains more gun battles (ala chow yun fat but nowhere near as good), than jet li and company's acrobatic fighting. thus it was a let down.the faucet fighting was interesting and even funny, considering this was something totaly unexpected in a jet li film for me, more on the line of say jackie chan.but alas i'd recommend fist of legend, tai chi master, or even the enforcer over this dissapointment.rating 4 for martial arts rating 3 for overall movie score

ok first of all let me say that i'm still amazed of how the plot sucks,but than again its a movie that sequels a steven segal movie only with no steven segal omg!!!just random low budget action scenes really no point i 'm still amazed i burned 90 min on this crap really !!just rent a jacky chan movie or go see wwf more fun and has no and presume not to have and plot!!! plz plz plz avoid it!! btw the best actor playing there is bill goldberg and that says a lot!!and no he doesn't play very well like i said plz avoid it pfff i still cant believe i wasted 90 min and spent 10 min more writing this!! :)

wow! why would anybody make a sequel to an already rancid film? half past dead was a bad movie but at least at had an idea of what it wanted to be. hpd2 has no clue of what it wants to be. it just exists on screen for reasons i cant explain. spoiler: the whole movie is this: twitch(played by kurupt of tha dogg pound) gets transferred to another jail where there might be a box filled with gold bricks buried. in the jail, a riot breaks out between rival inmates, one of them gets shot by a guy named cortez and cortez plans his escape. during a conjugal visit, twitch's fiancée and burke's(played by bill goldberg)daughter get kidnapped by cortez and are held in an execution room. burke reluctantly befriends twitch and they end up getting into trouble with the idiotic inmates while finding out that cortez has their loved ones.opinion: this is the most unnecessary sequel since universal soldier: the return. the script is terrible, the acting is horrendous, the dialog is a joke and everybody in this movie is a caricature. look, i know it was low budget film but that is not an excuse for these guys to not put effort into what they do. nobody in this "movie" believes in the characters they play. nobody in this "movie can be taken seriously as an actor. kurupt should be ashamed of himself. his character "twitch" is pretty much a spineless minstrel puppet who spends most of his time posing while getting jacked up by burke or the other inmates. bill goldberg spends most of his time sulking throughout the movie as if he had to take a phd(pretty huge dump). the fight scenes are poorly choreographed and pathetic and for an action movie hpd2 is pretty boring even when action is happening! don't let anybody tell you that this movie is somewhat decent. it stinks and is a prime reason why people despise follywood.

i thought they should have called this movie "whites" instead of "heights". godawful...the kind of film that makes people hate new yorkers. people who are so self obsessed and think their lives are so important...give me a break. such a lily white cast that glenn close was the most ethnic character in it, this film was crying out for someone real to come in and steal it...and so they introduce, get this, a character even whiter than the rest of the cast (i thought he was an albino at first)who's supposed to be welsh!i'm still trying to decipher that accent! intellectually dishonest...this movie is the kind of film that's able to fool so many people into thinking it's worthwhile because it has the trappings of something more ambitious. better to fill the theaters with mi5-10 than with this pretentious crap...must have been a better play because you can't fall off the floor.

