the movie's premise is spooky: a woman gets pregnant when kissed by a stranger in a bar.but as soon as the movie begins, a horrible opening scene establishes that this is a c type sci-fi tv movie. it's a big star trek and a bit x-files, but more than anything else it's boring.when the movie kicks into action everything is predictable and cliche. it looked more like a 2 parter in a bad sci-fi tv series. no suspense and no thrills, but not for a lack of trying. just a lot of predictable dramatic conflicts between the main characters.don't waste your time.

if you read my review of syfy's "dinoshark", you know that i can appreciate the low-budget schlock that these made-for-television movies can provide. they're stupid...they're silly...but they're still pretty fun in a "so bad, it's good" kind of way. so, still smacking with guilt for liking (and recommending) the undeniably hokey "dinoshark", i sat down to watch "hammerhead: shark frenzy", a syfy original movie about a half-man, half-hammerhead monster terrorizing people on an island. with the syfy channel's sure-fire recipe for creating b-movie creature features and a cast that includes william forsythe and hunter tylo, how could it possibly go wrong? well, to my surprise, it actually misses the mark...not by much, but enough to make me not recommend it. why? well, first of all, its titular monster, the dreaded hammerhead-human hybrid, takes a backseat to a bunch of faux-military thugs who really become the movie's primary villain. though the hammerhead does rack up the body count, he (or it or whatever you call the thing) only arrives just before someone is going to be munched upon and leaves directly after. the rest of the movie is filler, pitting our heroes against the aforementioned soldiers. that, to me, is just not as compelling as watching a walking hammerhead eat people! please read the full review on my blog: www.horrormoviejournal.blogspot.com

this was a really funny movie.every 1 in the movie was trying to be serious that is what made this movie so funny. i mean come on a shark's head on a human body. can it get any funnier. good job sci-fi keep the comedy movies coming. i never thought movies could get anymore retarded. if they keep it up they will have to rename the sci fie channel the comedy sci fi channel or something like that.i cant wait 4 the next blockbuster movie from sci fi.ill be ready with a bowl of popcorn and a case of beer or a bottle of liquor and ill be ready to laugh it up again!!!

hahahaha!!!!!!funny-that sums this movie up in one word.what the crap was this "thing",since it might kill me to use the word movie!?!?!i hope the director,writer,and producer didn't mean for this to turn out good,because it sure didn't!!!a scientist turning his son into a hammerhead shark,and the shark killing a bunch of people the scientist invited to the island!!!oh my gooooooodddd!!!!i hate this film so much that when i was watching it i laughed at all the serious parts,because they were so corny and unprofessional....and they couldn't have made the shark look more unrealistic,even though this "thing" had a bit larger budget than most low-budget movies.all i have to say is watch this movie expecting to laugh at all the bad acting,and stupid corny dialogue,because if you are expecting a good movie you'll be highly disappointed.

this low budget b horror's plot comes with all the amenities - mad scientist complete with sidekick, malicious corporate greed of pharmaceutical industry, eccentric and extreme genetic engineering, and information technology....can't leave that out.start with strange sequence of hot looking nameless boaters that foolishly decide to take a dip in the waters near an uncharted island and end up chum for swarming hammerhead sharks.....cut to weak back story implying the stock decline of a generic pharma corporation which motivates its wicked shakespeare quoting ceo to entertain an un-solicited offer made by a former employee/scientist that was jilted out of his job as head of research and who also happens to be a nut...of course (total herbert west wannabe). he is offering up a new stem cell technology that could make tons o' cash...or so it seems...this lures in several employees to his moreau-ish island (must have been quite an impressive exit package from the company when he was let go for him to afford an island) to validate his scientific findings including the ceo and, co-incidentally, the ex-fiancé of the mad scientist's son now morphed sharkuman (how convenient)....the plan, sort of, is to rekindle lost love between the former nuptials while exacting revenge on the former colleagues for his termination. (sheez, how can this guy be bitter? he has his own friggen' island after all...).soon, everyone is on the run (from endless supply of security guards toting heavy weaponry, from mutant plants – can there be an uncharted island without man-eating plants?, from sharky son's appetite for carnage, from quack daddy's breeding plans, and from lack of a cell phone signal)...and they all must learn to work together to get off the island alive! will anyone escape? will a new species be created? watch it and find out.there is some entertainment value in this movie, but don't expect much...for the true combs fan, this is not to be missed. don't say i didn't warn you.

okay so i went into this movie not really expecting much i figured an action flick similar to the fast and the furious. some nice cars some nice girls somewhat of a decent plot. unfortunately i would have to say that this was probably the worst movie i have seen this year. don't get me wrong the cars were nice and the girls were ok but the way they put the movie together was just plain crappy to put it nicely. the story just never made you care about the cast and the movie seemed just pieced together. so overall this movie was not the worst thing ever by far but if your looking for a movie to go to this weekend i would pass on this one for now.

its awful i cant believe that one of the greatest nonsenses in the world can be a blockbuster and the favorite movie of millions of people!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! a movie which has no story,again shahrukh khan has been appeared on the screen with nothing new the same as usual he is trying to make you cry by start scrambling his head for thousands of times,i think this is to much,pretty zinta spouse to act the character of a pakistani girl i didn't know that there is enough facilities in pakistan for the pakistani girls to do so many plastic surgeries on their face and also there are enough make up facilities??!! and also i didn't know that an indian can cross the march's between both countries,go to pakistan and start dancing and singing may be pakistani soldier's were sleeping!!!!!!!!!

i'd like to start off by saying that i am not an anime fan (with a few notable exceptions), and i generally have a low opinion of so-called otakus, as they are so in love with their particular brand of cartooning that they label every movie starring spiky-haired, big-eyed characters as a work of art without even considering other more vital factors, such as the plot. and no anime movie better represents this division between otakus and people with actual taste than this elegant piece of trash, fatal fury: the motion picture. as seen through the glassy, witless eyes of an otaku, there's little to find fault with in fatal fury-- there's plenty of quirky japanese-y humor, one-on-one duels, some "dramatic" moments, and everything is beautifully drawn. but everyone else will be turned off by the cliched, predictable plot with cliched, predictable characters, culminating in a cliched, predictable ending. the love scenes are hilariously overblown-- the scene in which sulia "heals" terry is obviously intended to be a tender moment, but it's virtually impossible to not be thrown into spirals of giddy laughter by the sheer ludicrousness of it. and of course, fatal fury is not without the obligatory cartoon t&a-- this is supplied gratuitously by the huge-breasted mai shiranui. and since fatal fury is based off the video game series of the same name (oh boy), we're treated to numerous pointless cameo appearances by popular characters with little or no relevance to the plot whatsoever (they go through all the trouble of introducing kim early on, only for him to disappear from the movie totally after that point). this mess of a movie reaches its climax with the unintentionally farcical final battle, in which all the main characters engage the all-powerful main villain in one-on-one combat in turn. that's some thing that's always amused me... even when battles in animes aren't taking place in a tournament, they always happen as if they were, regardless of the fact that it makes no sense whatsoever! otakus always rave about how anime movies should be treated as movies as opposed to merely cartoons, and a disturbing portion of those same people love fatal fury. so would fatal fury have been good if it wasn't an anime? the answer is an emphatic "no"-- all of this movie's charm, what little of it there is, resides in the actual drawings. had fatal fury not been an anime, it would have been worthy of an episode of mystery science theater 3000, if the show was still on the air. that's the key-- this is nothing more than a laughably bad b-movie in the guise of an anime epic. if you're a fan of movies so bad that they're actually entertaining, consider renting fatal fury (or catch it on the sci-fi channel), as it is definitely one of those. if you're an otaku, please wake up and realize that a good 90% of the stuff you're watching is garbage. as for everyone else, buy a dreamcast and fatal fury: mark of the wolves, but don't even consider seeing this movie.

and i thought the beach was bad, with the difference that this movie has one of the greatest actors of our time, nicolas cage. don't blame him for the awful script, if any one can make any sense of what the hell was the point of that movie, give your self a pat on the back. its a cross between the village and a crappier script. its starts off kinda catching your eye, and then as it goes further into the plot, it just makes no sense, and don't get me started about the ending!!!! what was that? the only thing that makes this movie exist is nicolas cage usual great humor, and his ability to be funny in the weirdest situations. if you go to a blockbuster and this is the only movie to watch, save yourself five bucks and just go back home and turn put some thing on fire and when some ones asks you why, just say the stupidest thing that comes into your mind, and there you go!

