"it appears that many critics find the idea of a woody allen drama unpalatable." and for good reason: they are unbearably wooden and pretentious imitations of bergman. and let's not kid ourselves: critics were mostly supportive of allen's bergman pretensions, allen's whining accusations to the contrary notwithstanding. what i don't get is this: why was allen generally applauded for his originality in imitating bergman, but the contemporaneous brian depalma was excoriated for "ripping off" hitchcock in his suspense/horror films? in robin wood's view, it's a strange form of cultural snobbery. i would have to agree with that.

the second attempt by a new york intellectual in less than 10 years to make a "swedish" film - the first being susan sontag's "brother carl" (which was made in sweden, with swedish actors, no less!) the results? oscar wilde said it best, in reference to dickens' "the old curiosity shop": "one would have to have a heart of stone not to laugh out loud at the death of little nell." pretty much the same thing here. "interiors" is chock full of solemnly intoned howlers. ("i'm afraid of my anger." looking into the middle distance: "i don't like who i'm becoming.") the directorial quotations (to use a polite term) from bergman are close to parody. the incredibly self-involved family keep reminding us of how brilliant and talented they are, to the point of strangulation. ("i read a poem of yours the other day. it was in - i don't know - the new yorker." "oh. that was an old poem. i reworked it.") far from not caring about these people, however, i found them quite hilarious. much of the dialog is exactly like the funny stuff from allen's earlier films - only he's directed his actors to play the lines straight. having not cast himself in the movie, he has poor mary beth hurt copy all of his thespian tics, intonations, and neurotic habits, turning her into an embarrassing surrogate (much like kenneth branagh in "celebrity").the basic plot - dysfunctional family with quietly domineering mother - seems to be lifted more or less from bergman's "winter light," the basic family melodrama tricked up with a lot of existential angst. it all comes through in the shopworn visual/aural tricks: the deafening scratching of a pencil on paper, the towering surf that dwarfs the people walking on the beach. etc, etc.allen's later "serious" films are less embarrassing, but also far less entertaining. i'll take "interiors." woody's rarely made a funnier movie.

i don't know who to blame, the timid writers or the clueless director. it seemed to be one of those movies where so much was paid to the stars (angie, charlie, denise, rosanna and jon) that there wasn't enough left to really make a movie. this could have been very entertaining, but there was a veil of timidity, even cowardice, that hung over each scene. since it got an r rating anyway why was the ubiquitous bubble bath scene shot with a 70-year-old woman and not angie harmon? why does sheen sleepwalk through potentially hot relationships with two of the most beautiful and sexy actresses in the world? if they were only looking for laughs why not cast whoopi goldberg and judy tenuta instead? this was so predictable i was surprised to find that the director wasn't a five year old. what a waste, not just for the viewers but for the actors as well.

this film is mediocre at best. angie harmon is as funny as a bag of hammers. her bitchy demeanor from "law and order" carries over in a failed attempt at comedy. charlie sheen is the only one to come out unscathed in this horrible anti-comedy. the only positive thing to come out of this mess is charlie and denise's marriage. hopefully that effort produces better results.

the film is bad. there is no other way to say it. the story is weak and outdated, especially for this country. i don't think most people know what a "walker" is or will really care. i felt as if i was watching a movie from the 70's. the subject was just not believable for the year 2007, even being set in dc. i think this rang true for everyone else who watched it too as the applause were low and quick at the end. most didn't stay for the q&a either.i don't think schrader really thought the film out ahead of time. many of the scenes seemed to be cut short as if they were never finished or he just didn't know how to finish them. he jumped from one scene to the next and you had to try and figure out or guess what was going on. i really didn't get woody's (carter) private life or boyfriend either. what were all the "artistic" male bondage and torture pictures (from iraq prisons) about? what was he thinking? i think it was his very poor attempt at trying to create this dark private subculture life for woody's character (car). it didn't work. it didn't even seem to make sense really.the only good thing about this film was woody harrelson. he played his character (car) flawlessly. you really did get a great sense of what a "walker" may have been like (say twenty years ago). he was great and most likely will never get recognized for it. as for lauren, lily and kristin... boring.don't see it! it is painful! unless you are a true harrelson fan.

this film is one giant pant load. paul schrader is utterly lost in his own bad screenplay. and his directing is about as comatose as it can be without his actually having been sleepwalking during the process. the worst though is woody harrelson, whom i ordinarily like when he's properly cast. he plays "the walker", a homosexual man in d.c. who plays social companion to the bored wives of the washington elite. he couldn't have been more one dimensional if he had been cut out of a magazine and bounced around in front of the camera on a popsicle stick. his "southern accent" is that "off the rack" version that decrescendos from the beginning to the end of every line he delivers, as though the heat and humidity of the south is still draining him of every ounce of energy he has. it is monotonous. but, his is not the worst accent in the movie. his "boyfriend", played by moritz bleibtreau, attempts to affect some kind of a mid east accent that is so clumsy he can barely deliver the bad lines written for him. he is incapable of rolling his r's in spite of the fact that in real life he is german, and speaks several languages - one of them being italian! that's kind of a good reason to cast someone else don't ya think? from the story, to the screenplay, to the directing, to the camera work, to the performances by the leads, this movie is bad from beginning to end. the only tolerable moments in this film came from three supporting actresses: lily tomlin, lauren bacall, and kristin scott thomas. only these three managed to make it through this movie with their dignity in tact. in fact, all three are excellent, in spite of being trapped in a really bad film. ufortunately, no one could ever be good enough to redeem this endless series of flaws. if you like these three actresses, watch them in something else. this movie is not worth your time.

plot is not worth discussion even if it hints at corruption, murder, power and the rest of thriller related topics. characters are interesting though sometimes. not realistic but interesting nevertheless.development is slow like tea drinking ceremony. visuals not stunning, but good enough to ease the eye strain. good movie to watch after dinner before going to bed - nothing shocking too much, nothing overexciting. movie sitcom style.i liked woody - excellent performance. had to fight the plot inadequacy and did the job pretty good. the rest are bearable though very predictable. the whole is watchable and better than most tv shows.

this film is about a male escort getting involved in a murder investigation that happened in the circle of powerful men's wives.i thought "the walker" would be thrilling and engaging, but i was so wrong. the pacing is painfully and excruciatingly slow, that even after 40 minutes of the film nothing happens much. seriously, the first hour could be condensed into ten minutes. that's how slow it is.the fact that it lacks any thrills or action scenes aggravates the boredom. it's almost shocking that even argument scenes are so plain and devoid of emotion. maybe it is because of the stiff upper lip of the higher social class? it's sad that "the walker" becomes such a boring mess, despite such a strong cast. blame it on the poor plot and even worse pacing.

this movie must be in line for the most boring movie in years. not even woody harrison can save this movie from sinking to the bottom.the murder in this movie are supposed to be the point of interest in this movie but is not, nothing is of any interest. the cast are not to bad but the script are just plain awful , i just sat in utter amazement during this movie, thinking how on earth can anyone find this movie entertaining the producers of this movie were very clever. they made a boring movie but hid it well with the names of good actors and actresses on their cast. people will go to the blockbuster and probably see this movie and think, woody harrison ,kristin scott thomas and willem dafoe this must be good and rent this movie.(boy are they in for a horrible time)if you like getting ripped off go and rent this movie, some people actually did enjoyed this movie but i like to watch a movie with meaning

a worn-out plot of a man who takes the rap for a woman in a murder case + the equally worn-out plot of an outsider on the inside who eventually is shut out.with such an outstanding case, one would think the film would rise above its hackneyed origins. but scene after scene drones by with no change in intensity, no character arcs, and inexplicable behavior.the homosexuality theme was completely unnecessary -- or on the other hand, completely unexplored. it seemed to be included only to titillate the viewers. when will hollywood learn that having gay characters does not automatically make a more compelling picture?a regrettably dreadful movie. when will lauren bacall pick a good one? i expected better of her and kristin scott thomas. this one is definitely one to miss.

i saw this movie at a drive-in in 1959. until "howard the duck" i considered this the worst movie i had ever seen. this movie tried to combine all the genera in one; comedy, horror, teenage angst, and the hot rod that must have sired "my mother, the car." maybe it deserves a second viewing to see if it is an accurate reflection of it's time.

ghost of dragstrip hollow is a typical 1950's teens in turmoil movie. it is not a horror or science fiction movie. plot concerns a group of teens who are about to get kicked out of their "hot rod" club because they cannot meet the rent. once kicked out, they decide to try an old haunted house. the only saving grace for the film is that the "ghost" (paul blaisdell in the she creature suit) turns out to be an out of work movie monster played by blaisdell.

"ghost of dragstrip hollow" was one of the many '50s movies about hot-rodding teens encountering the supernatural. in this case, the teens can't pay the rent for their hangout and get evicted. with nowhere else to go, they decide on an apparently haunted house. as you may have guessed, once they arrive, some weird things start happening. and there's a twist at the end.there's nothing in this movie that you haven't seen in other movies, but it's nice entertainment nonetheless. my favorite character was the foul-mouthed parrot. well, let me rephrase that: he didn't talk like a character in a quentin tarantino movie, but he said things that we don't expect out of a bird. the movie's pure hokum, but harmless.

"ghost of dragstrip hollow" appears to take place in a spotless netherworld, an era long gone by, where the biggest sin a kid could commit would be in defying the law and getting a traffic ticket. it opens with a young female auto fanatic getting the business from her arch rival, who pressures her into a car race. that's about it for the drag-racing--this b-flick is mostly concerned with rock 'n roll, man! the folks at american international were obviously fond of decent, square teens who liked to party and yet didn't mind an adult chaperone. there are a few amusing double entendres and fruity exchanges (necking kid: "we thought we'd come out for some fresh air"...dad: "where did you think you'd find it, down her throat?"), but the ghost is a little late in arriving. brief at 65 minutes, the movie cheats us with a climactic car race that actually takes place off-screen and a pre-"scooby doo"-styled unmasking which makes no sense. however, for nostalgia buffs, some mindless fun. ** from ****

the characters are unlikeable and the script is awful. it's a waste of the talents of deneuve and auteuil.

kareena kapoor in a bikini hmmmmmmmm.akshay kumar...anil kapoor....maybe saif....kareena kapoor in a bikini.....good banner..kareena kapoor in a bikini.....not one good reason not to see this movie....or so i thought ........didnt these people make jbj...why o why did i forget that.for all the criticism the first half of the movie isn't that bad...there is some intrigue and you feel a sort of irritation mixed with excitement that i felt when seeing guy ritchie movies like lock stock and snatch.kareena kapoor is sizzling in a very skinny model sort of way.akshay kumar is akshay kumar as only he can be.anil kapoor is annoying but kind of funny, you almost forget that most of the time you cannot understand him.saif is sidey ala main khiladi.. once again.there is the occasional laugh and a few chuckles, and a few goosebumps during the kareena-saif love story (kareena in the rain, behind me on my bike hmmmmmmm).but mostly this half promises more than it delivers.....which makes the second half all the more unbearable....there was almost a cheer when the interval came not only because because of the wet kareena because of what people thought were the things to come.instead we were treated to mind numbing torture which is difficult to put in words.saif suddenly seam like a comic sidekick...suddenly the sexy kareena looks anorexic, you realise that the second last floor is now empty and her face looks to big for her body ( only girls can notice this and make other guys notice the second last floor was my observation).anil kapoor and his sidekicks get on your nerves.akshay kumar is the only one who carries off the madness to some extent but even he become intolerable after a while.all the while you are subjected to one absurdity after the other.why??!! what??!!! when?!!! where?!!! what have i done to deserve this...a collective gasp went trough the audience before every song in the second half, which were ordinary even without the movie around it.cannot relieve the trauma anymore....conclusion.this movie starts of as a buzz which you feel could even turn out to a high but ends up slowly moving towards a headache and then rapidly turns into a full blown migraine attack.please don't watch this movie for any reason other than academic interest.+s cast, akshay kumar, first half.+/-s what, when, how, who to much confusion.(need a book to fill this).+s cast, the whole second half (need many pages to fill this).total 3/10 (im trying to avoid the 1s and 2s too not seem to extreme but make no mistake this movie is unwatchable no matter how decent the first half is).

couldn't go to sleep the other night. so i got up, flipped on the tube & this movie was on.film makers bit off more than they could chew. just as ambitious in scope as "forrest gump" was. but gump read like an fairy-tale where an extraordinarily lucky man guides us through the era. tgmb just relies on tired clichés to tell the story. almost like a broadway musical where actors have to ham it up. every character's purpose was to fill a silly 60's archetype.take how we're introduced to finnegan: hugging his black maid & receiving a framed picture of mlk. criminey, talk about heavy-handed. why not just give him a t-shirt saying "i heart black people"?sunshine: "isn't free love groovay, man? oh no, i didn't have my period." mary beth: "i want to go to berkeley, not square ucla." uh, excuse me? there was nothing square about la in the 60s. rather than take the time to demonstrate what made berkeley unique, we just hear this brat whine about not going there.can't even remember the black kid's name. he was just a prop used to show how racially tolerant the other kids are.thing is, period pieces don't have to be this cheesy. take "dazed & confused." look how we're introduced to the football hero, randall floyd. we don't first see him on the football field. in fact, we never see him play football. we're introduced to him in class, inviting his nerdish poker buddies to a party.in "dazed" feminism isn't a casual by-product of some chick getting knocked up. it's much more organic, more serious than that. it's refined in the ladies' room over a flip discussion about gilligan's island. serious ideas can grow in the most mundane settings. but real life is like that.some of the warm comments here note that the themes in this movie are still relevant. i agree! which is why i feel so disappointed by this piece of baby-boomer pornostalgia.

major league: back to the minors (1998) ½* starring: scott bakula, eric bruskotter, corbin bernsen, dennis haysbert, jensen daggett, written and directed by john warren 100 minutes rated pg-13 (for language and some violence) by blake french: 	believe it or not, in the new john warren comedy "major league: back to the minors" there is one funny scene. it consists of a sequence where an infuriated coach throws a baseball hard into the wall behind him only to have it hit the cement and bounce back and smash him in the face. it's not much, but with the exception of a few one-liners, it's all this film has to offer...enough said. this movie is not only structurally impaired, characteristically undeveloped, predictable and badly written, but also just plain bad. even non-critical audience members will hate this movie with all that they got. it is so familiar it just isn't funny. how many times does the same movie about sports have to be made? last years we saw this same material in "air bud: golden receiver," and as bad as that film was, this is even worse. at least "air bud" was family oriented. "major league back to the minors" is too vulgar for a wholesome family to view together on a sunday afternoon. it is too childish for adults. so who is this film for? teenagers? elderly? people who are so desperate for entertainment they would rent something like this?	the film, like many others like this, has one basic point it tries to make: teamwork conquers all. yes it does, and what a great moral to try to prove. too bad we have already seen and excepted it so many times over and over have such little talent and intelligence that their cheerleaders are men in a ballerina costumes. where the silly announcers form their own "buddy comedy routine" muttering one liners to themselves like "they suck," "this kids fast ball is timed with an hour glass," "this guy dropped out of ball for a while to find something he lost--maybe it was his mind," "somebody needs a nap," and "ever see a sunset as beautiful as that play." where the characters have such little significance to each other that we never know them by name. and where the only heartfelt lecture scene about teamwork is so unknowledgeable that it is almost funny.	"major league back to the minors" is so bad; it stalls its trite ending right in the middle of a good closing sequence. the good baseball team is on a comeback, they are about to win and--the power goes out. i was thinking for a minute that this piece of trash had come to a conclusion, but in reality, its false final scene exists only to add minutes to the running time. the movie basically consists of a series of unrelated sketches that throw in so many putrid jokes it is are not funny. there is another kind-of-funny line of dialogue that has a coach and a player talking to each other about why a long time outfielder is not wanted in that position any longer. the coach's answer: "you're too old, too slow, and too fat." the player's reaction is to die for. but that scene certainly does not make this movie noteworthy of you time, and certainly is not worth a cent of your money. so here is another dreadful entrée into this genre of film, another that is doomed with its own script, which is failed before seen, and another which is so familiar it seems like deja vu all over again.

this is by far one of the worst movies i have ever seen, the poor special effects along with the poor acting are just a few of the things wrong with this film. i am fan of the first two major leagues but this one is lame!

how did i ever appreciate this dud of a sequel? all it does is throw balls! worst of all, it doesn't compare to even the first installment of the series! the comedy suffers from not being funny. where did all the unintentional laughter go? enough slapstick on-the-field action goes on too long. bob uecker literally saved this one from a complete nine-inning shutout. what's next, major league 4: return to the little league? ehh, could be! leave this one on the shelf and plan a trip to the all-star game. this one's had three strikes too many.

this movie is a disgrace to the major league franchise. i live in minnesota and even i can't believe they dumped cleveland. (yes i realize at the time the real indians were pretty good, and the twins had taken over their spot at the bottom of the american league, but still be consistent.) anyway i loved the first major league, liked the second, and always looked forward to the third, when the indians would finally go all the way to the series. you can't tell me this wasn't the plan after the second film was completed. what happened? anyways if your a true fan of the original major league do yourself a favor and don't watch this junk.

now, i flicked onto this just out of curiosity and had to keep watching - in the same way that you watch a car crash...i appreciate the fact it's a spoof, but that should not stop me from criticising the god-awful directing, acting and dialogue. seriously, this rated as one of the poorest movies i have seen - it looked more like an episode of tales from the cryptkeeper, and a poor one at that...okay - a few criticisms (1) when the doctor had his heart attack in front of the monster (we never see the monster attack him, so we assume its a heart attack), the army then launch shells, rockets, bullets at the monster - which was feet from the doctor - yet the doctor is not touched by any missile and is still alive (2) the army attack from about 100 yards away, and we see a flame-thrower being used - geez, those things have a range of no more than 30 metres! (3) when the monster tries to take the professor, the soldiers run into the classroom and fire into the ceiling; the monster drops the kid, and the soldiers don't try to shoot the monster??? come on! (4) the monster looks like it something out of power rangers! (5) there is one scene where the five "good guys" (the priest, the girl, the doctor, the reporter and the kid) all look shocked and we get reactions (along the lines of hand to mouth) one after the other - so natural! (6) the general just runs away, time after time (7) the general refuses to try electricity and wouldn't listen (8) the acting is awful (9) did i mention the rubber suit monster???? (10) that god-awful music, non-stop!

yes, the southern star features a pretty forgettable title tune sung by that heavy set crooner matt monro. it pretty much establishes the tone for this bloated and rather dull feature, stunningly miscast with george segal and ursula andress as an adventurous couple in search of a large diamond. add in harry andrews (with a strange accent, no less) chasing an ostrich, tons of stock footage of wildlife, and poorly composed and dull photography by raoul coutard, and you end up with a thoroughly unexciting romp through the jungles of senegal.

the head of a common new york family, jane gail (as mary barton), works with her younger sister ethel grandin (as loma barton) at "smyrner's candy store". after ms. grandin is abducted by dealers in the buying and selling of women as prostituted slaves, ms. gail and her policeman boyfriend matt moore (as larry burke) must rescue the virtue-threatened young woman."traffic in souls" has a reputation that is difficult to support - it isn't remarkably well done, and it doesn't show anything very unique in having a young woman's "virtue" threatened by sex traders. perhaps, it can be supported as a film which dealt with the topic in a greater than customary length (claimed to have been ten reels, originally). the new york city location scenes are the main attraction, after all these years. the panning of the prisoners behind bars is memorable, because nothing else seems able to make the cameras move. **** traffic in souls (11/24/13) george loane tucker ~ jane gail, matt moore, ethel grandin

kirstie alley, looking a bit slimmer, but only a bit, is in this mess along with a man who is a macguyver lookalike, bleached blond hair and all. the premise of the movie is about an older woman (50!!!) who cannot get her screenplay produced due to age discrimination so she sends in her younger nephew to pose as the writer. not an original idea and not a very good movie with lousy acting, inane dialogue and a ridiculous plot. there is another plot concerning a writer with a crush or admiration for kirstie's character and why this is included is a mystery. the actor who portrays kirstie's brother is so wooden and miscast, it was torture to watch their scenes. what is there to say about this film. avoid it.

1st watched 11/07/2004 - 1 out of 10(dir-jon keeyes): over-the-top rehash of 70's supposed horror flicks like friday the 13th(versions 1 thru whatever). i can't think of much redeeming here except(or can i think of anything?)the story revolves around a bunch of stupid people listening to a radio program one year after some kids were slayed in the woods as an 'homage' to this, supposedly. but, lo and behold, one of the stupid people, have connections to the actual event because her sister was one of the ones murdered(again, how stupid is this that she would even be a part of this). guess what? the murderer is at it again and we're tipped off from the very beginning who it is(so there goes any mystery whatsoever). and besides all this, where are the 'cops' and why doesn't someone call them. i can't believe this movie was financed by someone and made. you would think that by now the american people would be judged a little higher, at least in their movie-going experience, but not so by this filmmaker.

this piece ain't really worth a comment.. it's simply the worst "horror" movie i have ever seen. the actors are bad as bad can be and the whole plot is so silly it nearly made me cry. shame on you i say!!

without a doubt this is one of the worst films i've ever wasted money on! the plot is, erm sorry, did i say there was a plot? the scariest moment was when..., nope can't think of one! the best special effect that had me hiding under the bed covers was..., nope can't think of one for that either. you knew who the killer was right from the start. there was nothing scary about the whole movie, in fact the only two vaguely interesting bits were when you saw the kid sister, misty, in the shower and when you saw nurse toppan take her top off. this film should only be watched to get an idea of how not to make a horror movie!!!

this movie is outrageous. by outrageous, i mean awful. i had more fun watching the paint dry at my local hardware store on an august day while suffering from a migraine and heat stroke. the acting got progressively worse as the "movie" advanced, and the directors use of euphoric drugs became apparent as the final scenes approached. when misty was shot to death she decided that it would be prudent to blink post mordem. that was not intelligent. truthfully, stevie wonder could have caught that with his eyes closed. if you are deciding between playing with a nail gun while intoxicated and watching this movie, bear in mind that the nail gun will probably give you a better story to tell your friends.

"american nightmare" is officially tied, in my opinion, with "it's pat!" for the worst movie of all time.seven friends (oddly resembling the k-mart version of the cast of "friends") gather in a coffee shop to listen to american nightmare, a pirate radio show. it's hosted by a guy with a beard. that's the most exciting aspect of his show.chandler, monica, joey, and... oh wait, i mean, wayne, jessie, and the rest of the bad one-liner spouting gang all take turns revealing their biggest fears to the bearded dj. unbeknownst to them, a crazed nurse/serial killer is listening...crazy nurse then proceeds to torture ross and rachel and... wait, sorry again... by making their fears come to life. these fears include such stunners as "voodoo" and being gone down on by old ladies with dentures.no. really.this movie was, in a word, rotten. crazy nurse's killing spree lacks motivation, there's nothing to make the viewer "jump," the ending blows, and--again--voodoo?if you have absolutely no regard for your loved ones, rent "american nightmare" with them.if you care for your loved ones--even a little bit--go to your local blockbuster, rent all of the copies of "american nightmare" and hide them in your freezer.

this movie had to be the worst horror movie i have ever seen. the acting was terrible, horrible and cheesy and talk about a predictable plot! i will never watch this movie again nor will i recommend this movie to anyone. what a waste of time! first, as soon as the movie began i realized what i got myself into. all they did for this movie was copy scenes from many other horror movies out there and bunched them all into this one movie. the prank phone calls, halloween night, a psycho, and one knife! its absolutely ridiculous. i was not scared at all during the movie, which i thought horror movies were supposed to do. as for the making of the movie, its pretty hilarious how they all talk about how this movie was so great and so scary. i mean how do you not realize that the movies is a cheap rip off of "scary movie" for example. at least get some good actors in there and then maybe it would have been pulled off as a good horror movie.

when i read the back of the dvd case, i thought that it sounded really interesting... so... i had my mom throw it into the pile of movies in the "4 for 20 dollars" section at blockbuster. when we got home and popped in the movie... twenty minutes into it, we found ourselves turning to each other going "this sucks. let's put in something else." i'll admit, a few of the lines from the friends at the café made us smile a little bit. but come on, at least get some decent actors! every once in a while in a movie, if the acting is bad and the movie isn't going at a painfully slow pace and actually seems interesting, i can gut it out and get a few laughs at how they're over(or under)doing their lines. but i can only take so much. crying scenes looked like the actors were having hysterical fits of laughter, there was no delivery for their lines... amateur doesn't even come close to the acting in this film.anyone who came on here saying that this film was good had to have been on some really good drugs while they were watching the movie. it's the most pointless thing i've ever had the displeasure of watching. do not watch or buy this movie!!!!!

when it comes to horror movies, i am more than willing to suspend disbelief, ignore sub-par production values, and overlook plot holes in the interest of a good scare. this movies simply has no good scares to offer. it can't even be enjoyed as camp. bad dialogue, bad acting, bad direction, the kills were predictable and poorly staged, the music was annoying, the camera work was wretched, even the costumes were bad. i felt really bad for the actors, who were obviously trying, but who had to deal with terrible, contrived dialogue and an obvious lack of direction. i doubt they got any rehearsal, either. it's embarrassing to watch, and so boring than making it through to the contrived "surprise" ending requires tremendous endurance. it's quite easily one of the worst movies i've ever seen.i don't normally write reviews, but this one was so bad that i felt compelled to warn others. this movie is a complete waste of time. if you must watch this movie, don't miss the "making of"-featurette. the writer/director seems to be under the impression that making the killer a woman was kind of bold, daring move. (seen it.) he and the cast spend half an hour deconstructing this film as if it's a new-age "citizen kane." it's like listening to a group of third-graders take you behind the scenes of their christmas pageant. they truly think they've created something of substance. it's sad, really the only reason i gave this movie a "2" is because i think "1" should be reserved for true atrocities, like "manos: hands of fate" and "space mutiny." so "american nightmare" isn't the worst movie i've ever seen, but i'd have to say that it's somewhere in the bottom fifty.

in texas, seven friends meet in a bar to celebrate the halloween night before going to a party. meanwhile, they call the american nightmare pirate radio for fun and confess their innermost fears. a serial killer, who is listening to their confessions, makes their nightmares come true, killing each one of them in a sadistic way. "american nightmare" is a weird low budget movie that has a horrible beginning: without any previous explanation, a woman kills two couples in an isolated camping area, as if it were friday, 13th. then, the story shifts to a bar, where seven friends are celebrating halloween. from this moment on, the story has a great potential, and the unknown cast has a very reasonable performance, showing also some beautiful breasts and naked bodies, as usual in this type of c production. however, the end of the screenplay does not provide any explanation for the killing instinct and motives for the behavior of the nurse jane toppan, giving the sensation that the budget ended before the finalization of the shooting. with a better beginning and conclusion, this weird story would be a good low budget slasher movie. my vote is four.title (brazil): "agonia" ("agony")

the premise is amazing and the some of the acting, notably sally kellerman and anthony rapp, is charming... but this film is near unwatchable. the music sounds as if it comes from some sort of the royalty free online site and the lyrics as if they were written with a rhyming dictionary open on the lap. most of the singing is off-key. i think they may have filmed with the singing accapella and put in the music under it... the dialogue is really stupid and trite. the movie works best when it is actually talking about the real estate but unfortunately it strays to often into stupid farcical sub-plots. i found myself checking my watch after ther first twenty minutes and after 40 wondering 'when is it ever going to end.'

so you might be reading some of the comments posted on this film, and you might be thinking to yourself, "huh. there were sure a bunch of rave reviews posted on december 30." funny thing is, most of these rave reviews sound like they're coming from the same person, or at best a small, coordinated group of "open house" groupies. the truth, my friends, is that this film is truly unwatchable. just because it's "independent" doesn't mean it gets a free pass. if you're going to make a musical, whether on film or on stage, whether on broadway or at the local community playhouse, you should probably make sure that (a.) your actors can sing, (b.) your actors can dance, (c.) you have decent sound equipment, (d.) you have a well-written score, and (e.) you have lyrics that are witty and charming. even anthony rapp can't save this one. it's one of those unfortunate movie-going experiences where i actually felt deeply embarrassed for everyone involved.

i feel totally ripped off. someone needs to refund the $4.95 i spent at blockbuster to rent this homemade mess. this is not a musical it is a complete waste of time and my evening. what i don't get is why did this get distributed in the first place???...somebody must have been doing some heavy drugs the night that deal was made. i've seen better films come out of film schools and i have been to film school so i can say that as a fact. the quality of this work is also just so very bad to view...shot on dv??? nuff said. the songs are not songs but just banter that sounds the same in every section. want to see a good musical? then don't rent this movie.

the single worst film i've ever seen in a theater. i saw this film at the austin film festival in 2004, and it blew my mind that this film was accepted to a festival. it was an interesting premise, and seemed like it could go somewhere, but just fell apart every time it tried to do anything. first of all, if you're going to do a musical, find someone with musical talent. the music consisted of cheesy piano playing that sounded like they were playing it on a stereo in the room they were filming. the lyrics were terribly written, and when they weren't obvious rhymes, they were groan-inducing rhymes that showed how far they were stretching to try to make this movie work. and you'd think you'd find people who could sing when making a musical, right? not in this case. luckily they were half talking/half singing in rhyme most of the time, but when they did sing it made me cringe. especially when they attempted to sing in harmony. and that just addresses the music. some of the acting was pretty good, but a lot of the dialog was terrible, as well as most of the scenes. they obviously didn't have enough coverage on the scenes, or they just had a bad editor, because they consistently jumped the line and used terrible choices while cutting the film. at least the director was willing to admit that no one wanted the script until they added the hook of making it a musical. i hope the investors make sure someone can write music before making the same mistake again.

this movie was so terrible it was almost good... almost. we love musicals, but not this one. even with the terrible sound quality, poor cinematography, and many actors who can't sing or dance, anthony rapp actually managed to give a good performance (especially toward the end). the character marjorie, a drunk lady, was enjoyable to watch, too. the plot is very unexpected and could have been funny without terrible singing and cheezy piano music. admittadly, some of the songs (fantabulous) are pretty catchy (but not in a good way).open house is a funny movie to watch simply because it is awful! we think it might be a good stage musical (with excellent actors).

did heidijean really see this movie? a great christmas movie? not even close. dull, bland and completely lacking in imagination and heart. i kept watching this movie wondering who the hell thought that carly pope could play the lead in this movie! the woman has no detectable personality and gives a completely lackluster performance. baransky was great as usual and provided the only modicum of interesting the whole thing. probably her involvement was the only reason this project was green lighted to begin with. maybe i'm expecting too much for a lifetime movie played 15 days from christmas but i sat through this thing thinking that with a different director and a recasting jj with an actress that at least could elicit sympathy this could have been quite a cute little movie.

carly pope plays jj, a newly promoted food critic whose flamboyant, overbearing mother moves in with her. jj, aghast at this turn of events, then blackmails restaurant owner, alex, to entertain her mother in exchange for "maybe" reviewing his dying restaurant. alex predictably falls for the daughter while warming to the mother. there are numerous problems with this movie, the characters are universally 2-dimensional. jj is a self-serving, hateful character, her mother superficial and shallow. jj's colleagues at the magazine are bitchy and opportunistic. the underlying message of an over-50 woman unable to make it on her own, without male assistance is bad, bad, bad. the acting is uniformly dull, the script uninspired. the films only saving grace is the setting of new york city. i would so not recommend this film.

i wasn't expecting this to be a great movie, but neither was i expecting it to be so awful. i hated the mother character so much i had to turn the channel. i turned it back, hoping it was just one part of the movie, but no. and for the daughter to sit there take being embarrassed, or almost done out of a job, or driven to madness inside her own home? are you kidding me? i was raised to respect (and even fear) my mother but i'd put her up fast in the nearest hotel if she proved that annoying in my house. i was expected to follow a set of rules in my mother's house, after all.i didn't buy any of it. i tried giving it several chances, i really did. sorry.

i hate to sound like an 'old person', but frankly i haven't seen too many movies that i like that were made after 1960... generally, movies just seem to get worse and worse (although i quite enjoyed the scott baio vehicle "the bread, my sweet", except for the 'de rigeur' sex scene which added nothing of value to that movie). this movie makes the mother, a former las vegas chorus girl, seem to be incapable of surviving on her own, although she is clearly in her 50s (though hinted at being in her 40s). i didn't buy it. i'm 57 and like all the women i know in their 50s and 40s, more than capable of surviving on my own (as i have been doing since i graduated from high school at 13, got legally emancipated and set off on my own life's journey.) the daughter is not believable in her job role ... she gets a promotion she doesn't deserve (a great opportunity) and drops that ball too, but when another female employee steps up to the plate and is ready to deliver, the writers shoot her down as an 'opportunist', when she was just doing what any career-oriented person would do -- taking advantage of a wide-open opportunity created by the lack of self-discipline of her coworker, a girl who apparently doesn't understand the concept of honoring her promises (to her boss, in this case).the daughter grudgingly 'allows' her mother to stay with her, on a temporary basis, but then treats her mother (the woman who gave her life and raised her to 'adulthood') like a pariah. apparently the 'writers' of tripe like this do not understand that it is not 'the common thing' for parents to act like children, and then be treated as children by their children. that is just more of the societal 'baloney' that hollywood keeps trying to force down our throats as though we, their public, were stupid for desiring to be entertained by their creative offerings.this is a sad movie with a stupid ending. if the young male restauranteur had been real and not a two-dimensional 'tv character', he'd have stayed with the mother, who was not that much older than him and quite attractive. but in the end he 'falls' for the daughter, a shallow, rather uninteresting girl who has that cuteness of youth, but in an ordinary, bland way. (the 'opportunist' young woman who worked with this nothing girl was far more attractive, physically.)there was no believable reason presented to the audience as to why the restauranteur preferred the daughter (who was an uptight, selfish, self-centered b*tch who treated her mother with unbelievable disrespect) to the mother -- a woman who was kindhearted, sweet-tempered, humorous, and had a joie de vivre the daughter could not even begin to comprehend. of course the mother had her own flaws... she had reacted to her husband's demise by drinking herself into a stupor for a year or two afterwards which supposedly created the rift between her and her smarmy daughter.regardless of the way the characters were or were not developed, this is a baloney movie and a waste of your valuable viewing time unless you actually like baloney. (where's the mustard?)

having seen men behind the sun i guess i hoped for an evolution in style & technique to match the larger scale of this movie. i was also quite interested to see someone make a hard-hitting fact-based fictionalised account of what happened during this most notorious of japanese atrocities, but this is not it. this plays like a bottom-to-mid tier european nazi exploitation movie from the 70s - e.g. ss experiment camp etc (perhaps more like deported women of the special section actually). granted it has a greater scope and more people running around, but it resorts to the same cheap and cheerless device of lots of hapless non-actors limply falling over to the sound of ridiculously fake gunshots, spiced up with the occasional poorly executed 'shock' sequence. the admittedly horrible documentary footage is roughly spliced in between scenes so hackneyed that even these real images are robbed of much of their power. watch channel 4's 'the holocaust' (aired recently (still running?), as of 1 no 2006) for a genuinely disturbing documentary on the evils of war (featuring excellent in-context use of actual footage). this is the type of treatment the horror of nanjing deserves, not this hackneyed exploitation garbage (a better executed exploitation movie minus the disrespectful use of stock footage would have been fine, but again this is not even a very good exploitation movie). rating: 3 (5 as exploitation, 1 as a treatment of the subject).

although, i had no earthly idea on what to expect from this movie, this sure as hell wasn't what i would have had in mind, had anything actually come to mind. once i heard of its existence, all i knew was that i had to own a movie called please don't eat the babies. unfortunately, i could only find a copy under its alternate title, island fury. looking back, i guess i could call it a lose-lose situation. on one hand, i still don't get to be known as the guy who owns a movie called please don't eat the babies, and on the other hand, island fury would ultimately reveal itself to be an awful, pointless, boring, unwatchable piece of garbage. yeah, definitely lose-lose.i'm not even sure what genre they're going for here. just early 80's badness, with a flashback that might actually be longer than the non-flashback. first up, two teenage girls are being chased by two bad guys, once caught, the bad guys bring to our attention that one of the girls have a coin on a string, around her neck, and somehow, these bad guys know of a lot more of these coins hidden on an island somewhere. and this is where things start to get weird, somehow these guys know of a trip the girls took to some island, years earlier, when they were only 10. i guess this is supposed to mean that the girls should know exactly where this alleged treasure is. so, now, we're in the past, while the girls try to retrace their steps, so these bad guys don't kill them, although, i wouldn't have minded if they had. in the flashback, the 10 year old counterparts are on a boat trip with their sisters and the sisters boyfriends, eventually stopping by an island for some air, they get mixed up with some kid and his killer grandparents. any potential suspense or reasons to keep on watching never shows up, but the flashback was undeniably better than the present, which, still, isn't saying much.for a while there i had forgotten about the original story, at one point, i ithought maybe the director had too, and when the flashback ended, that would be the end, which would have worked for me considering this disappointment would have been a half-hour shorter. this pointless movie within a pointless movie does eventually end, and real stuff does happen, but it's stupid. i guess i didn't exactly expect a movie filled with infants being devoured, or anything like that, but i did expect some form of outlandish b-entertainment, mostly just a confusing, inept storyline, unsure of its genre. my advice would be to seek out something worthwhile like attack of the beast creatures. if anyone, i would only recommend this one to serious b-movie collectors who must have them all, anyone else interested probably has brain damage. what really gets me is that i still have no idea why they called it please don't eat the babies. 3/10

without wishing to be a killjoy, brad sykes is responsible for at least two of the most dull and clichéd films i've ever seen - this being one of them, and camp blood being another. the acting is terrible, the print is shoddy, and everything about this film screams "seriously, you could do better yourself". maybe this is a challenge to everyone to saturate youtube with our own zombie related crap?i bought this for £1, but remember, you can't put a price on 71 minutes of your life. you'd do well to avoid this turkey, even at a bargain basement price.

en route to a small town that lays way off the beaten track (but which looks suspiciously close to a freeway), a female reporter runs into a strange hitch-hiker who agrees to help direct her to her destination. the strange man then recounts a pair of gruesome tales connected to the area: in the first story, an adulterous couple plot to kill the woman's husband, but eventually suffer a far worse fate themselves when they are attacked by a zombie; and in the second story, a group of campers have their vacation cut short when an undead outlaw takes umbrage at having his grave peed on.the zombie chronicles is an attempt by writer garrett clancy and director brad sykes at making a zombie themed anthologya nice idea, but with only two stories, it falls woefully short. and that's not the only way in which this low budget gore flick fails to deliver: the acting is lousy (with joe haggerty, as the tale-telling ebenezer jackson, giving one of the strangest performances i have ever seen); the locations are uninspired; the script is dreary; there's a sex scene with zero nudity; and the ending.... well, that beggars belief.to be fair, some of sykes' creative camera-work is effective (although the gimmicky technique employed as characters run through the woods is a tad overused) and joe castro's cheapo gore is enthusiastic: an ear is bitten off, eyeballs are plucked out, a face is removed, brains are squished, and there is a messy decapitation. these positives just about make the film bearable, but be warned, the zombie chronicles ain't a stroll in the park, even for seasoned viewers of z-grade trash.i give the zombie chronicles 2/10, but generously raise my rating to 3 since i didn't get to view the film with the benefit of 3d (although i have a sneaking suspicion that an extra dimension wouldn't have made that much of a difference).

this movie is not based on the bible. it completely leaves christ out of the movie. they do not show the rapture or the second coming of christ. let alone talk about it. it does not quote from scriptures. the end times are called the great tribulation. the movie does not even show bad times. the seven bowls, seven viles and seven trumpets of judgements are boiled down to a 15 second news cast of the sea changing it's structure. the anti-christ was killed 3 1/2 years into the tribulation and that is how the movie ended. the only part they got correct was there was two prophets. the did not use there names of course because that would be too close to the truth of scriptures. the worst part of it was i really wanted it to be a good movie. i wanted to take unsaved people to it. i feel that the movie is evil. it is a counterfeit just like everything the devil does. i just hope it does not take away from the upcoming movie based on the left behind books.the second problem with the movie is it was just bad. bad acting, bad special effects, bad plot and poor character development. i have seen better episodes of miami vice.

there's tons of good-looking women in this flick. but alas, this movie is nudity-free. grrrrrrrrrr strike one.ahem. one story in this film takes place in 1971. then why the hell are the main characters driving a kia sportage? hello? continuity, anyone?as you might know, this movie was released in stereoscopic 3d. and it is the most hideous effect i have ever seen. i'm not sure if someone botched the job on this, but there was no 3d, just double-vision blurs. i didn't have the same problem with this company's other 3d movies, hunting season and camp blood. sure, the 3d in those ones sucked too, but with them i could see a semblance of 3d effect.this thing is a big ball of nothing.and whoever that women was who played the daughter of the ear-eating dame, yum! i'd like to see more of her. in movies, as well. looks like janet margolin at a young age. purrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr

this is a well made informative film in the vein of pbs frontline. the problem is, frontline already did this piece and managed to bring l. paul bremer in to tell his side of the story. more troubling is the fact that the director of the film, charles ferguson--a former think tank wonk, was a war supporter until the occupation went south. what did he think would happen? the invasion of poland went really well too until it was messed up by those pesky nazis.and that is what this film feels like--an apology for occupation rather than a deconstruction of the act of war itself. ferguson seems to suggest that the war could have been run better--as if any war can be better.

there seems to be an overwhelming response to this movie yet no one with the insight to critique its methodology, which is extremely flawed. it simply continues to propogate journalistic style analysis, which is that it plays off of the audiences lack of knowledge and prejudice in order to evoke an emotional decry and outburst of negative diatribe.journalism 101: tell the viewer some fact only in order to predispose them into drawing conclusions which are predictable. for instance, the idea of civil war, chaos, looting, etc were all supposedly unexpected responses to the collapse of governmental infrastructure following hussein's demise: were these not all symptomatic of an already destitute culture? doctrinal infighting as symptomatic of these veins of islam itself, rather than a failure in police force to restrain and secure? would they rather the us have declared marshall law? i'm sure the papers here would've exploded with accusations of a police state and fascist force.aside from the analytical idiocy of the film, it takes a few sideliners and leaves the rest out claiming "so-and-so refused to be interviewed..." yet the questions they would've asked are no doubt already answered by the hundred inquisitions those individuals have already received. would you, as vice president, deign to be interviewed by a first time writer/producer which was most certainly already amped to twist your words. they couldn't roll tape of condi to actually show her opinion and answer some of the logistics of the questions, perhaps they never watched her hearing.this is far from a neutral glimpse of the situation on the ground there. this is another biased, asinine approach by journalists - which are, by and large, unthinking herds.anyone wanting to comment on war ought at least have based their ideas on things a little more reliable than nbc coverage and cnn commentary. these interpretations smack of the same vitriol which simply creates a further bipartisanism of those who want to think and those who want to be told by the media what to think.

this movie was so bad that my i.q. went down about 40 points after seeing it. it made me wonder who could sit through the weeks it took to make it and think that it was worth it. it must of been some kind of personal favor to van damme.

1st watched 8/3/2003 - 2 out of 10(dir-brad sykes): mindless 3-d movie about flesh-eating zombies in a 3 story within a movie chronicle. and yes, we get to see zombies eating human flesh parts in 3d!! wow, not!! that has been done time and time again in 2d in a zombie movie but what usually makes a zombie movie better is the underlying story not the actual flesh-eating. that's what made the original zombie classics good. the flesh-eating was just thrown in as an extra. we're actually bored throughout most of this 3-part chronicle because of the lame(twilight-zone like) easily understood and slow-pacingly revealed finale's. the last story is actually the story the movie started with(having a reporter investigating a so-called ghost town) and of course we get to see flesh eating zombie's in that one as well. well, i think i've said enough. watch the classics, not this 3d bore-feast.

wow what a great premise for a film : set it around a film maker with writer`s block who decides to take up tango lessons . hey and what an even better idea cast the central role to a film maker who`s interested in tango. gosh i wish i had that knack for genius . yes i`m being sarcastic.it amazes me that these type of zero potential for making money movies are made . come on unless you`re a rabid tango fan ( i do concede they do exist judging by the comments ) or a die hard member of the sally potter fan club ( ? ) there`s nothing in this film that will make you rush off to the cinema to see it . even if you`re into tango much of the film is taken up with meaningless scenes like a house getting renovated or a man in wheelchair going along a road coming soon the review lesson where a failed screenwriter from scotland sits in front of a computer writing very sarcastic but highly entertaining reviews of films he`s seen . gasp in shock as theo robertson puts the boot into the latest hollywood blockbusters , weep in sympathy as he gets yet another rejection letter from a film company , fall in lust as he takes a bath and rubs soap over his well toned body . the review lesson coming soon to a cinema near you if anyone is stupid enough to fund the movieps sally potter is unrelated to harry potter

the dancing was probably the only watchable thing about this film -- and even that was disappointing compared to some other films. my gawd!to me, this is the worst kind of film -- one that assumes it's a work of art because it has all the trappings of film-as-art. yes, it's beautifully photographed, but ultimately lacks the depth and tension of the dance around which the film supposedly surrounds itself. tango is a tease, it's hot, it has drama, it's audacious -- precisely what this film is not.

this is the worst movie i have ever seen, and i have seen quite a few movies. it is passed off as an art film, but it is really a piece of trash. it's one redeeming quality is the beautiful tango dancing, but that cannot make up for sally potter's disgustingly obvious tribute to herself. the plot of this movie is nonexistent, and i guarantee you will start laughing by the end. especially where she starts singing. it's absolutely unreal.

strange how less than 2 hours can seem like a lifetime when sitting through such flat, uninspiring drivel. if a story is as personal as this supposedly was to sally potter, wouldn't you expect a little passion to show through in her performance? her acting was completely detached and i felt no chemistry between sally and pablo and the tango scenes, which should have been fiery given the nature of the dance, were instead awkward and painful to watch. obviously, revealing such a personal story on film can be daunting, and as such sally potter would have been wise to let a better actor take on the task rather than let her passion fall victim to her own sheepishness.

dire. just dire. the script is contrived, the acting painful, and the story just drags along. it is, without a doubt, a celebration of sally potter and little else. this wouldn't be so bad, but she's the director, writer and star of the film, and so is just self-glorification. i found myself not caring about the developing romance between the principal two characters, and the ending came not a moment too soon. it has two redeeming features. first is that a lot of the shots are really quite lovely, particularly in paris, and look rather good in black and white. secondly, whether you're a fan of tango or not, the music is by and large, excellent (except where sally starts singing). watch this film at your own risk, or if you need an unintentional laugh. i am sure it appeals to someone. statistically, it has to.

probably encouraged by admirers of her much-better "orlando", potter here delivers a vehicle for herself in the worst way: she writes, directs, stars, and actually co-writes the music, including a mawkish love song. the film strongly resembles a high school or college project by a teenager convinced that her own intimate loves and melodramatic obsessions are as fascinating to us as to her. but potter's character is as unsympathetic as the object of her romantic obsession is unlikable, and the whole film is an embarrassing display of narcissism masquerading as a celebration of the tango. perhaps if she hadn't cast herself it might have worked. she just can't act, whether playing herself or not. pretentious, over-ambitious, dull, and silly.

the film is severely awful and is demeaning to rape victims. on the surface, it may be a daring film about rape but if you dig beneath the surface, what lies is a not-so-positive message about rape. aishwarya the rape victim is shown to be a helpless victim who cannot cope all because she is a woman. she needs a man to help her. when the society makes jibes about her and throws comments at her, she does not stand up for herself. it is all left to anil kapoor to do all the talking while aishwarya does all the crying.the director (satish kaushik) went down the wrong path by portraying a rape victim as weak and submissive. what would have been more effective is portraying a strong woman who rebels against her enemies in a courageous way. the director is famous for being chauvinistic. his films are usually full of weak women but he tries to hide them in controversial roles. he needs to learn that just because the role is controversial, it does not mean that the character herself is strong.the most degrading scene in the film is when aishwarya 'cleans' herself after just being raped. she does it to please her father who thinks that she is now dirty. though it is commendable that shah shows the stigma against rape victims in such a stark light, what he does not show us is whether ash's father was wrong for making his daughter do such a thing. thus we are left with a confusing message about rape.the comedy too is not needed in a strong subject film like this. even more so, the comedy is simply not funny. ash is wooden in her role while anil kapoor does nothing but shout. the music is mediocre except for the title track, which is beautifully picturised (the only bright point of this film). sonali bendre's role is disappointing and pointless. overall, what could have been a great movie to remember ends up being an awful mish-mash that will give some viewers severe indigestion.

...but a lousy film. as maltin says this was christopher lee's attempt to make a serious horror film. well, it is serious...too serious! the plot is silly and slow (something about old people inhabiting the bodies of young children to achieve immortality)...the film is all talk talk talk talk talk talk talk about the same things over and over again. i actually dozed off a few times! the film is sooooo dull! the cast sleepwalks through this with the sole exceptions of peter cushing and lee...but this was probably a labor of love for both (they often complained about horror movies being too violent...well, this has no violence!). avoid at all costs...unless you have insomnia...this will put you to sleep!

thoughtless, ignorant, ill-conceived, career-killing (where is the talented angela jones now?), deeply unfunny garbage. it's no wonder reb braddock hasn't directed anything else since - anyone who has a chance to make his first film on his own rules, based on his own script, with the help of quentin tarantino himself, and creates something like this, anyone who feels that this was a story worth telling to the world, doesn't deserve a second break. under the circumstances, the performances are good - the actors do what they're told to do, and they do it well. it's just that they shouldn't have done it in the first place. 0 out of 4.

from it's uninspiring title to the flat acting performances, curdled is very much an unremarkable film throughout. the film has gained some fans by way of the fact that quentin tarantino's name is attached to it, and the silly and out of place nod to the rodriguez/tarantino flick 'from dusk till dawn'. these things do not make a great movie, however, and this is more than evident all the way through 'curdled'. the film suffers from an all too obvious lack of ideas, and it tries to mask this with murders that are meant to be stylish and events that are supposed to be disturbing. the mexican music score that accompanies many of the sequences in the film is obviously meant to be cool, but it's becomes annoying very quickly; especially as aside from the fact that the lead character is mexican, it doesn't fit with the tone of the movie. the film's plot is typically offbeat and it follows a gorehound who, because of her obsession with grisly murders, takes a job with a firm that cleans up murder scenes. it sounds boring and it is.william baldwin is the only 'name' on the cast list, and even he doesn't make an impression. he hasn't been given anything to do in the movie and aside from talking to his victims and standing around trying to look menacing, he's pretty much wasted. angela jones, or rather; the taxi driver from pulp fiction, takes the lead role as the murder obsessed young woman, and it is always clear that it's her involvement with pulp fiction that won her this role, not her acting ability. she may have been good enough in her small role in tarantino's masterpiece, but she doesn't have the talent to lead a film by herself. she looks lost and out of place for the majority of the film, and if it weren't for her latino accent; she wouldn't convince the audience that she's a weirdo on any level. curdled is a one hundred percent-proof piece of forgettable trash. films like this often win themselves praise for invention or black comedic antics; but this one fails on all levels. whether you're a tarantino fan, william baldwin fan, horror fan or just a movie buff; this is one to miss.

excruciatingly slow-paced, over-scripted black comedy with a too-clever premise and bad acting.maybe this would have worked as a twilight zone or tales from the crypt episode, but by the last half, you just want it to get to its predictable ending and be done with it already.

geordies...salt of the earth characters...bricklayers...beer...geordies...happy go lucky...adventures working abroad...salt of the earth characters...warm wonderful people...tyne bridge (tear in the eye)...brown ale...salt of the earth characters...cute little red indians children in newcastle united tops...emetic...geordies...salt of the earth characters...etc etc etc....please. this is so poor. and you should know better timothy spall. they can't have paid you that much.as for jimmy nail. well the kindest thing that can be said is that he is every bit as good an 'actor' as he is a singer and writer. come on jimmy, the joke's over. 'crocodile shoes' and 'spender' were very funny, unfortunately i don't think they were supposed to be. with 'auf wiedersehen pet' the opposite applies.

please, help the economy - spend your money elsewhere! the synopsis of the movie is: the first lady has her husband assassinated because he was cheating on her. that's it. undetected by anyone, except cuba and angie, she designs and implements a vast assassination conspiracy which no one knows about...and gets away completely free.some specific points are particularly hilarious: while standing in front of the president, cuba a deflects the assassin's bullet...which then enters the back of the president's head.cuba and angie watch film from a news camera, and they see...a clue. they go to great lengths to protect the film, believing that they are the only people that have a copy of this very public film.cuba speaks with a presidential staff member. the psm comments that there was no conspiracy. cuba claims there was more than one person involved. the psm then rants that the conspiracy includes the fbi, the cia, and the nsa. gosh, i wonder is the psm is involved.ms archer, the first lady, is a craptacular artist. cuba can't make out a painting, and she says, "you're too close...stand back...look from a different perspective, look from my perspective." can anyone miss that clue?

end game started well, the least said about the end the better. it seemed like things we're happening just to keep the plot going, for example the reporter who at first is a very inquisitive, intelligent person, half way through does something really stupid and totally out of character, we are given no reason for this apart from, the next scene wouldn't make sense without it. the whole story could have been told in about 30 minutes, it would have made an average tv political drama the brilliant cuba gooding jr. is very watchable however and james woods does an admirable job considering.the end game was honestly one of the worst films i've ever seen......and that's saying something, i've seen gigli.

i spent almost two hours watching a movie that i thought, with all the good actors in it, would be worth watching. i couldn't believe it when the movie ended and i had absolutely no idea what had happened.....i was mad because i could have used that time doing something else....i tried to figure it all out, but really had no clue. thanks to those who figured it out and have explained it....right or wrong, it's better than not knowing anything!! who was the lady in the movie with dark hair that we saw a couple of times driving away? how did first lady know that her husband was cheating on her? at the end of the movie kate said she would eventually find out the truth. does this mean that we're going to be subjected to end game 2?

cuba gooding jr. is a secret service agent who blames himself over the assassination of the u.s. president, i'll point out straight away that this is not the type of role that this very talented actor is noted for, and this film shows us why. he teams up with a persistent news reporter (angie harmon) to uncover the conspiracy surrounding the president's death, and so on, blah, blah, blah.even with a cast of james woods, cuba gooding jr, anne archer and angie harmon 'end game' fails to grab your attention, plain and simple; some of the action is good, the acting isn't all bad and the story although clichéd and done before could have lead to an entertaining and enjoyable movie - well it doesn't! the writing of the script and the direction makes absolutely sure of that, at no point does it suck you into the story or make you give the slightest thought to any of the characters.4/10 it's boring, predictable and dull.

i guess its possible that i've seen worse movies, but this one is a real stinker! the plot is unremarkable but thats not the worst of it. the directing is no where close to what you would expect from andy ching. he's capable of good work but failed to pull this movie together.angie harmon, playing the female lead as a reporter dogging into who's behind the assassination of the president, truly butchered the role. there was no chemistry with gooding, her demeanor was flat and wooden, and the 5 inch spike heels she wore throughout the movie were absurd. this outing for harmon places her solidly at the bottom of the "b" list.and what was cuba gooding thinking??? he has to his credit a number of outstanding performances, but this was far beneath what we've come to expect from him.poor james woods and burt reynolds. poor poor poor poor poor.

i argued with myself whether to rent this or not. i'm always afraid of renting something i've never heard of (don't remember this being in theaters). great cast...that's what tipped the scales. 30 minutes in, i almost stopped watching it. the first few minutes are fun to watch, but unbelievable. it only gets worse after that. the writers of this movie could do a little research on future projects if they want to make their movies even a little better. or they could just try writing something just a little bit believable. i give it a 3....a 1 for the writing (only because there are words)and a 2 for being able to get so many good actors to agree to do this movie despite having to read the script. oh my god this movie sucks.

poor ingrid suffered and suffered once she went off to italy, tired of the hollywood glamor treatment. first it was suffering the torments of a volcanic island in stromboli, an arty failure that would have killed the career of a less resilient actress. and now it's europa 51, another tedious exercise in soggy sentiment.nor does the story do much for alexander knox, in another thankless role as her long-suffering husband who tries to comfort her after the suicidal death of their young son. at least this one has better production values and a more coherent script than stromboli.bergman is still attractive here, but moving toward a more matronly appearance as a rich society woman. she's never able to cope over the sudden loss of her son, despite attempts by a kindly male friend. "sometimes i think i'm going out of my mind," she tells her husband. a portentous statement in a film that is totally without humor or grace, but it does give us a sense of where the story is going.bergman is soon motivated to help the poor in post-war rome, but being a social worker with poor children doesn't improve her emotional health and from thereon the plot takes a turn for the worse.the film's overall effect is that it's not sufficiently interesting to make into a project for a major star like bergman. the film loses pace midway through the story as bergman becomes more and more distraught and her husband suspects that she's two-timing him. the story goes downhill from there after she nurses a street-walker through her terminal illness. the final thread of plot has her husband needing to place her for observation in a mental asylum.ingrid suffers nobly through it all (over-compensating for the loss of her son) but it's no use. not one of her best flicks, to put it mildly.trivia note: if she wanted neo-realism with mental illness, she might have been better off accepting the lead in the snake pit when it was offered to her by director anatole litvak!! it would have done more for her career than europa 51.summing up: another bleak indiscretion of rossellini and bergman.

maybe it's the dubbing, or maybe it's the endless scenes of people crying, moaning or otherwise carrying on, but i found europa '51 to be one of the most overwrought (and therefore annoying) films i've ever seen. the film starts out promisingly if familiarly, as mom ingrid bergman is too busy to spend time with her spoiled brat of a son (sandro franchina). whilst mummy and daddy (bland alexander knox) entertain their guests at a dinner party, the youngster tries to kill himself, setting in motion a life changing series of events that find bergman spending time showering compassion on the poor and needy. spurred on by communist newspaper editor andrea (ettore giannini), she soon spends more time with the downtrodden than she does with her husband, who soon locks her up in an insane asylum for her troubles. bergman plays the saint role to the hilt, echoing her 1948 role as joan of arc, and rossellini does a fantastic job of lighting and filming her to best effect. unfortunately, the script pounds its point home with ham-fisted subtlety, as andrea and mom take turns declaiming marxist and christian platitudes. by the final tear soaked scene, i had had more than my fill of these tiresome characters. a real step down for rossellini as he stepped away from neo-realism and further embraced the mythical and mystical themes of 1950's flowers of st. francis.

i checked this movie out based on a favorable review on this page. it is slow moving and the payoff is a four star dud..the only mystery here is how oscar® winner f. murray abraham got involved with such a lousy script!

...ok i have read about this film somewhere in the internet, and many criticized on how bad and sucks this film was. and i couldn't have been more agree about it. then after that i saw this film on dvd, i was thinking twice about this and then came commercial of this film on tv. luckily i spared my money for this pieces of crap. i was sacrificed my sleeps for this film and soon it turned out that this film couldn't make me satisfy. so i can't be judging on how the film was made, but anyway... it still sucks. as for those who liked this film, i would apologize for flaming this film and telling on how sucks this film is. i don't know what do you think about this film?

on the surface, this movie would appear to deal with the psychological process called individuation, that is how to become a true self by embracing the so-called 'dark' side of human nature. thus, we have the darkling, a classic shadowy devilish creature desperately seeking the company (that is, recognition) of men, and the story revolves around the various ways in which this need is handled, more or less successfully. however, if we dig a little deeper, we find that what this movie is actually about is how you should relate to your car like you would to any other person: - in the opening scene, the main character (male car mechanic fallen from grace)is collecting bits and pieces from car wrecks with his daughter, when a car wreck nearly smashes the little girl. lesson #1: cars are persons embodied with immortal souls, and stealing from car wrecks is identical with grave robbery. the wicked have disturbed the dead and must be punished. - just after that, another character (rubin) buys a car wreck intending to repair it and sell it as a once-lost-now-found famous race-car and is warned by the salesman. lesson #2: just like any other person, a car has a unique identity that cannot be altered nor replaced. in addition, there is the twist that rubin actually sees a hidden quality in what most people would just think of as junk, but eventually that quality turns out to be a projection of rubin's own personal greed for more profit. lesson #3: thou shalt never treat thy car as a means only, but always as an end in itself. - then we have the scene where the main character is introduced to rubin and, more importantly, rubin's car: the main character's assessment of the car's qualities is not just based on its outer appearance, but also by a thorough look inside the engine room. lesson #4: a car is not just to be judged by its looks, it is what is inside that really counts. there is punishment in store for those who do not keep this lesson in mind, as we see in the scene where another man tries to sell rubin a fake collector's car. this scene by the way also underlines the importance of lesson #3. there are numerous other examples in the movie of the 'car=person'-theme, and i am too tired now to bother citing all of them, but the point remains (and i guess this is what i'm really trying to say) that this movie is fun to watch if you have absolutely nothing else to do - or, if you're a car devotee.

first of all i thought it was naughty of them to say in the credits that the story and screenplay were by preston sturges. sturges was one of the better hollywood screenwriters until his talent faded and he retired. however, it wasn't the preston sturges, it was preston sturges, jr. the story was essentially based on robert louis stevenson's short story "the bottle imp". a good man comes into possession of an evil object that will grant him any wish but which will ultimately doom him to hell. that's fine. nobody said screenwriters had to be original. the actors are generally pretty competent given the mediocre writing that they had to translate onto the screen. my biggest complaint comes with the ending. the hero thinks he has discovered a way out of his dilemma but tries to solve the problem in a somewhat different way in an attempt to save an innocent person. at first this seems to have worked but true to the code of the modern horror film, they feel they have to provide one last dollop of horror at the very end of the film. this is a stupid convention. the older horror films got along just fine with allowing the hero to win out at the end. there is nothing wrong with good triumphing over evil no matter what the current crop of film makers seems to think. you can give the audience a good healthy scare and still make them feel happy at the end. in fact, i think it's preferable.

the darkling was a very interesting and entertaining film while f. murray abraham was in it. spoilers: about halfway through, f.murray gets zapped, because the darkling is some kind of demon-like creature who enjoys living vicariously. he takes bums and losers and perverts them further while giving them all they want in terms of success. he feeds from their enjoyment of the seven deadly sins. however, part of it is that he needs to get people who may be flawed but not completely evil. otherwise he cannot "pervert" their natural goodness. that's what the little guy said in his barry white voice, which i found both charming and amusing. mostly amusing. like imagine barry white if he were a little dwarf and he was telling aiden gillen "dee plane, dee plane, bos, here eet come, dee plane!" all through the movie, dee dwarf (actually a robotronic cherub) talks to aiden gillen in the barry white voice, saying things like "it's ok to be bad, you know you want it." "now you've committed murder, you're really moving up in the world" and other remarks that sound like commercials for "being evil" stores or something. it really is hilarious in a sick way.anyhow, aiden gillen is no f. murray abraham, and the movie tanks as soon as murray gets the axe (or knifed?). f. murray brings a certain happy malevolence to his role in this film. he is a good actor. aiden gillen on the other hand has a permanent happy smirk on his face, and he looks like maybe his remedial english comp. class had never hit the mythological characters and he could not imagine what the movie was about. the ending is really creepy and yet almost comical. if this movie were a parody, the ending was perfect. if it was not a parody, then it was creepy; but a cheap use of a little girl to deliver a gross-out that the movie itself could not deliver. the people who made this movie lost whatever it was that they wanted to do with it somewhere before the ending. it just ends like they just realized that they had run out of money and had to film a quickie ending.

yes, i sat through the whole thing, god knows why.it was a long afternoon, i had nothing to do, it was bitterly cold outside, okay, those are all lame excuses but they're the only ones i have.i gave the darkling 4 stars out of a possible 10 - i have seen worse films, but this one definitely is right there in the old trash bin of bad filmdom--poor script, poor acting, bad lighting, and cheesy special effects.the storyline, which never completely makes sense, revolves around this simple little family, daddy, mommy, and little girl--that i assume the viewer is supposed to be "identifying" with, all three of them were tedious and annoying. you just want the dark side to get every one of them.daddy is a cook whose hobby is cars. daddy meets a rich man named rubin who collects cars and who is also in possession of a being he purchased in the "mysterious" orient. rubin keeps it in a birdcage and refers to it as "the darkling". during the course of the film, the darkling is explained as being about 3 or 4 different things: a shadow without a person, the inner darkness that exists in all of us, and the devil. so take your pick of whichever one of those explanations suits your fancy--because trust me, it doesn't really matter.the darkling's main problem seems to be that it craves having a companion--it gets a human companion--and then eventually is dissatisfied with the human being. this, of course, leads to immense wealth, followed by disaster, for the human who hooks up with the darkling.and for the rest of us -- it just leads to a very long, tedious movie.

if the crew behind "zombie chronicles" ever read this, here's some advice guys: 1. in a "twist ending"-type movie, it's not a good idea to insert close-ups of every death in the movie in the opening credits. that tends to spoil the twists, y'know...? 2. i know you produced this on a shoestring and - to be fair - you worked miracles with your budget but please, hire people who can actually act. or at least, walk, talk and gesture at the same time. joe haggerty, i'm looking at you...3. if you're going to set a part of your movie in the past, only do this if you have the props and costumes of the time.4. twist endings are supposed to be a surprise. sure, we don't want twists that make no sense, but signposting the "reveal" as soon as you introduce a character? that's not a great idea.kudos to the guys for trying, but in all honesty, i'd rather they hadn't...only for zombie completists.

the film is about sir christopher strong (mp--member of parliament--played by colin clive) and his affair with the amelia earhart-like character played by katherine hepburn. up until they met, he had been a very devoted husband but when he met the odd but fascinating hepburn, he "couldn't help himself" and they fell in love. you can tell, because they stare off into space a lot and talk endlessly about how painful their unrequited love is. frankly, this is a terribly dated and practically impossible film to watch. part of the problem is that in the pre-code days, films glamorizing adultery were very common. plus, even if you accept this morally suspect subject, the utter sappiness of the dialog make it sound like a 19th century romance novel...and a really bad one at that. sticky and with difficult to like characters (after all, clive's wife is a nice lady and did no one any harm) make this one a big waste of time. about the only interesting aspect of this film is the costume hepburn wears in an early scene where she is dressed in a moth costume! you've gotta see it to believe it--and she looks like one of the bugaloos (an obscure, but fitting reference).

merry madcaps in london stage a treasure hunt, with one young woman inadvertently fixing up her married politician father with a strong, independent lady-flier who's never been in love. intriguing early vehicle for katharine hepburn, playing an amelia earhart-like aviatrix who's been too self-involved to give herself over to any man. the director (dorothy arzner) and the screenwriter (zoe akins, who adapted gilbert frankau's book) were obviously assigned to this project to get the female point of view, but why are all the old clichés kept intact like frozen artifacts? billie burke plays the type of simpering, weepy wife who takes to her bed when thing go wrong, and hepburn's final scene is another bummer. a curious artifact, but not a classic for kate-watchers. ** from ****

dialogue: stilted, clichéd; acting: hammy, clichéd; plot: predictable, clichéd.just what are christopher plummer nastassia kinski doing in this "b" rubbish? plummer was well established decades before this movie was made, kinski had masterpieces like "tess" and "cat people" behind her... must have been desperate.the bad guys all have bad-guy accents - *bad* bad-guy accents! (plummer especially! where *did* he learn to do "german"?) and most of them have bad-guy sneers as well. the innocent bystanders all overdo their panicking enough to make you laugh. the good guy survives, amongst other things: * a 5" throwing knife buried hilt-deep in his shoulder - just pulls it out and seconds later is using the arm with no difficulty at all; * marines' machine-gun fire (i think someone referred to a .50) in the leg which he sorts out by tying a bandage around his pants leg and thereafter he barely has a limp; * several fist-fights in which he sustains multiple punches to the face as well as being run cranium-first into a door frame; * a fall, backwards, from what looks like the third floor, onto paving, without the slightest sign of a twisted ankle or any other such trifling inconvenience. the script has exactly 3 clever lines, the rest of the time it's all so dull and boring.ok it's not all bad. plummer does bring a certain class to his part, and is undoubtedly the best actor in this flick. of course that doesn't say much, but he can do the callous villain without resorting to the ham techniques most of the villains use here. he delivers his "ve haff vays and meance" type lines with some menace, but you are always aware you are watching christopher plummer acting the villain.this movie is truly an awful waste of time. the acting, such as it is, is sort of 70's 007 movies wooden line delivery meets bruce lee's very obviously faked fight scenes, but it's not even anywhere near as good as either a roger moore 007 or a bruce lee film. don't bother.

but thomas ian griffith just doesn't have the polish that a big bucks actor has, granted this was made 5+ years ago. some of the humorous lines could have been timed to make this not only action, but comedy. and how do you get kc out of katia koslovska anyhow? plummer's character was so corny, he would have fit better in a bullwinkle toon. personally, if action flicks are going to show skin -- i'd have liked to have seen equal time between female/male, otherwise don't show any.

it's die hard meets cliffhanger when a ski resort is besieged by terrorists and it's up to one cop, jack (crackerjack) to stop this.a b-action movie that borrows from other films and is quite good with pretty good action, a ridiculous plot (as always in these movies) and three fine stars. thomas ian griffith as the cop and nastasja kinski and christopher plummer as terrorists. if you don't like stupid b-action movies this is not for you.

maverick cop with family problems and fondness of using his gun  check! isolated location with valuable object which is begging to be stolen  check! tasty looking love interest  check! assorted band of dumb cardboard cannon fodder villains with dodgy european accents  check! german sounding bad guy played by an english actor with a piece of corny dialogue for every occasion  check! corny one liners  check!deary me, does this film take the wee wee or what? the clichés come as thick and fast as an avalanche and most of the cast just stand around gawping at just how bad the script is!in a blatantly cheap and cheerful straight to video rip off of die hard only set on a mountain (complete with some nicked lines from the aforesaid) we have all the usual action move cliché's ticked off progressively as we go along with some good old fashioned violence and nudity thrown in to wake up anyone in the audience who may just have nodded off.jack wild is the cop in full on john mcclane mode here who even manages time for the ye ancient bad guy with gun has used all his bullets gag at one point.in amidst this mess, there are a few well known recognisable faces who i can only assume needed the cash and/or were simply playing it for laughs right from the pointless opening scene that had nothing to do with the plot whatsoever through to the final implausible conclusion complete with ropey dialogue and even ropier effects.looking up this three quid from the supermarket bargain bin effort on imdb i am astonished to find that this dud spawned not one but two sequels, i have got to find these gems on dvd! it looks like the first sequel is a rip off of under siege 2 and the second sequel, well goodness knows! one thing that is always a bad sign is that the actor playing jack changes with each film and even the character's name seems to change for the third instalment.still, blind purchases of cheap dvd's just would not be the same if studios didn't keep trotting out material of this awful quality!!

wow and i thought that any steven segal movie was bad. every time i thought that the movie couldn't get worse it proved me wrong. the story was good but the actors couldn't carry it off. also, they made a lot of mistakes on how proper archiological digs are done. for instance you don't handle artifacts untill they are catologed and accounted for. the biggest crime in casting was the archiologist girl. she is a weak actress and i felt that her acting really made the movie less realistic then it already was. the whole concept of the knights templar being underground all these years seemed pretty stupid to me. i like the idea of how they disappeared and stuff, so that almost seemed depressing. i thought that the characters wern't explained well enough. you didn't find out much background and that made it harder to relate to them.

where to start? this is probably one of the worst movies i have ever seen. the editing is the worst ever, the sound effects were awful and the sound editing was whacked. most of the movie all one could here is the crappy kicking effects, with muddled talking in the background. i had to turn my volume on full blast just to her what was going on....and what was i supposed to hear exactly? probably one of the worst scripts ever made. i can't believe people actually put up some green for this film. it makes me think i could take a crap in a box, send it to producers, and then have them finance a movie for me.dolph, was a usual, dolph. nothing else needs to be said. the villains were bad, the protagonists were bad, and the movie was a stinker. if you really want to know what not to do when either writing, directing or editing a movie, watch this!

this movie had the potential to be really good, considering some of the plot elements are borrowed from the sci-fi actioner the hidden. and dolph always lends some cheesy appeal to his roles. but someone somewhere really dropped the ball on this one.dolph plays a butt-kicking monk (!) who travels to new york to retrieve a key that unlocks a door beneath his monastery that has imprisoned the antichrist for 2000 years. he must battle the minion, who is a spirit that jumps from body to body much like the hidden and jason goes to hell. the minion, naturally, wants the key so it can let the antichrist out. along for the ride is an annoying female archaeologist and together she and dolph are chased by the minion-possessed bodies.if i'm making this sound entertaining, forget it. the pacing is very awkward and sluggish, the acting subpar at best, and the fight scenes staged poorly. dolph sleepwalks through his role and spouts some of the worst dialogue of his career.the cheese factor really picks up at the end when the minion battles an army of machine-gun wielding monks at the monastery, but the rest of this flick is a snoozefest.too bad, i really wanted to like this.

i can't think of much to say about this film. this was an awful movie...i can't even tell you what made me decide to view it. it had so few redeeming qualities that i don't even know where to begin.the plot moved from implausible to downright absurd. my entire body was tense throughout the duration of the movie because i could not wait for the awful thing to be over and done. by the end of the movie, i found myself feeling beyond relieved. the editing was poor, the acting was sub-par, and the storyline was weak. francoise robinson was cast as a native american, even though she does not even closely resemble someone of native american heritage. if a movie is going to be this idiotic, it should be laughably stupid -- at the very least. it wasn't. it was just pathetic.

first of all, i am not a huge fan of contemporary turkish cinema, which is because, the usual pattern of creating a box office success is by hitting below the waistline. this movie is nothing of an artistic masterpiece that deals with taboos, as the director and marketing ads imply. in my mere opinion, the sole purpose of this movie is make money by touching a sensitive morale(in fact it is mostly considered taboo in the native country) cheap populism might provide with a brief definition of what i meant.however, the acting is near perfect. in fact, most of the cast has theatrical background and tried hard to compensate for what altioklar lacked; talent! all members of the cast were perfectly fit in their roles and well qualified for the job, even the less experienced ones. (like janset) at least, altioklar deserves a small word of appreciation , just because he knows well how to choose the cast. other than that, he is just a media monkey, who presumes himself a director with an artistic talent. come on, art is not something that solely consists of dealing with naked/half naked women. and just because media boasts off, no director becomes a milestone in the history of turkish cinema. just close your ears and o something real artistic, i am waiting eagerly to applause your next work. hope, this time you manage to achieve an artistic approach.in short; pros > good acting, hot women (just kidding!) :) cons> each and every single thing, other than the cast

terrible movie. if there is one turkish film you should avoid seeing in 2006, that should be banyo. what a waste of time. other than couple of cheap laughs this movie achieves nothing, nada, zilch, nil. the dialog is cheap, and sexual clichés are all over it. the director needs to watch more films before attempting to direct his own. the red headed women displays examples of what an actress should not do. if you are interested in learning how not to act this is a perfect example of bad acting. the only good thing i can say about the movie is, wait, wait, there is nothing good i can say about it. i must have really disliked it to write about it this much. jeez!

this movie offers nothing but the dumbest conversations possible. as a matter of fact i most probably could not have imagined how meaningless a film, how synthetic the dialogs could be until an hour ago, but then again i saw this video. in a movie that does not depend on a powerful script, one expects to see at least good acting and tasty conversations and even some humor maybe, yet this movie lacks them all. you heard me it lacks them all. there is not a single point i like about this movie, none. i hate it. i'm sure anyone will do so too. the name is intended to give the target audience some thoughts of nudity and stuff, yet it fails even at the nudity. i don't know how but i beared to watch this thing for an hour or so, and i definitely recommend you don't do so. worst movie i've seen in my entire life. if someone offers you to watch it, ruuun awaaaaay saaaaaave your liiiiiiiiife

i saw this film at the 2005 toronto international film festival. based on a novella by science- fiction author brian aldiss, this film attempts to tell the story of tom and barry howe, conjoined twins who are plucked from their family by an impresario in order to form a rock band.almost deliberately gimmicky, the film is also too clever by half (if you'll pardon the pun). by mixing genres, styles and moods, the directors (whose previous film was the excellent documentary lost in la mancha) lose their way pretty quickly. i was never sure whether i was meant to take it all seriously or not. flashbacks, dream sequences, it was all just a bit much. plus, the promised rock and roll just didn't move me. i was reminded a bit too much at times of hedwig and the angry inch, a film i found original and moving. but in this case, the songs just weren't as good, nor were the main characters sympathetic. a more unfavourable comparison would be the similarly disappointing velvet goldmine.

this is quite possibly the worst movie of all time. it stars shaquille o'neil and is about a rapping genie. apparently someone out there thought that this was a good idea and got suckered into dishing out cash to produce this wonderful masterpiece. the movie gets 1 out of 10.

would someone tell shaq to stick to what he is good at basketball. this movie was not even entertaining on a stupid level. in this movie shaq plays a genie who lives in a boom box is that not orginal a genie in a boom box instead of a lamp. he is supposed to help a little boy played by the equally annoying francais cappra. this movie had the most flimsy storyline since water world, the acting was awful and i think that anyone who likes this flim would be afraid to admit it.

this film proves that the "commercial" cinema ,or else,the hollywood movies are in a serious crisis.there is absolutely no reason that this movie should have been produced apart from the fact that somebody expected success based on shaquille's name.there is no worth referring to the plot :it is a bit more perplexed than a knot.what else?the screen is somewhat dim,o'neal is a bad actor but francis capra is even worse.rating: 1 / 10.

pros: nothingcons: everythingplot summary: a female reporter runs into a hitchhiker that tells her stories about the deaths of people that were killed by zombies.review: never in my life have i come across a movie as bad the zombie chronicles. filmed on a budget of what looks to be about 20 bucks, tzc is a completely horrible horror movie that relies on lame, forgetable actors whom couldn't act to save their lives and gore that's more gross than frightening. how does a movie like this even get made? simply put, avoid tzc like a sexually-transmitted disease.my last 2 cents: humorously enough, this movie was made by a movie company called brain damage films. they're brains must have really been damaged to come up with a craptacular movie like this.my rating: 1 out of 10(if it were up to me, this movie would get the rating of negative bajillion)

check out the film's website, more time was put into making that than in the writing of the script for this movie. it couldn't be more off in it's boasting. original story? original? they must have found the script tucked away between the old testament, or face legal repercussion for that bit of horn-tooting. high-end special effects? come on, i could do better with an atari 7600 and a jug of earwax. stylish cinematography? oh yes, the america's funniest home video look is still a classic. i'm sure they had little money available for this title, so of course the sf aren't really that good, or a bit bad now and then, or just plain hilarious, but it's the story that makes this film a waste of time and money. 4 stories rolled into one and all of them brainless bits of seen-befores and done-already's.

i didn't know if i would laugh or cry seeing this. only addicted fans of danni filth could have a taste for this. this is supposed to be a horror movie but there's only filth in this. the most cool scene is the car accident, with real special effects from the best of hollywood. avoid this movie at all costs. see this only for studies of how bad can be a movie................

this is another of the many b minus movies tagged as film noir in the hope of generating some interest in something that is devoid of it. all aspects of the film - script, acting, direction - are mediocre. the acting by the three leads is wooden. i guess john dall was expected to go places in the movie business but then someone realised he had little talent and therefore ended up doing tv work. lee j cobb who is usually terrific cannot rise above the poor script and poor direction. jane wyatt is supposed to be a femme fatale but comes nowhere near convincing the viewers. the movie does have two of the strangest looking cars that i have ever seen, the one in which john dall goes after lee j cobb is particularly strange. the dvd transfer is typical alpha.

this was a disappointing film for me. it came to me via a boxed set entitled, "classic film noir," which was a gift from someone who knows i typically enjoy films done in that style (i insist that noir is a style, not a genre). i do not think it is a noir film at all. there seems to be a tendency these days to label and market every black and white b movie made from 1947 to 1955 as noir, and the label does not always fit. there is a persecuted male protagonist, ed cullen (lee j. cobb), and most of the film's action takes place indoors. those are just about the only noir elements that i could see. there is no pervasive paranoia, or any real reason why one should sympathize with ed cullen. jane wyatt was overdressed and unconvincing as a femme fatale. i do not want to spoil this film for potential viewers. however, i would be interested in hearing what other connoisseurs of film noir have to say about it.

maybe i'm missing something because i've read more positive things about the man who cheated himself than i have read bad reviews - and i just don't get it. i like my noirs to have a little style to them with characters that speak, look, and act like humphrey bogart in the big sleep or gene tierney in laura. none of the characters in this movie have that style or presence or whatever you want to call it. take the lead actor, lee j. cobb. his rumpled, rolled-out-of-bed look is about as far from the dashing, smooth-talking noir archetype as you'll find. or, take jane wyatt as the femme fatale as another example. this is one of the worst cases of miscasting i've seen in a while. she's just not convincing in the role.as for the plot, it's tired and lacks any real surprises or anything new for the genre. i could have predicted the outcome of the man who cheated himself after about five minutes. and that final cat-and-mouse chase scene is plain old dull. ten to fifteen minutes of nothing happening really ruined any pacing the movie may have had going for it.

i watched like 8 or 9 herzog movies and none of them had any impact on me.i watched several documentaries about him. he is obviously an intelligent man, with great knowledge about films and passion for making them, but does this makes him a good director. definitely no! a complete anti-talent. he can make a good documentary because of previously mentioned traits, but a film with actors  never!he can't direct nor write. his screenplays are full of badly thought out situations, and many situations/dialogues in his movies are so childishly and badly done that they cannot be hidden behind the word "art" in any sense. no way. not to mention the unskillful direction, so amateurish-like. to say that he wants to direct like that and write crap like that is a lie.like the scene when scheitz gets arrested and storszek hides in the back of the store. who is he kidding?he is a cheater; he knows what fake intellectuals and critics want. he knows what elements he needs to put in the script to get your their attention and empty praising. never mind the rest of the script and sloppy direction.just look at julio medem. if herzog can make a movie like medem can, then i might re-check his old movies and try to find talent in them.

lage raho munnabhai is really a disappointing movie . i have seen the first part of munnabhai and it was really good but this one really make u bore n disappoint u.......................................this movie really waste yours time and money . i went with my friend to this movie on the first day of its release and v both get bore in cinema-hall......................................................role of circuit was very small n useless n this movie . i think sanjay-dutt cut down the role of arshad varshi........................character of the movie is also not well define like the previous one .this movie show u the result of over-confidence .........the ideas of mahatma is also not define and confusing..................a really very big disappointment

the reason i intended to give this movie a chance to take 2 hours of my life (actually it was only 35 minutes) was my wish to try to understand and hopefully appreciate indian cinema. all i have ever seen were few older movies of s.ray.browsing through imdb i came across this one and after seeing rating of 8.7 i concluded this must be the one which will open the doors of unknown and bring artistic enjoyment. oh my how wrong i was! the only logical explanation for this rating of 8.7 is that most of 970 people who voted are indian and their only venture outside bolliwood production were adam sandler movies.with this rating this movie would be ranked on 9th place on imdb list of 250 best movies above citizen cane, goodfellas of psycho! i am really not in a mood to review and criticize because there is simply nothing that i find worth remembering from this painful experience. my only hope is that there is a lot of hindu who like me find this movie as is -- plain stupid, with abundance of kitsch and cheesy music.

i love the munna bhai mbbs but "lagge raho..." sux really sux. i have never seen such a boring movie in my whole life. and these high ratings really astonished me that wat happened to the taste of indian cinema viewers ?? **may be spoiler** an educated girl needs an advice from a bhai, people discussing their personal prob. on phones come on man from which part of the world u r ??? i agree that films should be fictitious but these things are really indigestible.2 out of 10. (2 stars is for 15 mins good starting)

let's see where to begin... bad acting; i'm not sure if i'd even call it that, as it more along the lines of a no-effort script read. the actors didn't even seem to be into their parts and seemed quite lifeless and listless. sure there was a scene or two with nudity, but that couldn't save this movie from it's lifeless characters.to call the main character a rapper is an insult to the people who actually do. the lyrics had no rhythm or flow and seemed more along the lines of senseless rants.budget? did this movie even have a budget? it seemed like they used less money than i've seen in a home-shot youtube video. bad lighting, props, poor sound post production. bad special effects, if you want to go so far as to call them that. story could have been good if the people actually seemed interested in making it so, but there was no life to this flick; i don't care who directed it.i've seen some really bad flicks in the past year and this one is definitely at the very bottom. don't waste your time or you'll be wishing you listened to this unbiased review. check the ratings, you'll see the 1's are rapidly outpacing the fluffed 10's with hardly anything in between. wish i would have looked a little closer before wasting my time. what a suck-fest!

this is a film that makes you say 2 things... 1) i can do much better than this( acting,writing and directing) 2) this is so bad i must leave a review and warn others...looks as if it was shot with my flip video. i have too believe my friend who told me to watch this has a vendetta against me. i have noticed that there are some positive posts for this home video; must have been left by crew members or people with something to do with this film. one of the worst 3 movies i have ever seen. hopefully the writers and director leave the business. not even talented enough to do commercials!!!!!

with a story and screenplay that seems to have been written by a high schooler, 'the art of seduction' fails to deliver the romantic, sophisticated experience it tries to bill itself as. the two main characters have the potential to be interesting - both male and female lead are "swinging singles (or in the female lead's case, engaged)", but 'the art of seduction' doesn't even try. shirking from a frank examination of these two characters' personalities, 'the art of seduction' eschews anything of substance for a basis of thin, lean stereotype. 'the art of seduction' is insulting - insulting to its characters, insulting to men and women, and insulting to its audiences' expectations. it takes the awful beautiful people we all know and plays out their painful interactions while expecting us to idolize them. ji-wan is an immature, spoiled, manipulative bitch. the viewer is expected to like and forgive her flaws because she's pretty. min-jun, well, he's exactly the same. neither are nice people. the "humour" in this film primarily revolve around ji-wan and min-jun's outlandish attempts at outdoing each other in the honourable art of lying and manipulation. no character development occurs, and we never learn why ji-wan and min-jun are like this. we are simply expected to take them as they are, and not ask questions - they're cute!, and that's all that matters. the copious references to the celebrity of the main actors in azn cinema scenester's reviews may tip you off to 'art of seduction's shallowness. if you're still in high school, you liked grease, or you are a yellow fever victim, you may like this movie.despite its "romance" tag, this is not a very good date movie.

a friend of mine lent this video to me and i was fairly excited to watch it, but after ten minutes of james hetfield's slow pitched vocals and lars banging on his drum set in what appeared to be slow motion i began to think, `why am i watching this?' that question will be coursing through your minds in 5  10 minutes after you hit play. i gave the tape back the same day, as you would suspect, not worth buying or watching!just my opinion!

bill (buddy rogers) is sent to new york by his uncle (richard tucker) to experience life before he inherits $25million. his uncle has paid 3 women jacqui (kathryn crawford), maxine (josephine dunn) and pauline (carole lombard) to chaperone him and ensure that he does not fall foul of gold-diggers. one such lady cleo (geneva mitchell) turns up on the scene to the disapprovement of the women. we follow the tale as the girls are offered more money to appear in a show instead of their escorting role that they have agreed to carry out for the 3 months that bill is in new york, while bill meets with cleo and another woman. at the end, love is in the air for bill and one other .............the picture quality and sound quality are poor in this film. the story is interspersed with musical numbers but the songs are bad and kathryn crawford has a terrible voice. rogers isn't that good either. he's pleasant enough but only really comes to life when playing the drums or trombone. there is a very irritating character who plays a cab driver (roscoe karns) and the film is just dull.

i had read many good things about this adaptation of my favorite novel...so invariably my expectations were crushed. but they were crushed more than should be expected. the movie would have been a decent movie if i had not read the novel beforehand, which perhaps ruined it for me.in any event, for some reason they changed the labor camp at toulon to a ship full of galley slaves. the scene at bishop myriel's was fine. in fact, other than the galleys, things survived up until the dismissal of fantine. because we do not want to have bad things happen to a good woman, she does not cut her hair, sell her teeth, or become a prostitute. the worst she does is run into the mayor's office and spit on his face. bamatabois is entirely eliminated. because having children out of wedlock should also not be talked about, tholomyes is fantine's dead husband, rather than an irresponsible dandy. valjean is able to fetch cosette for fantine before the champmathieu affair, so they reunite happily, yet another change. then comes the convent, which is a pretty difficult scene to screw up. thankfully, it was saved. after this three minutes of accuracy, however, the movie again begins to hurtle towards classic novel butchering.as cosette and valjean are riding through the park, they come across marius giving a speech at a meeting. about prison reform. when he comes to hand out fliers to valjean and cosette, he says the one line in the movie that set me screaming at the tv set. "we aren't revolutionaries." i could hear victor hugo thrashing in his grave. of course they are revolutionaries! they want to revolt against the pseudo-monarchy that is in place in favor of another republic, you dumb screenwriters! it's a historical fact that there was an insurrection against the government in 1832. at one point cosette goes to give marius a donation from her father for the reform movement and meets eponine. except...not eponine. or at least not the eponine of the book. this eponine appears to be a well-to-do secretary girl working for the prison reformers (who are working out of the cafe universal as opposed to the cafe musain). not to mention the audience is already made to dislike her thanks to her not-period, low-cut, tight-fitting dress and her snooty mannerisms.the prison reformers (lead by the most poorly cast enjolras that i have ever seen) decide that handing out pamphlets isn't good enough anymore. so they're going to build barricades. i don't know about you, but i have never heard of reform movements tearing up the streets and building barricades and attacking government troops. about three hundred people (it was not supposed to be so many) start attacking the national guard and building a bunch of barricades, etc. eponine does die for marius, thankfully. the rest of the movie is sort of accurate, except that javert's suicide again seems hard to understand thanks to his minuscule screen time and odd character interpretation. the movie ends with valjean watching javert jump into the river. this is again inaccurate because valjean would never have let javert drown. he saved the man's life earlier, why let him die now? then there's the whole skipping of valjean's confession to marius, his deterioration, and his redemption on his deathbed with marius and cosette by his side.overall, i can blame the script mostly for the problems. while i am glad enjolras and eponine were at least present in the film, they were terribly misinterpreted, as was the entire barricade scene. the elimination of fantine's suffering prevents us from feeling too much pity for her. that cosette knows valjean's past from the start messes with the plot a good deal. i did not even see thenardier, and mme. thenardier only had a few seconds of screen time. the same with gavroche. i did like frederich march's interpretation of valjean a lot, however, which was one of the redeeming features of the movie. on the other hand, charles laughton, for all his great acting in other movies, seems to have missed the mark with javert. the lip tremble, the unnecessary shouting, and his acting in general all just felt very wrong. he also, like many javerts i have seen, did not appear at all menacing, something required of the character.again, this film would probably feel much better if i had not read the book. i would not recommend it to book purists, though. i would also say that the movie would have been a good adaptation for the time had not the infamously accurate french version come out the year before.

here's an indie film i really wanted to like, but ultimately could not. the lack of script (boldly proclaimed in the main titles) really shows through and kills the picture. the story is a nonsensical mess that isn't worth trying to figure out. i quickly became bored within 10 minutes, then suffered through the remainder of the first 40 minutes--hoping for the best--before hitting the chapter stops to (mercifully) get to the end... even that wasn't worth the extra effort. ozark savage clearly tries too hard to be clever, lifting its best sequences from evil dead 2 and the matrix. as a result, there's very little in ozark savage that hasn't been done before, and better. this film would have been much more fun as a 10-20 minute short, but as a feature, it just feels padded and forced. of course, there's no money in shorts, so i completely understand the financial reasons that i assume motivated it being stretched out to 75+ minutes. director matt steinauer shows great promise, and i wish him luck.

many people thought that this is a good movie but i don't agree with them. at the beginning of the movie, a spaceship crushed on earth and some of the aliens escaped from the spaceship, then hey killed some people on the earth, but for no reason. also, it is in a dark forest, i can't see anything on the screen, i can only hardly hear the sound.after a few days, the predator came to the earth but no one had sent signals to him before that, he should not know what happened on the earth, so there is a contradiction. finally, the predator found the headmaster of the aliens and killed it for no reason. he was not live on earth, t is none of his business about the things happened here. lastly, the duration of the movie is only 90 minutes long, the summary is too short and it can't tell the reviewers about the story clearly.in conclusion, i don't think this is a good movie.

i just finished a marathon of this series, and it became agonising to watch as it progressed. from the fictionalising of the historical elements, to o'herlihy's awful accent in later episodes, the show just slumps the further it goes. if you are looking for some low quality production generalised ww2 fluff, then i could recommend season 1, but avoid anything after that, it degenerates into being one step from a soap opera, with increasingly worse story lines and sensibility.the old b&w film is by far the best of any form of entertainment with the colditz name attached to it, and even that is not what one could hope for.

saw this 'film' recently and have to say it was the worst attempt at film making i have ever had the misfortune to see. what the hell was going on with coolio? totally unprovoked shooting at people in distress. totally uninvolving, slow, tedious and detached. worse than spawn. long live "evil dead ii".

what the hell of a d-movie was that? bad acting, bad special effects and the worst dialogues/storyline i ever came across. the only cool thing here was coolio, who had a nice cameo as a freaked out cop. however, the rest of the film is awful and boring. it's not even so bad, you can laugh about it. just plain crap. and whoever compares this to the evil dead series might as well compare tomb raider to indiana jones (well, ok, at least there was angelina jolie in tomb raider)! 1 out of 10

this movie is bad! it's basically an overdone copy of michael jackson's thriller video, only worse! the special effects consist of lots of glow in the dark paint, freaky slapstick fastmoving camera shots and lots of growling. i think the dog was the best actor in the whole movie.

this film is so much of a rip-off of the masterpeice "demons" and thats the only thing that makes the movie worth watching. the acting is terrible,the action scenes are speeded up,the script is almost painful and budget non existent.if you think this film is good then you havn't seen a real horror film, skip this and get a copy of the movie demons.

lame, lame, lame!!! a 90-minute cringe-fest that's 89 minutes too long. a setting ripe with atmosphere and possibility (an abandoned convent) is squandered by a stinker of a script filled with clunky, witless dialogue that's straining oh-so-hard to be hip. mostly it's just embarrassing, and the attempts at gonzo horror fall flat (a sample of this movie's dialogue: after demonstrating her artillery, fast dolly shot to a closeup of barbeau's vigilante charactershe: `any questions?' hyuck hyuck hyuck). bad acting, idiotic, homophobic jokes and judging from the creature effects, it looks like the director's watched `the evil dead' way too many times. i owe my friends big time for renting this turkey and subjecting them to ninety wasted minutes they'll never get back. what a turd.

this is arguably the worst film i have ever seen, and i have quite an appetite for awful (and good) movies. it could (just) have managed a kind of adolescent humour if it had been consistently tongue-in-cheek --à la rocky horror picture show, which was really very funny. other movies, like plan nine from outer space, manage to be funny while (apparently) trying to be serious. as to the acting, it looks like they rounded up brain-dead teenagers and asked them to ad-lib the whole production. compared to them, tom cruise looks like alec guinness. there was one decent interpretation -- that of the older ghoul-busting broad on the motorcycle.

my friend's mom used to work at a video store and got to preview movies before they came out, so when she brought home the convent, a horror movie, i couldn't wait to watch it. given that it's supposed to be scary but is actually downright hilarious, i can say that in some weird way, i like this movie. yes, the acting is bad, and yes, it's the cheapest movie i've ever seen, but it's so damn funny! "what, are you smoking ca-rack?!" i didn't know this movie even was ever released... i figured it was too bad... yeah, so... overall the movie is pretty bad (you gotta admit that much at least) but i promise you, you will get a good laugh out of it.*this movie kinda sucks but it's good for a laugh... especially that guy that holds the 'dagger of despair'.. the dagger of despaaaaaair!

this movie is one of the worst horror movies i have ever seen. from the very first scene, i knew it would be a smash crash. it starts with a seemingly bad girl killing a bunch of nuns in a mission. as it turns out, the people in it were possessed by some random zombies. well, some years later, some college kids are pulling some pledge prank. horrible acting goes from pledge to the head jock. things like the jock yelling at him to do stuff in quite a non-chalonte manner, with pledge over reacting and over-doing the whole "eager to be popular role" what really took the cake with this one is the final battle. absolutely horrible special effects with the guns. for example, guns making a noise with no muzzle flash, and vice-versa. this is accompanied by stop-animation zombies (why they move in stop motion is a mystery), cheesy music, and about 40 guns that come out of nowhere.overall, this movie is crap. just like so many others you can rent for 50 cents at your nearest low brow movie rental place.

this film wasn't programmed in italian cinemas,i have seen it at a manifestation called "fantafestival".i find it terrible because some scenes seems like music videos chaotic and dark, the use of fluorescent colors is ridicule and there's no suspence in the film. music is completely out of the story and i don't have words to describe the visual effects.if you look at the first scene the film seems to be interesting, but a few minutes later it becomes busy.the story is interesting but the development needs a complete review.

in fact, these young people were so distasteful that i couldn't wait for all of 'em to get slaughtered, and that includes clarissa (joanna canton) since i considered her the most annoying of the bunch.but i knew it was gonna be a mess from the opening minutes when a teen christine opened fired on the priest and the nuns with the leslie gore music playing in the background. it had nowhere to go but down.even the prosthetics looked fake and the "blood" looked suspiciously like hawaiian punch, although later on it took on red day-glo look to match the silly halloween makeup they were all wearing. i'm sure all the goth morons out there will appreciate this bullsh-t since it'll appeal to that bunch. it sure didn't appeal to me. blah...and not even my favorite horror babe adrienne barbeau can save this stupid teen horror flick from itself. she still looks hot, though. i'm glad she takes care of herself since we don't get to see too much of her nowadays.however, it is a step up from dante tomaselli's meandering horror (2002) in that it has a somewhat coherent plot, so i'll give it that much. that and the little boston terrier named boozer also brings it up a notch. i like what boozer does to clarissa in the end. it was the only good scene in an otherwise silly film.lion's gate films sure must have been desperate when they picked this one up.2 out of 10

when i tell people that i review movies as a hobby, the first thing they say is "what do you think of such-and-such movie?" there are a couple of problems here. firstly, there is the probable chance that i've not seen it and thus, i ruin my reputation. secondly, i could trash the movie in question without realising that it's actually their favourite. lastly, i could be given dvds to watch so they can judge my opinion. thus, i find myself sat before "the convent" which is the sort of film i would ignore completely given the choice but unable to avoid here. more's the pity because this frankly dreadful "horror" is about as scary as a box of kittens.following well-worn clichés, "the convent" focuses on a bunch of american high school students on a trip to an abandoned convent on a mission to get stoned, laid and mildly spooked. but you'll never guess what happens next? a group of cannibalistic demonic nuns emerge from the cobwebs who proceed to pick the kids off one by one in classic horror movie tradition. will any of them survive and more importantly, haven't you got better things to worry about? the only thing that saves "the convent" from being a total waste of time is the fact that nobody is really taking this tosh seriously with the exception of coolio's bizarre cameo as a hyperactive cop with an itchy trigger finger. it's far too amusing to be properly frightening - the zombie cheerleader who makes chipmunk noises for no reason, the day-glo paint jobs that appears when you become a zombie - but what really kills it as a horror is the fact that you can instantly tell when someone is going to jump out and get messily murdered. but even if they were trying, i still doubt that it would work - demonic nuns wearing the sort of make-up you'd see in the "buffy the vampire slayer" tv show aren't really that scary. the scariest thing about this movie really is that over 10% of voters gave this a maximum score. i mean, i know it's funny but i hardly split my sides. to be honest, i've had more fun in a dentist."the convent" isn't really a horror movie as such. it's more of a comedy horror like "scary movie" or "shaun of the dead" but you're laughing at it instead of with it. i honestly can't recommend this to anybody except the family of the cast and crew but even then, i doubt very much they'd enjoy it. i don't enjoy the "so bad that it's good" genre - i personally feel that if the film-makers can't be bothered to salvage a turkey then i shouldn't bust a gut trying to watch it. yes, it's a bad film and yes, they really should have gone home and done something more constructive. a rubik's cube, for example. the dvd box has two price stickers - one for £4.99 and a reduced price of £3. but it was sold for £1 and that should tell you everything you need to know about this poxy, cheap, awesomely bad flick. sorry if you do like it but "the convent" really is a pile of unholy crap.

i just watched the convent for the second time. i had enjoyed it previously and figured it would make for a good drunken friday night film, some gore, some style, bit of humour and suchlike. i was saddened to find that i could no longer appreciate it much. it seemed like someone had set out to revisit cheeseball epics like night of the demons for a modern audience but lost the things that made the original worthwhile. for the record i'm not even a huge fan of night of the demons, but there were some things i really dug about it. the convent does the cheese but the not the goodness so much. apart from the main girl (likeable performance from joanna canton), the goth girl and a sweet cameo from adrienne barbeau pretty much all the characters were excruciatingly unlikeable, festering at the absolute lowest levels of moronic, offensive jockhood. the film is then gravely hampered by the complete lack of gratuitous nudity which means that, given the awful dialogue, it is difficult to watch the characters and harder to appreciate the good points of the film. the evil nuns are original in design and get lots of good scenes, though not scary their certainly kinda cool, and the film also fields a fair amount of neat gore. towards the end, when adrienne barbeau is on the scene the film becomes quite entertaining cause all the obnoxious people are dead and its an evil nun bashing frenzy. the stylised direction also occasionally yields good results, although sometimes the camera just moves too fast. all in all, this was a film where for me the shining good points just can't make up for the things i hated. those more fond of this kind of film may well enjoy it a lot more, but for me it wasn't a good time.

......this film is pretty awful, the only thing stopping me from giving it a rating of 1 was the fact that i unfortunately have seen worse.the jungle music, juttering demons, and fluorescent uv style blood/teeth/eyes give it that "awful" look, and the script is dire.....this film is more like a test to see how long you can last before giving up on it. it's also predictable but not in a good way. nothing this film does is in a good way. i watched it 10 minutes ago and thought i would rant a bit so there you are. (oh and the acting doesn't let the film down, it's also terrible)

i think i will make a movie next weekend. oh wait, i'm working..oh i'm sure i can fit it in. it looks like whoever made this film fit it in. i hope the makers of this crap have day jobs because this film sucked!!! it looks like someones home movie and i don't think more than $100 was spent making it!!! total crap!!! who let's this stuff be released?!?!?!

i greatly enjoyed margaret atwood's novel 'the robber bride', and i was thrilled to see there was a movie version. a woman frames a cop boyfriend for her own murder, and his buddy, an ex-cop journalist, tries to clear his name by checking up on the dead woman's crazy female friends. it's fortunate that the movie script fixes ms. atwood's clumsy plotting by focusing on the story of these two men, victims of scheming women...heh. okay, you got me. if these guys are mentioned in the book, and i'm pretty sure they're entirely made up for the movie, i'll eat the dust cover of my hardback copy. apparently, the three main female characters of the novel aren't enough to carry the movie. zenia's manipulations aren't interesting unless we see them happen to a man, and a man's life is screwed up. roz, charis, and toni tell their stories -- to a man. because it's not important if a man doesn't hear them.i liked the characters in the book. it hurts to see them pushed off to the side for a man's story. i normally do not look for feminist angles on media, and i tried to enjoy the movie as is. if i hadn't read the book, i might have enjoyed the movie a lot more. so if you like the cop and the ex-cop, and you want to read more about them, you're out of luck. read the novel, if you want to enjoy luscious prose and characterization subtly layered through a plot. it's the same plot: the movie excavated it, ironed it, and sprinkled it with male angst. it's like zenia's revenge on margaret atwood.

if i had never read the book, i would have said it was a good movie. but i did read the book. who ever did the screen write ruined the storyline. there is so many changes, that it wasn't really worthy of the title. character changes, plot changes, time line changes...first off who was henry and the investigator? they weren't in the story. henry had mitch's persona somewhat, but mitch wasn't a cop. no you made it so roz, helped 'sink ' his body and used that as zenia's blackmail against roz. the real so called blackmail was roz thought zenia was sleeping with her son and wanted her to get away from him. her son was also being blackmailed because he was hiding being gay from his mother. her son wasn't even really mentioned in the story. neither i don't believe was his lover, roz's secretary.tony and west were not together in the beginning. he was actually with zenia first while in college. the black painted apartment was their idea, tony just went to visit. this is where zenia and tony meet, become fast friends. tony hides her love for west. then zenia left west, with cash from tony, then west and tony get together. eventually marry, at some point west leaves tony for zenia again for a short time. only to be heart broken again. then go back to tony. zenia's blackmail for tony was that tony had written a test paper for zenia. now being a professor at college she didn't want to let it get out. i will say the character who played tony did it wonderfully.charis character was a blond, not that it really matters. zenia didn't trick her about having cancer while augusta was alive. no she was there when charis had a lover named billy. augusta's father, he was a draft dodger in the vietnam war. eventually after charis takes care of zenia for months for what was actually drug withdrawal. zenia and billy have an affair right under charis's nose while taking care of them both. then zenia turns in billy to the government, and leaves on the ferry with him. not with augusta, charis was pregnant with her tho. charis also had a split personality, karen was her real name.zenia did not die from being cut up into piece's.... she fell or was possibly pushed (we never really knew) off the balcony and landed in a fountain. she had almost pure grade heroin in her blood and it was likely she took some not knowing and fell off as she od'd. she was also really dieing of cancer this time around.it didn't show any of the childhood memories or anything that endeared the characters to the reader. the book was striped down to its bare bones. then re made in someone else's vision. why couldn't you just write your own story along the lines of what you made the movie. it was different enough, and i'm sure could have been made more so.

*warning - no plot spoilers ahead, but movie spoilers nonetheless...* my significant other rented this for me thinking it would be a terrific romance with an all-star cast. wow - very, very wrong. this movie is an overdone, overwrought, and overly sentimental excuse to theatrically release a student film 15 years after it was shot! the copyright date on the box said 2005, yet during the very first flashback sequence i was looking at the clothes and hairdos that were supposed to be the early 1960s, and noticed that the girls especially were wearing late 80s/early 90s dresses and hairdos. it looked as if it had been shot a good 15 or 20 years before the rest of the film! i tried to convenience myself that it was a flashback, and therefore supposed to look old, but it looked wwwwwwwaaaaaaaaaaaayyyyyyyyyyy more 80s than 60s or even 21st century trying to be 60s... then an adult coworker of the lead character turns up, and he looks just like the boy featured in the flashback sequences (yet it's a different, much older character whose youth is featured in the flashbacks). i was completely confused until i saw in the special features the short film included - it was all the flashback sequences, shot in 1990 as a complete student film of the same title as this movie! it also features commentary that includes the little boy all grown up (and indeed acting the co-worker in the 2005 scenes). thus, this movie is just a shell of story woven around an old, re-cut student film put together as an obvious excuse to get it up to theatrical running time. the shell story, shot in 2005, is mostly about a man who has lost his wife and finds healing and redemption at the dance class that he promises a dying man he will attend in his stead (something about a promise made by the dying man in the early 60's to his girl that they would meet on the "fifth day of the fifth month of the fifth year of the new millennium - an excuse to shoot the segments around the old film in 2005?) these new scenes and plot might have been ok except the awful, overly sentimental score that repeats ad nauseum over almost every single new scene and the clichéd action that permeates the new movie. don't bother. there's a reason why you've never heard of this movie even though it has a well-known cast - it's terrible.

i ended up watching this whole (very long) movie because i was fascinated by the sheer stupidity and naivity of it. it seems difficult to believe that so many famous people (anthony quinn, lawrence olivier, john gielguld, vittorio de sica, etc.) would have willingly participated in this farce. but maybe in 1968 people really *were* so naive? the plot seems written by some confused latin american marxist priest with an agenda. there is a superpower conflict and the russians are actually the good guys, with the communist party general secretary being a nice and spiritual man, who, suddenly, after 20 years, sees the light and feels compelled to ease his bad conscience by releasing a prisoner priest from a siberian gulag. the priest then promptly becomes the pope by a series of coincidences. we are allowed to see the secret vatican papal voting process which is portrayed in the most hillariously pious form you can possibly imagine.meanwhile, the communists in china achieved the usual socialist economic miracle of starving half of their country to death. to solve this minor hiccup on the relentless shining path towards communism they want to start a nuclear war (in order to justly distribute the western capitalist riches to the poor workers of china).our good old comrade general secretary gets a bit worried and calls the pope just before his coronation to ask him to broker peace. they meet with the chinese leader comrade peng who looks and acts like a 15 year old boy. you will roll on the floor laughing about what people in 1968 thought the chinese looked like. comrade peng demands that the western capitalists must pay (which is quite logical after all, don't capitalists always have to pay for the madness of the socialists?), and that the pope needs to sacrifice something, too, for the common altruistic cause of equality and social justice.so when the pope gets crowned in rome, he pledges the entire wealth of the catholic church world-wide to feed our poor chinese brethren in christ. and thus he saves the world from nuclear holocaust.apart from this, there are also some minor sub-plots, which, alas, provide little to redeem this incredibly bad movie. i'd give it three oscars for stupidity.by the way, anthony quinn looks quite unlikely as a pope. he is much more plausible as zorba the greek.

my brother is an avid dvd collector. he took one look at the cover (two models on toilets) and had to add it to his collection. i stayed up with him to watch what turned out to be likely the most cringeable movie (i use that term loosely) i've felt obligated to sit through. i dared not make eye contact with my brother, quite certain he must have been cursing the receipt in his clenched fist. the biggest name in the whole movie is michael clark duncan who appears in one scene, which the "filmmaker" decided to show every take of (about four total) throughout the movie. in fact, the whole movie pretty much follows this suit. the fact that the dvd contained deleted footage was a shock. (i went to bed without viewing it, however). to no surprise at all, i found this disc without its case behind the tv about a week later.

the underground comedy movie, is possibly the worst train wrecks i've ever seen. luckily i didn't pay for this movie, and my friend reluctantly agreed to watch it again siting that it was so awful but he needed to prove to me how awful it was. i love off color comedy. i figured at the least it would have that and i would be entertained. no, instead the acting was so awful, the "jokes" were extremely cheesy, and the plot was no where to be found. maybe there wasn't supposed to be a plot so i can't hold that against this movie. it's pretty sad where the funniest thing in a comedy is an old woman having her head hit off by a bat.....by batman...a man dressed in a baseball uniform wielding a bat. hilarious. simply genius. i got the feeling watching this movie that its creators made it and laughed hysterically with their friends about it. perhaps this was full of inside jokes we just didn't understand. or perhaps it's the worst piece of trash ever made and it should be locked away in a vault and dumped in the arctic ocean.p.s. don't buy this movie!

sure, we all like bad movies at one time or another, and we in fact enjoy them, this however, wasn't even a guilty pleasure, it was just crap. some guy, vince offer, who is conceited enough to make himself the main character while probably got drunk/high--probably both--and thought it was a great idea to make a movie. he then proceeded to show his script to equally high/drunk individuals. overall, this movie was so bad, predictable, and unoriginal i couldn't get through 20 minutes of it before i turned it off. it makes you got served look like citizen kane. bat man? wtf...some guy that walks around with a bat, real original. almost as good as calling him fat man, and having a fat guy walk around in a superhero outfit.

sometimes you wonder how some people get funding to create a movie as bad as this one. you can only stand about 5 minutes of this utter piece of garbage before you stomp back into blockbuster and demand your money back. i will now look at michael clarke duncan with apprehension...why....he lent his name to this vermin.

anyone who has watched comedy central around midnight in the past few years has probably seen ads for this movie. i first saw ads for this movie back in 2001. it looked like it could be funny, but i wasn't about to call up the number on the television screen and order it without seeing the movie first. i figured i would wait until the movie was available to rent at blockbuster.about a year and a half later, i was at tower records and in the "dvds for less than $20" pile, there was a copy of this movie. seeing that the dvd was only $6.99 i decided to buy it. i got home, put the disc in the dvd player, and waited for the laughs to start...and i waited some more. the laughs never came.i'd have to agree with almost every other comment on this page when i say that this movie was horrible. sick, desperately tasteless, and poorly written and directed, the underground comedy movie is an atrocious piece of garbage and is in my opinion the worst movie of all time. no stars.

the underground comedy movie is perhaps one of the worst comedies i've ever seen. i should have known it was going to be bad when the box had the phrase "guaranteed to offend" written on it... meaning that the filmmakers were going to focus more on grossing you out than making you laugh.this movie is an amateurish jumble of childish skits, bad characters, and worse jokes... from the pathetic bat-man sketch to the painfully unfunny arnold shvollenpecker skit, they just aren't funny. the few skits that are a little funny are few and far between - watching micheal clark duncan play a gay virgin, for example - but even they go on too long and get ruined from vince offer's ineptness at comedy.keep the underground comedy movie underground... bury it!

first of all.....what the hell? why in the world are they trying to sell a low budget piece of crap on late night tv with the promise of disturbing, offensive sick garbage that any normal real human being with a soul couldn't watch. what the crap is funny about a dog being injured, a grandma getting her head knocked off...a guy getting his hand blown to pieces and two girls going to the bathroom? what in the hell has this world come to that people find comedy in some thing so completely sick. anyone who thinks this kind of material is funny, should not even be allowed to walk the earth. but from what i hear its not even offensive...so...they promise comedy through demented piles of sick garbage...and they cant even pull that off.

this movie goes beyond just being bad, it is definitively the worst movie i have ever seen in my entire life. unless you yourself have a problem with necrophilia than you will not enjoy will not enjoy the scenes depicting it in this film, (if you can call it that).

imagine the worst skits from saturday night live and mad tv in one 90 minute movie. now, imagine that all the humor in those bad skits is removed and replaced with stupidity. now imagine something 50 times worse.got that?ok, now go see the underground comedy movie. that vision you just had will seem like the funniest thing ever. ucm is the single worst movie i've ever seen. there were a few cheap laughs...very few. but it was lame. even if the intent of the movie was to be lame, it was too lame to be funny.the only reason i'm not angry for wasting my time watching this was someone else i know bought it. he wasted his money. vince offer hasn't written or directed anything else and it's not surprise why.

i have this film out of the library right now and i haven't finished watching it. it is so bad i am in disbelief. audrey hepburn had totally lost her talent by then, although she'd pretty much finished with it in 'robin and marian.' this is the worst thing about this appallingly stupid film. it's really only of interest because it was her last feature film and because of the dorothy stratten appearance just prior to her homicide.there is nothing but idiocy between gazzara and his cronies. little signals and little bows and nods to real screwball comedy of which this is the faintest, palest shadow.who could believe that there are even some of the same manhattan environs that hepburn inhabited so magically and even mythically in 'breakfast at tiffany's' twenty years earlier? the soundtrack of old sinatra songs and the gershwin song from which the title is taken is too loud and obvious--you sure don't have to wait for the credits to find out that something was subtly woven into the cine-musique of the picture to know when the songs blasted out at you.'reverting to type' means going back up as well as going back down, i guess. in this case, audrey hepburn's chic european lady is all you see of someone who was formerly occasionally an actress and always a star. here she has even lost her talent as a star. if someone whose talent was continuing to grow in the period, like ann-margret, had played the role, there would have been some life in it, even given the unbelievably bad material and mongoloid-level situations.hepburn was a great person, of course, greater than most movie stars ever dreamed of being, and she was once one of the most charming and beautiful of film actors. after this dreadful performance, she went on to make an atrocious tv movie with robert wagner called 'love among thieves.' in 'they all laughed' it is as though she were still playing an ingenue in her 50's. even much vainer and obviously less intelligent actresses who insisted upon doing this like lana turner were infinitely more effective than is hepburn. turner took acting seriously even when she was bad. hepburn doesn't take it seriously at all, couldn't be bothered with it; even her hair and clothes look tacky. her last really good work was in 'two for the road,' perhaps her most perfect, if possibly not her best in many ways.and that girl who plays the country singer is just sickening. john ritter is horrible, there is simply nothing to recommend this film except to see dorothy stratten, who was truly pretty. otherwise, critic david thomson's oft-used phrase 'losing his/her talent' never has made more sense.ben gazarra had lost all sex appeal by then, and so we have 2 films with gazarra and hepburn--who could ask for anything less? sandra dee's last, pitiful film 'lost,' from 2 years later, a low-budget nothing, had more to it than this. at least ms. dee spoke in her own voice; by 1981, audrey hepburn's accent just sounded silly; she'd go on to do the pbs 'gardens of the world with audrey hepburn' and there her somewhat irritating accent works as she walks through english gardens with aristocrats or waxes effusively about 'what i like most is when flowers go back to nature!' as in naturalized daffodils, but in an actual fictional movie, she just sounds ridiculous.to think that 'breakfast at tiffany's' was such a profound sort of light poetic thing with audrey hepburn one of the most beautiful women in the world--she was surely one of the most beautiful screen presences in 'my fair lady', matching garbo in several things and delphine seyrig in 'last year at marienbad.' and then this! and her final brief role as the angel 'hap' in the spielberg film 'always' was just more of the lady stuff--corny, witless and stifling.i went to her memorial service at the fifth avenue presbyterian church, a beautiful service which included a boys' choir singing the shaker hymn 'simple gifts.' the only thing not listed in the program was the sudden playing of hepburn's singing 'moon river' on the fire escape in 'breakfast at tiffany's,' and this brought much emotion and some real tears out in the congregation.a great lady who was once a fine actress (as in 'the nun's story') and one of the greatest and most beautiful of film stars in many movies of the 50's and 60's who became a truly bad one--that's not all that common. and perhaps it is only a great human being who, in making such things as film performances trivial, nevertheless has the largeness of mind to want to have the flaws pointed out mercilessly--which all of her late film work contained in abundance. most of the talk about hepburn's miscasting is about 'my fair lady.' but the one that should have had the original actress in it was 'wait until dark,' which had starred lee remick on broadway. never as celebrated as hepburn, she was a better actress in many ways (hepburn was completely incapable of playing anything really sordid), although hepburn was at least adequate enough in that part. after that, all of her acting went downhill.

words cannot describe how utterly abysmal this movie is. it is a series of random, unfunny clips about everything from a stupid batman spoof to a guy getting it on with an old dead lady (really disturbing). the only remotely amusing thing about the underground comedy movie is watching joey buttafuoco, the best actor in this movie. also, it is rated nc-17, shunning away the only people that might tolerate it.

i have never seen a comedy that was this much of a chore to sit thru...not one laugh in it. ok, maybe one little chuckle for the michael clarke duncan bit as the big, black, bald gay virgin. but the rest of it was shockingly un-funny. on top of being void of any laughs the "skits" go on forever! steer clear of this one if you value your time and money. dreadful!!! the worst!!!

hawked as the most offensive movie ever, guaranteed to offend everyone- guess what? it worked, i'm offended that we shelled out money to rent this. two friends and i were bored and decided to see if all that bull about the movie that we saw on tv was true. curse comedy central and all the other networks that pushed this garbage on us! it was by far the worst movie i've seen since hollow man. i generally avoid the crappy ones, but got sucked into this one. we have since beaten the prick who suggest we rent it, and his movie picking privileges have been revoked. there is nothing remotely funny about this movie...even the "adventures of dickman" scene was sophomoric at best.. color me p***ed. thought maybe the production value was crap for some important reason...no..it just sucked. never watch this! for any reason whatsoever. not even with copious amounts of illegal substance would this movie be funny. that's saying alot. please for the love of all that is holy, if you cherish your sanity- never view this movie. it's many things- stupid, pointless, and worthless to name a few. but the main thing it was aiming for: offensively funny- it failed miserably. crash and burn....

how do i begin? this movie is probably one of the worst movies i have ever seen .it has no redeemable qualities .i just sat through this movie and it was a struggle.it failed to get even a single smile on my face.i find it hard to believe that anyone would distribute this horrible film. i felt that this movie was a failed attempt at distasteful humor. the only thing that was worth anything about this movie was the soundtrack, i'm pretty sure thats the reason i wanted to see this movie in the first place.i will wrap this up as i am going to try and forget the time i just wasted with this piece of crap. i will leave you with this warning. do not watch this film ,it sucks.

it really impresses me that it got made. the director/writer/actor must be really charismatic in reality. i can think of no other way itd pass script stage. what i want you to consider is this...while watching the films i was feeling sorry for the actors. it felt like being in a stand up comedy club where the guy is dying on his feet and your sitting there, not enjoying it, just feeling really bad for him coz hes of trying. id really like to know what the budget is, guess it must have been low as the film quality is really poor. i want to write 'the jokes didn't appeal to me'. but the reality is for them to appeal to you, you'd have to be the man who wrote them. or a retard. so imagine that in script form...and this guy got that green lit. thats impressive isn't it?

this movie shows a row of sketches, which partly pass over into one another. i realized the passing over late in the movie, at first it only irritated me. many of the episodes in this movie come along without any recognizable punchlines and simply try to wangle around that fact, using absurdity and obscenity. the attempt of it to stay comedy without any funny bits fails.my personnel and maybe subjective result after watching this movie (my god, it hurts in my head every time i call it "movie"): a bold attempt to turn nothing into something great. but it failed. at least the director made something out of nothing. but it isn't something good.many movies didn't turn out as funny as they were planned, but this one tops them all. it's the real life manifestation of the worst case scenario of film making. no. to correct myself, it's even worse than that. a movie with gags so bad, that they aren't funny at all. it's not even fun to watch the lead-actor, writer and director (all three the same guy by the way) perish by drowning in the sea of bad movies. the movie is too bad for that.

this film stars, among others, "slapchop" vince offer (who also wrote, edited and directed) and joey buttafuoco--not exactly names that scream out "quality". and with such uplifting skits as "supermodels taking a dump" (it's exactly what it sounds like), a guy who robs a sperm bank (the "rhymer"), necrophilia with a rotting corpse, black market fetuses (featuring a guy scooping what are supposed to be them out of a jar), lots and lots of gay jokes, a skit about a giant phallus who is a superhero and forced abortions. the skits are painfully unfunny (such as "batman and rhymer"), the acting not good enough to be considered amateurish and the film is crude just for the sake of being crude...and stupid. i truly believe a group of 8 year-olds could have easily made a funnier film with the same budget.apparently this film resulted in a lawsuit by "slap shot" vince against the scientologists. frankly, i wouldn't know who to root for in this case!!! apparently, he alleged that somehow scientologists destroyed his reputation and sank this film. no matter that the film is repellent junk from start to finish and 99% unfunny (by comparison, ebola is funnier)...and these are the nicest things i can say about the movie.by the way, that is bobby lee (from "mad tv") wearing a diaper and participating in the dumb fake porno film. it's amazing his career could overcome this.

lately they have been trying to hock this film late-night on cable tv commercials. don't believe the hype. i was one of the unlucky people to see this stinker in theatres. this is, in my opinion, the 3rd worst movie of all time, just behind mac & me (#1 worst), and jack frost (#2 worst), but i must admit, they are all close and all terrible! really, nothing of this movie is funny, or disturbing, or anything else it claims to be so don't waste your money. the only thing it is good for is giving to your worst enemy. i'm not lying about that. someone who you would love to kill or torture would be a prime candidate for this film. it is that awful. if you don't believe me then you deserve to suffer through the misery of watching this, which i doubt you can finish. two thumbs enthusiastically down.

i bought this at tower records after seeing the info-mercial about fifteen hundred times on comedy central. i was actually really looking forward to watching this. my god where did i go wrong? now before i give my review let me just say that i am a person who can pretty much find the good in all movies, hell i own over 1,500 dvd's! with that said, the underground comedy movie ranks up there with the worst film i have ever seen. i tried to give it a chance, but not only was it not funny. it had no point, did not offend what-so-ever and was all around stupid. god who in their right mind thought these pieces of crap were funny? this is going right to the bottom of the bin...

i rated this movie as awful (1). after watching the trailer, i thought this movie could be pretty cool. "guaranteed to offend...everyone!" the trailer said. well...it did offend me, because this movie really sucks. it is hardly a comedy, as i laughed about two seconds during the entire movie. and what's with all the gays in this movie? i'm not gay and i don't have a problem with those who are, but what's the point of adding so many gay-scenes in a so called comedy movie, when these scenes are absolutely not funny? i guess the director is a gay man in denial, or something like that.so my advice to you is: if you want to waste good money, go rent a good comedy you've already seen a million times, you'll be better off than watching this mother of all lousy comedy's. it really is total crap.

this movie doesn't even deserve a one. this was an utter waste of time. it was a waste of film and money. it was not offensive but everything was provocative and disgusting. my spoiler is one that i think should be read by everyone. there is full frontal nudity and disgusting language. but not only that, there is no plot line, the actors are terrible, the accents are horrible, the actors are small time and i was even excited to watch this movie! the only reason i rented it was for brian van holt (who got only a fifteen second part, by the way). i think this might have been a mistake on the directors and editors parts but they repeated the same segments two or three times, adding only a new sentence.a film similar to this is eraser head, possibly the most disturbing movie in existence. there is no plot line, and is not funny. although it isn't trying to be funny. do not watch either movie.

this is the worst movie i've ever seen in my life. this is saying quite a bit, considering some of the choices i've made in film rentals.i got this on netflix based entirely on the fact that someone i went to high school with is topless in it. the topless scene lasted all of about 5 seconds and the rest of the movie was about as much fun as having pungee sticks driven underneath my toenails whilst being forced to listen to roseanne sing big spender.the "skits" are stupid and consist of the worst kind of juvenile bathroom humor and locker-room gags, and it's such a blatant (and poor) rip-off of the kentucky fried movie that you'll be begging for big jim slade to crash through the wall and save us from the stupidity of "vince offer" (whoever that is).unless you are a masochist, avoid this pile of rubbish.

i foolishly read the back of the dvd cover of this movie in best buy about a year ago, and said to myself, "seems funny, plus it has michael clarke duncan, how can i lose!" i proceeded to pay $15.99 plus tax for it. i took it over to a friends house and we both stood aghast at how poorly it was written and acted. wooden performances abound. all the "hilarious" and "outstanding" performances promised never seemed to arrive. after 90 minutes i hung my head in shame, knowing that i could never get that 90 minutes or $15.99 back. i literally almost cried as well, because if that was what could be considered "comedy" i didn't want to believe in movies anymore. my friend and i constantly informed a friend of ours of the horror of this movie to the point that he needed to see it just to understand how bad it was. over the holiday season this year i watched it with him because he didn't want to watch it alone. this was my next horrible mistake, because as i watched i just became angry. i began to yell at the movie, and i'm not one to talk to movies period. everyone i know that has even glimpsed this movie has agreed its the worst they've ever seen. my sense of humor is sick and twisted and often offends my friends, but that could not save this movie even. the fact that this movie is not on the bottom 100 list on imdb is astounding. the fact that its rating (at the time of this writing) is 3.6 is a crime against humanity.

imagine the worst skits from saturday night live and mad tv in one 90 minute movie. now, imagine that all the humor in those bad skits is removed and replaced with stupidity. now imagine something 50 times worse.got that?ok, now go see the underground comedy movie. that vision you just had will seem like the funniest thing ever. ucm is the single worst movie i've ever seen. there were a few cheap laughs...very few. but it was lame. even if the intent of the movie was to be lame, it was too lame to be funny.the only reason i'm not angry for wasting my time watching this was someone else i know bought it. he wasted his money. vince offer hasn't written or directed anything else and it's no surprise why.

a woman's nightmares fuel her fear of being buried alive.the cheating husband wants her dead and decides to make good use of her phobia by sticking her in a coffin and leaving her in the basement.of course b-horror movie queen brinke stevens transforms into hideous ghostly creature.the only reason to see this amateurish junk flick is michael berryman in a really small cameo and two sex scenes with delia sheppard.and the last twenty minutes of brinke's bloody rampage are quite fun to watch.the special effects for example laughable decapitated head are truly awful.better watch "scalps" or "alien dead" again.of course i ain't expecting classy entertainment from fred olen ray,but "haunting fear" is too dull to be enjoyable.

i purchased this video quite cheaply ex-rental, thinking that the cover looked quite nice. and it was nice, but the movie is trash. i can handle b-grade, i sometimes even enjoy a good b romp (ie. 'surf nazis must die' is a classic example of how entertaining the genre can be), but this was just bland bland bland. incredibly dull scenes were broken up too sparsely by good wholesome cheap porn and entertaining dream horror sequences. this movie has very little to offer.

fred olen ray is a lousy director, even as far as b movie directors go, but 'haunting fear' is probably one of his better films. yes, it does butcher the great poe story 'premature burial' and yes, it is badly paced and uneven throughout, but it is also pretty entertaining. scream queen brinke stevens is better than usual as a pretty, fragile housewife whose worthless husband (jay richardson) is plotting to do away with her because he needs money to pay off a gangster (played by robert quarry). delia sheppard, a veteran of many early 90s soft-core movies, actually gives the best performance in the film as a slutty mistress. you will also enjoy small roles played by karen black as a psychic, robert clarke as a doctor and michael berryman in a nice cameo in one of the better scenes. the ending didn't make much sense!

first off...with names like fred olen ray, brinke stevens and jan-michael vincent, plus distributors like "rhino" and "troma" on the video box, you know what you're getting into with this one. b movie mania! if you're actually expecting to see a thriller "based on edgar allan poe," then forget it and head straight for the excellent series of roger corman 60s poe films. this is pure, unadulterated sleaze (with just a pedestrian attempt at a plot similar to "the premature burial"), complete with lots of r-rated, ready-for-video sex and nudity. however, it's certainly entertaining and fun in a slipshod kind of way...brinke (who has three nude scenes in the first 30 minutes) plays rich, traumatized, insomniac housewife victoria monroe, whose fear of being prematurely entombed stems from her belief that the same fate befell her father (hoke howell). her worthless husband terry (jay richardson) has racked up some serious gambling debt (owed to a gangster played by robert quarry) and, with help from his kinky, blonde, european-accented sexpot secretary lisa (delia sheppard) plots to do away with brinke for her money. name-value actress karen black drops in briefly wearing a blonde wig as a hypnotist (she's way too talented to be playing an insignificant role like this), 50s sci-fi/horror star robert clarke plays a doctor and family friend and michael berryman shows up for a decent nightmare sequence performing an autopsy on a still-living vicki. jan-michael vincent mostly sits outside a house in his car making goo-goo eyes as brinke enters and exits the home.the kill-a-spouse-for-the-inheritance plot has been done a million times before, the ending is an unintentional laugh riot (concluding with a direct rip-off of the zuni fetish doll segment in trilogy of terror) and whoever created the awful stabbed face and decapitated head fx for this release needs to sharpen up on their skills a bit. brinke does a decent job making her character somewhat sympathetic, but the biggest surprise of all is how good former penthouse pet delia sheppard is in her role. she stole every scene she was in and easily gave the standout performance here.

hallam foe tells us the story about a boy who lost his mother and experiences some sort of oedepus complex afterward.it is something like 95 minutes long but would be better in ten. there's like an hour in the middle where he is doing climbing practice on rooftops, and habits in a church tower like quasimodo (only he is much less sympathetic).there's a strange love story involved which doesn't have anything to do with anything. she happens to look like his mother, yes so what? we know he misses his mother, that's what the first ten minutes were about. they should just have put the beginning and ending together and it would have been a o.k. short film. now it's a portrait of a character who doesn't change. he is a guy that stuff happens to. the only active choice he has in the whole middle of the movie is to apply for a job.there's this whole oedepus thing going on which is supposed to make us analyze his character. he paints his face, dresses in women's clothing and wears a dead badger on his head. a badger! you've got to see the ending! he returns to his home with the badger on his head (and it is shot like a tacky horror film) to kill his dad's new wife (which he had sex with in the beginning). and somehow they thought this wouldn't be entertaining enough so they put some indie punk music in the background. i've got to admit though, i'm kind of allergic to films that want to write a psychological complex on your nose. it feels like this mackenzie director/guy/whatever is trying to show us that he also has been studying psychology in school. you are so smart! thank you for bringing all these forgotten theories back into our memories! you really dug! what a wallraff! okay so now i realized this film is based on some random book, but anyway..photowise it is boring. a lot of talking heads. plus the editor has changed the colors from scene to scene, you know cold and warm etc.. why? maybe "hallam foe" is both a feature and a test film for color blind people. or maybe they just thought that the drama wouldn't be enough to tell us that he feels lonely, so they increased blue so that we really get it.i'm not even gonna comment on the cliché indie-oh-how-how-how-cute drawings they have made in the presentation. and all the "cute" sex stuff going on. this whole film is an independent cliché. but i do recommend it. i laughed more than a few times. though it is really annoying to be a film student and to see how crap like this gets through the machine.

in its way, mister foe (originally, and more appropriately, titled hallam foe  i can't see addressing its title character as "mister"), is a tribute to good acting. both jamie bell, as hallam, a physically attractive voyeur/creep, and sophia myles, as kate, his kinky partner in sex and fantasy romance, are convincing. the problem comes when you try to connect their roles to anything that happens in real life. a young man who spies on the intimate details of people's lives the way hallam does would be deservedly beaten to a pulp. and a woman in kate's situation would be repulsed and frightened - she would probably call the police.these things are not, however, what happens in the movie. poor hallam's mother has died and his father married a woman with whom he's been having an affair. hallam, of course, hates his stepmother and lets he know it. she has sex with him. kate's some kind of an employment person who places hallam in a dish washing job and plays sexual games. she looks like his birth mother. it all ends happily with hallam "resolving" his "issues".forty some years ago, the play and brilliantly acted movie, who's afraid of virginia woolf, had a similarly optimistic ending, with characters becoming wiser and better after tearing each other apart. the trouble is, it doesn't always work that way, especially when nobody really cares. in virginia woolf, the ending's plausible because of the intensity of the emotional revelation. in mister foe, the emotional revelation never really happens.

david mackenzie's follow-up to the brilliant young adam wants to be a feel-good underdog story of a lonely voyeur who is trying to confront some psycho-sexual issues with his dead mother. it wants to be gritty, realistic, and mysterious. at the same time, it wants to be funny and nonjudgmental of its disturbed lead as he establishes himself as an adult.to meet this end, the film tries hard to be youthful. its poster has hand-drawn letters looking like that of juno. its original soundtrack is comprised of fast-paced indie rock which tries to convince the audience that hallam is ok; just a little misguided. but strangely the film is anything but youthful.like young adam this film's central mystery concerns a drowned woman- in this case hallam's mother. young adam keeps its mystery quiet, contemplative, and paced well enough to hit you with the truths as they come. hallam foe does the opposite. it foregrounds its character's psychosis so clearly and so early that he never really does anything outside his expected parameters. the opening scene is hallam in his treehouse watching his sister fooling around with her boyfriend. hallam swiftly interrupts, asserting his presence in the household. here we see everything that hallam will do for the rest of the movie.the mystery surrounding his mother's drowning is whether it was suicide or murder by his father's girlfriend. the audience can never really trust hallam because, besides being creepy, we think his obsession has led him close to insanity. this hindered the mystery element for me because hallam is too sporadic to be relatable. right when he's found some clues that would support his claim he runs away from home, at first it appearing to be looking for the police. then he gets extremely sidetracked by a girl who resembles his mother, which frustratingly leads the story away from the mystery element.while jamie bell does bring out some very endearing traits in his lost character, he was limited by the obviousness of his psychological needs. this movie is in no way mysterious, yet it is not blunt either. it tries to be realistic in dealing with such issues, but it adds a very self-conscious spunk which registers itself as quite the opposite. it goes for a soundtrack-heavy, trainspotting attitude to help the audience root for a protagonist who scales buildings, picks locks, and camps out for the sake of voyeurism. these urban peeping tom adventures hallam engages in are way too difficult for an inward-drawn country boy to engage in and they are not sexy, giddy, or pleasant. they are more neutral than anything; not propelling the character or story. mackenzie makes you understand hallam, yet he fails to build common ground.he expects you to enjoy hallam's trials and tribulations without much ideological justification. the film hinges on its audience's perspective on voyeurism/the kind of person who engages in it. obviously, most people would be disgusted by it. and hallam foe realizes that, but it does not let us see hallam weigh the morality of his decisions. he goes from person to person, trying to fill his deep void. there is a particularly disturbing line from hallam's love interest kate where she drunkenly says "i love creepy boys," perhaps asking the audience to do the same. the line tries to foreshadow her understanding of him (her motivation remains vague throughout) and tries to further us from judging him. it's not hard to like hallam, but it is very hard to participate in his adventure- if it is even an adventure at all. all the while, the film tries to use its flamboyant soundtrack to mask its indecisive mood.great performances are weighed down by a film with a weak third act, muddy development, and needlessly ambiguous direction from mackenzie. recently this film was re-named for a us release, and for what reason? not only is it more unappealing, but the hard truth is that the hallam character never earns the title 'mister.'

i saw this film first in the soviet union and many erotic scenes were simply edited out by the censorship committee. but then, in poland in 2000, i watched it in a complete form. and so what? the plot is incredibly unwise - 2 men survive the genetic catastrophe and find themselves on the planet full of feminist strong, straight and fundamentally severe ladies. the men now try to fight it and then the whole bunch of extremely silly clichés follow - sex-drive, constant masculine desire for sex, feminists who are shown like complete idiots (you may agree with them or not, but idiots certainly they are not), and so on. the performance even of the stellar jerzy stuhr is here wooden and strangely bad - he just pulls unfunny faces and repeats on saying phrases like "i am in the elevator with a nude chick and i haven't done anything to her!". this was intended to be a comedy, instead, it turned out to be a vapid farce, full of predictable jokes and below-the-waist innuendos. do not waste your time on it - this is just bad.

once again i have seen a movie made by people that know nothing. i just recently reviewed baby face nelson. now i've seen dillinger and i've had it.this movie is garbage. i don't know how anyone in their right mind could compare this to a classic like bonnie and clyde. this movie is far from a classic. someone called it brilliant. that's an insane thing to say. this movie can't get any facts straight and it has the worst casting i've ever seen. i don't know whose dumb idea it was to cast warren oates as john dillinger. first of all he looks nothing like him. second of all, by the time john dillinger was killed he was 31. when oates made this he was 45! you could even tell that he's older than the real dillinger just by looking at him. not only was he too old, but so was ben johnson as melvin purvis.they show baby face nelson die, then homer van meter, and finally john dillinger. john dillinger was killed before both of them. the last one to die out of the three was baby face nelson. not only do the writers not know when they died, but they also don't know how they died. baby face nelson was not killed after he escaped from little bohemia in a robe. homer van meter was not killed by farmers with shot guns. homer van meter was cornered by the police in st. paul and gunned down with machine guns. another member of dillinger's gang, harry pierpont is shown being shot by police in this movie. pierpont wasn't shot. harry pierpont was captured and sentenced to die in the electric chair. i go into what happened to baby face nelson on my baby face nelson review so i'm not going to go into it again here. let me also add that richard dreyfuss' portrayal of baby face nelson is pathetic. there's a scene where he attacks dillinger and then gets a bad beating. while dillinger was beating him he was crying like a baby and screaming, "leave me alone!" baby face nelson and john dillinger never fought. maybe dillinger didn't agree with nelson's bank robbing methods, but they never fought. nelson also never cried like a little girl while getting beaten. they keep calling him lester "baby face" nelson. he was never in his life known by that name. nelson's real name was lester gillis and he changed his name to george nelson. the black guy that escaped from jail with dillinger was herbert youngblood, but in this movie he is known as reed youngblood. john milius doesn't know anything. where the hell did john milius get his information? i could probably make a better movie than him.finally the way they showed john dillinger die is outrageous and inexcusable. the movie shows dillinger walk out of the biograph with the lady in red and his girlfriend billie frechette. by the way, billie frechette wasn't even there that night. but a girl named polly hamilton was. melvin purvis yells, 'johnny!' dillinger pulls out his gun and is blown to hell. it is a proved fact that dillinger did not have a gun that night. the fbi gave him no chance to surrender and as soon as he was in sight they blew him away. they didn't even have to shoot him. they were so close that powder burns were found on his face. it was murder. they also say that the man killed that night was not john dillinger. after killing tons of civilians in the little bohemia incident can you imagine the fbi reporting that they had just killed another innocent unarmed man? the gun they had on display that was supposedly on dillinger was also proved not to have been manufactured until after dillinger's death. i could go on and on how the man they killed wasn't john dillinger, but i'll stop here. if you would like to know more check it out heresee the dillinger version with lawrence tierney if you want, but don't waste your time with this inaccurate piece of garbage movie.

i just finished reading a book about dillinger. this movie was horribly inaccurate. it's like they got a list of names and just made everything up. his robberies and getaways were well planned, down to the second - when the time was up, they left whether they had all of the money or not. they had notes of every road, where to turn, etc. purvis never saw him at the restaurant, he was told that dillinger paid for his meal after dillinger left. purvis never even saw dillinger before the night dillinger was killed, only photos of him. the way his gang members died were fictitious. dillinger never robbed a bank by himself, like he did in this movie. if i had never read the book, maybe i could have enjoyed the movie. the acting was a bit over the top in places. the action was overdone as well. on second thought, i doubt if i would have enjoyed it much even if i hadn't read the book.

proof why hollywood conventions are in place. stale dialogue, underdeveloped and flat characters and a disjointed storyline are only part of the problems with this gangster classic wannabe. an attempt to be daring and different but this appears to be a slap-together attempt at recreating the magic of arthur penn 's bonnie and clyde (1967) and george roy hill 's butch cassidy and the sundance kid (1969)- truly innovative filmmakers and films - but falling well below the bar. problems with storylines being self-explanatory result in the need for a voiceover to explain problem sections. the editing appears again to be an attempt to duplicate the previous classics but is occasionally disjointed and cause more problems for me technically. unnecessary shots are thrown in to justify the filming of them but would have better served the viewer by sitting on the cutting room floor. stills, black & white montages and period music are thrown in from time to time in attempts to either be different or to cover up for scenes that can't transition well or to replace scenes that just didn't work at all and again are reminiscent of butch cassidy and the sundance kid (1969).overly dramatic pauses between sentences, random shots of surrounding scenery that wasn't needed for storytelling plus over-the-top acting of bit players and supporting actors was reminiscent of the backyard camcorder directors of the late 1980's - i was left wondering who was in charge of this film during production and during post-production. the playing of music in most two shots and close-ups and then suddenly stopping in wide shots overly emphasized a weak musical score. no sound editing was drastically apparent as the bulk of the film was gunshots, doors, footsteps and dialogue (a style used in the late 60's through the mid-70's by new directors) but lacking background noise causing it to seem artificial - particularly the tire squeaks on dirt roads. in my honest opinion the biggest problem of all is there are no 'likeable' characters for the audience to route for nor were we lead to see as the protagonists of the story. neither the gangsters nor the lawmen were characters i wanted to see win and neither were focused on as the 'hero'- a necessity for any story to work for me. we know from penn's and hill's movies who the 'heroes' are. even though they are criminals, we like them and want to see them get away. i could care less who was on the screen in this film. i got the impression that john milius was trying to give off a non-historically accurate reenactment documentary of the events surrounding john dillenger's life from june 1933 to july 1934 (his death).to be fair, there are some moments of good solid storytelling, which are moments that shine forth brightly from the dark and dismal canister in which this film sits. john milius gets better thankfully in future films where he doesn't seem to try to 'copy' other filmmakers. dillinger (1973) isn't a total waste as many stars and famous faces who were at the cusp of breaking out are involved with this directorial 'big budget' debut, but wait for it on a classic movie channel rather than spending money to rent or buy.

near the beginning, after it's been established that outlaw john dillinger (warren oates), is an egomaniacal rapist, another bandit of the 1930s is cornered in a farm house and surrounded by the fbi. second-in-command melvin purvis (ben johnson), surveys the situations, sticks a lighted cigar in his mouth, picks up two loaded .45-caliber automatics, and stalks off into the distant house alone. bang, bang, bang. purvis emerges alone from the house, carrying the female hostage, the miscreant dead. all in long shot.if you're enthralled by stories like red riding hood, this should have considerable appeal.oh, it's as exciting as it is mindless. pretty boy floyd meets his demise dramatically. multiple violations of the civic code. plenty of shoot outs with tommy guns and pistols. blood all over.as history, it stinks. few remember melvin purvis as an fbi hero, partly, i would guess, because of his name. melvin purvis? we all remember j. edgar hoover, who fired melvin purvis because he was a rival in the quest for public attention though.the picture was written and directed by john milius. he's the guy who had it written into his contract that, should any animals be shot and killed in the course of one of his productions, he should be the designated shooter. milius is the guy, a compleat gun freak, who had teddy roosevelt's rough riders in the spanish-american war shouting quotations from henry v -- "saint crispin's day" and all that.exciting, yes, and complete garbage. "i knew i'd never take him alive, and i didn't try too hard neither." that is, kill 'em all and let god sort them out.you'll just love it.

anyone who visited drive-ins in the 1950s, 60s, and 70s, must have seen a film or two by american international pictures, a distributor that resembled 1980s giant cannon films. wherever movie-goers ventured, aip would be right there to supply the latest en vogue titles - in the 50s came horror movies like 'voodoo woman' and 'the undead;' in the 60s were frankie avalon-annette funicello beach comedies and biker flicks like 'the glory stompers;' and into the 70s, aip churned out grindhouse-level trash like 'cannibal girls' and 'sugar hill.''dillinger,' released in 1973, is one of the more 'highbrow' aip efforts that capture the true spirit of drive-in film-making; it is one of those uneven, over-the-top flicks that satisfied the masses' thirst for entertainment, craftsmanship and common sense be damned. on the whole, 'dillinger' is typical for its era: entertaining and worth a couple of hours, but certainly not memorable. heavy on action and short on both acting and historical fact, 'dillinger' was a fair effort by screenwriter-director john milius ('magnum force') but certainly left room for improvement in his extensive career.the 109-minute 'dillinger' - epic for aip's scope - follows the quest of fbi midwest chief melvin purvis, played by academy award winner ben johnson. purvis was the investigator who sought revenge for four fbi agents killed in a 1933 kansas city ambush that helped gangster frank nash to escape justice. at large were the men who supposedly plotted that breakout, including expert bankrobber john dillinger (warren oates), pretty boy floyd (steve kanaly), and psychopath baby face nelson (richard dreyfuss). dillinger eventually joined forces with floyd and nelson, taking along homer van meter (harry dean stanton) and harry pierpont (geoffrey lewis). he also hooked up with billie frechette (michelle phillips), a prostitute of french and indian extraction. while taking place over several months in 1933-4, 'dillinger' is basically a chase film, with purvis's entourage looking to run down and kill off the men wanted by j. edgar hoover.'dillinger' has a documentary feel, listing dates and places while johnson supplies loose narrative as purvis. milius keeps an honest depression look, using authentic fashion, cars, weapons, and buildings; he also sprinkles around black-and-white photography and stock footage of gangster shootouts. the film is never boring, moving at a quick, if haphazard, pace. the action scenes are dillinger's strongpoint, edited competently by fred feitshans jr in his last professional effort. thousands of blank ammunition rounds must have been used to make this film, not to mention pounds of explosives. this film is certainly not for the squeamish, with people getting shot and dropping dead all over the place. the violence, while gratuitous, brings some understanding of the mayhem that organized crime dumped on american life.this film never transcends its exploitation status, however, because the needed writing just isn't there. john milius, somewhat overrated as a filmmaker, places way too much emphasis on action. the action scenes (mostly blood-filled shootouts) are impressive and comparable with any major crime film of its era, including 1967's 'bonnie and clyde.' but we simply don't get to know much about dillinger and his gang members as people; the vital relationship that develops between dillinger and frechette is barely touched upon, with the pair meeting in a bar during one scene and cavorting as lovers just ten minutes afterward. melvin purvis also seems to wander in and out of the storyline, becoming a prominent figure only when milius needs to keep the film from unraveling. all too often, the film takes on a shoot-'em-up persona when its characters could have been explored in detail.aside from this, the picture's main crime is ignorance of historical fact. while many say that 'dillinger' is just a film, it's films such as this one that create fables and make them permanent. those with knowledge of gangster history will point out that john dillinger was not the last of his ring to die, as milius's screenplay and the film's documentary style encourage us to believe. in fact, dillinger died before baby face nelson and homer van meter; he also was said not to be carrying a gun on the night of his death, nor did he have billie frechette in tow. while these inaccuracies might make for high drama, there is no reason why milius couldn't have stayed with the facts and written a great story around them.warren oates's performance as dillinger is quite good, although he sometimes looks unconvincing. oates is humorous and nicely portrays how dillinger became consumed by his larger-than-life image in the american press; however, we never really feel the menace he invoked in his lifetime. ben johnson gives some life to purvis, suave but rather flat. michelle phillips brings emotion to the billie frechette character and it's really too bad that milius's screenplay didn't flesh out her relationship with dillinger. we never learn what drew her to a cold-blooded killer, other than the stereotype of an easy-going girl who is attracted to men of danger. the supporting roles with kanaly, dreyfuss, stanton, lewis, and a briefly-appearing cloris leachman, are acceptable for such talent.as a piece of 1970s exploitation, 'dillinger' appears doomed to retail bargain bins, which is exactly where i picked up mgm's dvd release for $4.99. the film is nicely presented in widescreen (a must for drive-in flicks) with subtitles in french and spanish. dillinger's theatrical trailer is supplied as a lone extra. largely forgotten except by gangster movie fans and drive-in enthusiasts, the film doesn't really call for much else in way of supplementary material. for fans of the genre, it's certainly worth checking out.** out of 4roving reviewer - www.geocities.com/paul_johnr

i recently watched this film at the 30'th gothenburg film festival, and to be honest it was on of the worst films i've ever had the misfortune to watch. don't get me wrong, there are the funny and entertaining bad films (e.g "manos  hands of fate") and then there are the awful bad films. (this one falls into the latter category). the cinematography was unbelievable, and not in a good way. it felt like the cameraman deliberately kept everything out of focus (with the exception of a gratuitous nipple shot), the lighting was something between "one guy running around with a light bulb" and "non existing". the actors were as bad as soap actors but not as bad as porn actors, and gave the impression that every line came as a total surprise to them. the only redeeming feature was the look of the masked killer, a classic look a la jason vorhees from "friday the 13'th". the plot was extremely poor, and the ending even worse. i would only recommend this movie to anyone needing an example of how a horror film is not supposed be look like, or maybe an insomniac needing sleep.

it's interesting to see what the director tried to do with this film. but the problem is that it's not very good. there was nothing really original in the film and while the plot was well presented, the main characters were all a bit to shallow and you didn't bother for any of them.rather bland (and sometimes downright bad) photo leaves a bit to be desired but i guess you can't expect to much from people who are just doing a low budget film for the heck of it. it's unfair to review the film and compare it to other high-budget films. but alas, that is what one must do. on its own, it's not very good. and compared to others, it's still not very good. but it is not without its good points! i liked the plot. it was built up rather nicely and tied together well at the end. sometimes in the really dark scenes, it managed to build up a creepy feeling as well.however in the end the film fails to impress. the characters are pretty much non-existent and we don't care for any of them. any of them might die, but it's possible to pinpoint the final "survivor" from very early on.

"i love new york" is another entry by vh-1 (mtv networks) showing the entertaining side of dating a shrill, obnoxious, woman. it must have been an easy decision to take the most wildest, ebonics speaking, craziest contestant - and her mother - and give them a show on this network. many will argue, "this is a show". true, it's not as bad as it's previous show, "flavor of love" - but it's just as bad.it reminds me of a skit from the 90's show "in living color" where keenan ivory wayans was imitating the boxer mike tyson on "the love connection" dating show and he picked "robin givens" for a date. mike talked of how the date was okay, but how the obnoxious mother kept butting in. this show reminds me of that.the men are chosen and given names to degrade themselves and the woman that they are dating more - (i would think an intelligent man looking to date an intelligent woman would not allow her - and her mother - to give you a name that is so ghetto, you'll embarrass yourself every time you appear on tv.) but these are professional reality actors, so why bother.it escapes me to discover what is so entertaining about all of this. the fact that this is as fake as her newly implanted additions? 15 minutes of fame and hundreds of thousands of dollars in ad time for the network? (well, you can't hate them for trying to make a buck.) maybe the wonder is - who would want to be with this woman past an hour? or wonder if she and her mother's next show would be on the wwf! any way you slice it, it's a train wreck you've seen countless times before so by now the shock value is down to nil.no twist or turn will make this a more interesting train wreck, or any different from any of the others. appeals to the lowest common denominator and for those calling an "end" to reality shows, this is just another nail in the coffin as to why they should end, immediately.

the latest rumor going around is that vh1 is starting casting calls for i love new york 3 mid 2008. so does this mean budah or tailor made dumped new york or does this mean new york dumped the winner?i know flavor of love is coming up to it's 3rd season, so now with a flavor of love 3 and a i love new york 3.....will there ever be a true winner???i've also heard a few rumors that chance will be brought back for the 3rd season of i love new york!!!! i have also heard rumors that new york will be specially featured on flavor of love 3. hopefully this was not too much of a spoiler for the ending of i love new york 2....i'm just stating the latest rumor.

the deadly wake is the perfect movie for film students... to learn how not to make a film!let's see... what did the crew mess up in this flick? worst music mix worst editing worst script worst all-time directing worst acting worst choreography worst cinematography worst props worst sets worst lighting etc. let's face it, if this "film" had been in ultra-high contrast black-and-white, and silent... it still would have been awful. all scenes are dark (lighting people call it "black"), often, the music score drowned out the meandering dialogs, which was ok because nobody ever spoke two whole sentences without long pauses for effect. the "evil" robot was hilarious... what was that? jazz dancing? oh... i guess it was supposed to be walking tactically or something. i'm sure it struck fear into the hearts... of the poor editors. and, how do you edit so much footage of garbage? not possible. garbage is garbage, no matter how you splice it. how did anyone ever get this thru the dailys???bottom line is- i couldn't stand to watch more than 15-minute segments, it was so bad... but i did see the whole thing (with lotsa breaks) just to see if it had any good parts in it at all. nope! none!a perfect example of how not to make a flick... a must see for every serious film student!!!

this is one of those "so bad it is good" films that you always hear about but never see! unlike troma films which are deliberately bad and campy (and i am not amused) this one is 100% pure serious.however with features such as a supposedly super-lethal killer robot that prances about like one of the solid gold dancers on an acid trip and a magical first mate that calls down lightning and transforms into the good witch of the east the fact that it takes itself seriously pushes it so far over the edge of bad that makes it full circle around back to entertaining.watcheable enough because of that.

i find it heart-warming and inspiring that the writing team behind such hopelessly mainstream hollywood movies like indiana jones and the temple of doom, american graffiti and howard the duck would begin their career with a low-budget exploitation horror film like this. perhaps as a testament to the talent that would earn willard hyuck and gloria katz an oscar nomination later in their respective careers, messiah of evil has potential, but sadly becomes frustrating exactly because it can't muster the film-making prowess to pull it off.the premise involves a young girl who travels to a small coastal town in search for her painter father who went missing a while back. it doesn't take long for the fragmented narrative to abandon all hope and dive headlong in disjointed absurdity - and for a while it works admirably well to the point where you begin thinking that maybe messiah of evil needs to be reclaimed from the schlocky gutter of 70's exploitation as an example of artful mystery horror.the surreal non-sequiturs keep piling on as the daughter stumbles upon a young couple in a seedy hotel room who are in town to conduct a research on the local legend of the 'blood moon', a scruffy and half-mad alcoholic (played by the great elisha cook jr. in perhaps the best scene of the movie) who warns her about her father only to be reportedly found dead in an alley 'eaten by dogs' a little later, the blind old lady that owns the local art gallery and who has inexplicably removed all of her father's paintings from the shop and last but not least a retarded, murderous, squirrel-eating albino.part of the movie's charm is precisely this brand of bargain-basement artsy surrealism that defies logic and genre conventions every step of the way. whereas with lynch it is obviously the mark of a talented creator, with messiah of evil the boundaries between the 'intentional', the 'unintentional' and the 'didn't really expect it to come out this way but it's good enough - wrap scene' blur hopelessly.take for example the double narration that flows in and out of the picture in a drug-addled, feverish, stream-of-consciousness way, one coming from the daughter as she wanders from place to place in search for her father, and the other narrated by her father's voice as she reads his diary. while we're still talking about a 'living dead' picture, messiah of evil is different and only loosely one - at least with current preconceptions of what a zombie movie is supposed to be. the origin of the living dead here is a 100 year old curse, bestowed upon the town by a mysterious 'dark stranger' who came from the woods one day. in the meantime hyuck finds time for snippets of mass-consumption criticism in a flesh-eating supermarket scene that predates dawn of the dead by a good number of years (you can hear the mst3k line already: 'man is dead, only his capitalist food tins remain') and a nicely thought but poorly executed similar scene in a movie theater.i generally think that the surreal works in careful, well measured doses - how is the absurd to work if it's not hidden within the perfectly normal? hyuck seems to just smear it all over the picture and by doing so dangerously overplays his hand. when the albino for example picks up a girl hitching her way to town and eats a squirrel in front of her, you can almost imagine the director winking meaningfully at the audience, amused and satisfied with his own hijinks. the general film-making level is also pretty low - after the half-way mark, the pace becomes muddled and the story tiresome and evidently going nowhere and not particularly fast either. add to that the choppy editing, average acting and hyuck's general inability to capture true atmosphere - the empty streets of coastal town are criminally misused - and i'd file messiah under 'missed opportunity' but still grindhouse afficionados will find enough to appreciate - even though it's not particularly gory, trashy or sleazy.

i just watched this movie in high definition on television. i am in a wheelchair due to a neuromuscular disorder and like to watch the few films made about those with physical disabilities.at first i found the main character somewhat noble and captivating. his message about the disabled and the life time he spent fighting to have the disabled recognized and integrated into mainstream society's job market is great. and my problem isn't with the real person who did these things. he was a great man. but this film is completely hypocritical and diametrically opposed to the very message it is preaching, that i found it insulting.first of all, they didn't cast anyone in a title role with an actual physical disability. sure they were competent actors, but it seems completely dis genuine to preach about hiring the disabled and then not actually hiring the disabled for anything in the film. further compounded by the fact that in one scene mid way through the film a man is seen walking to a podium on crutches, appearing to have only one leg. but the cgi in this scene is so apparent it is shameful. what? they couldn't find an actual amputee anywhere for the film? for a 5 second shot it was more financially sound to do cgi effects than to just hire an actual amputee? at that point in the film i found it so fraudulent and completely against the message it was trying to convey that i came here to bitch and whine about it like the pathetic cripple i am.figure that out.

i was so disappointed in this movie. i don't know much about the true story, so i was eager to see it play out on film and educate myself about a little slice of history. with such a powerful true story and great actors it seemed like a surefire combination. well, somewhere the screenplay failed them. it was so scattered - is this movie about his childhood? his love life? his own disability? his speaking ability? his passion for the disabled? i'm sure there is a way to incorporate all of those things into a good story, but this movie wasn't it. i was left cold watching characters that were unlikable not because of their disabilities, but because of their personalities. other small gripes: 1. the heavy-handed soundtrack. it's the seventies - we get it already! 2. if he's such a phenomenal public speaker, why weren't we treated to more than a snippet here and there - and even then mostly in montages?

what about dahmer's childhood?- the double hernia operation which is believed to have sparked off his obsession with the inner workings of the human body? what about "infinity land"? - the game he invented as a child which involved stick men being annihilated when they came too close to one another, suggesting that intimacy was the ultimate danger. what about the relationship between his parents, and the emotional problems of his mother that were far more relevant than just his own relationship with his father? his feelings of neglect when his brother was born? what about his fascination with insects and animals? how he would dissect roadkill and hang it up in the woods behind his home?what about focusing more on his cannibalism? and what about his parent's divorce? these are all things that should have been included in the film. instead the film maker chose to give us a watered down 'snapshot' from a night or two in his life, and combine it with series of confusing and at times unnecessary flashbacks, to events that weren't even particularly relevant to our understanding of dahmer.why didn't the film maker show how dahmer was interested in people as objects rather than people? he could have made this point many times, particularly in the scenes in which he drugs his victims whilst he has sex with them (which actually took place in a health club, not a night club). instead he just shows him ramming away at them from behind.whilst i appreciate there is only so much information you can cram into 90 minutes (or however long), but why spend such a large part of the film examining his relationship with luis pinet? (known as rodney in this film). my only guess is that the director was trying to build up pinet's character, to try and make us fear for or empathise with him, but this film is supposed to be about jeffrey dahmer, so why couldn't he have spend those forty five minutes on something else? if the scene and their relationship was important enough to warrant such time then fair enough, but it wasn't. the scene in which he kills steven hicks, his first victim, is a vital part of the jeffrey dahmer story because it was the first killing, and because of the effect that killing had on the rest of his life. unfortunately the film doesn't explain that it was his first killing, or that he didn't kill again for nine years. we assume, because his hair style is different, and he is wearing glasses that this is a flashback, but to when? and why? what about the shrine he made in his sitting room towards the end of his career?-one of the most important clues we have towards understanding dahmer and his motivations..some people may find my need for accuracy in fact and detail a bit anal, but having studied jeffrey dahmer in depth, it is plain to see that this film has very little in common with the person he was and the crimes he committed. why bother to spend the time making a film loosely based on jeffrey dahmer rather than tackle the real issues behind his descent into madness and the carnage that ensued?finally, a film with subject matter as repellent as this should carry an 18 certificate, not a 15. we needed to see his perversion in more depth, to understand just how detached he was from the rest of us. that doesn't mean showing the drill actually entering konerak sinthasomphone's head for instance, but at least an indication of the amount of people he killed, and what his modus operandi was when actually killing. anyone watching this film who doesn't know the story of dahmer might come away thinking he had only killed a few people. he actually killed seventeen men.aside from the facts and lack of depth, the film isn't all bad. there is some nice cinematography, and good performances from the two main characters. i'd like to see this done again by a film maker who has more knowledge, more energy, and a better reason for making the film in the first place.

this is an ok film but lacks any real depth either emotionally or in terms of story telling.the story is based on real events and this limits the amount of action to virtually none, also no real suspense.washington is believable in the lead but he is sleep walking through it, there is no scope to flex any acting muscles for him or the supporting cast.the story simply falls a little flat, even having never heard of the title character the ending was obvious but unlike other films about such injustices this one has no emotional impact, you don't really care about him and the motivations of those on the outside helping seem more academic than concerned for his welfare.there is an attempt to inject some emotion using the boy outside who hero worships carter but this seems forced.it's an ok film but instantly forgettable.

fairly good movie, but not a true story.rubin "hurricane" carter was a notorius liar, a murder and was never found not guilty. new jersey state just didn't go for it a third time as 20 years had gone. carter got an offer in 1976: "pass a lie test and go free". he didn't take it. this film should never have been made, but money talks. a lot of people have unjustly spend their lives in prison and undoubtedly more blacks than white. why choose a fake story?jens

this movie looks like it was made for tv . for years i waited for some movie to be made about rubin carter, because i loved to see him box at the old msg, and to see this movie was very disappointing.i have alot of respect for mr washington, but he was awful and boring.there is really nothing good to say about this movie except i did like the song.

denzel is about the only thing that is right in this movie.maybe once in an early stage this was a better movie. someone decided to cut some action and plot points into the beginning of the movie, giving away most of the story line in about the first 5 minutes. that and ruining whatever build up in pace and rhythm the movie might have had before.so first it confuses you and then it puts you off. the dramatization pushes beyond suspension of disbelieve.of course there is that feeling of great injustice and anger that movies like this potentially manage to instill in viewers. granted, it does that so if you are looking for that ... knock yourself out.

when i saw this movie i heard all the hype, and i heard how people said that denzel deserved the oscar alongside his golden globe and i believed he must have done an outstanding job considering kevin spacey was excellent. i was wrong. i realize that people say this not to anger the african american community (if they are not african americans themselves). i always hear complaints on how african americans are never nominated and how they should have won. sometimes this is true (not as much nowadays) because whoppi goldberg should have won best actress for the color purple and the movie should have won best picture. the only reason this movie was so blown up the way it was, is because people see a movie about the (*semi-spoiler*) hardships of an african american during a very racist time period and they automatically label it as a masterpiece.denzel washington is an outstanding actor, but his role in this movie did not affect me whatsoever. i was bored with him in the movie, and his acting here was quite similar to his role in malcolm x but not as good. the audience is supposed to leave believing this man, rubin carter, is a saint. people left the movies worshipping this man, this hero, and they went out and bought his book, making this hero of a man rich.*spoilers* this movie tells the tale of a man who spent the majority of his life in prison mainly for crimes he did not commit. of course the crimes he did commit (stealing mostly) was only to survive, nothing more. people felt sorry for him, even though the drug dealers and thieves probably amounted to as much for the same reasons but are looked down upon in society. everything in this movie tries to portray this man as a saint (except for the obvious infidelity he had towards his wife and the aggression he showed the other man when he met his wife) but why wouldn't it-after all, it is his point of view. i do not like movies (especially hollywood interpretations) that are based on "true" stories because they usually distort the "true" parts into something else, something not so true. this was his point of view and a hollywood construction, yet everyone believed it was the truth unquestionably. well i researched his past a bit before making any assumptions, and he was a very violent man. not only that, there is still a possibility that he did murder those people. if you do not believe me, search for him on the internet, and read the articles some people have of him. the boxing match he claimed to have won so easily, was actually won by his opponent joey giardello and there are tapes to prove it. besides that, there are many twisted and purposely left out facts in this movie. the supporting cast were the nicest people i have ever seen on the face of the earth and their "nice and perfect" persona looked difficult to keep up.this movie was a hollywood version of yet another unfortunate true story that is still left to be told truthfully. denzel's acting is stale, and the supporting cast's mickey mouse attitudes are annoying. the movie also begins very slow paced and is boring.

if this movie was about a fictional character, the movie could stand on its own and be judged objectively. unfortunately for the viewer, the movie is based on "facts" that are shaded very unfairly toward ruben carter. many of the smaller facts were disregarded (carter was not number one contender at the time of the murders, there is no proof at all that he saved a friend from a child molester in his youth), but some of the larger facts, like apparently being robbed of a decision to joey giardello because of "racist" judges, is inexcusable to those of us who have seen the fight on tape, and completely disrespectful to giardello. why hollywood feels the need to make a hero out of someone who, at best, was in trouble and around trouble much more than any normal person should be (was arrested multiple times for beating women) is strange to me. ruben carter was never, by viewing his actions in the 60's and even now, when he refuses to speak to his son, a person that people can look up to. everyone knows that jewison can direct, and washington can act, but why they chose this story as their vehicle is beyond me. is hollywood so much in need of a black hero that they need to bend the truth in all of their bio pics to make them believable? (heres a suggestion how about denzel playing a movie about himself? now thats inspirational) based on all of the inaccuracies in the movie, i would suggest passing on this one.

this movie is another one on my list of movies not to bother with. saw it 40 years ago as an adolescent, stayed up late to do so, was very annoyed to find that it was about 95% romance,4% everything else, 1% history if that. it's what i call a bait and switch movie, one with an interesting title, the actual movie is a scam. this is a subject which deserves a good cinematic treatment, this movie is almost an insult to those who served. the actual members of the lafayette escadrille were not on the run from the law nor were they the products of abusive homes, they were in reality idealists who wanted to do something to help france. and i suspect many of them came from a more upper class background than tab hunter's character. flying school is not for the smart alecks and the know it alls, an individual such as the one portrayed here wouldn't have lasted two days, it would have either been the stockade or the infantry. discipline in the french army was often rather fierce. in short, another hollywierd version of an historical episode that deserves proper treatment.

probably the worst film i've ever seen, the acting and story were terrible and i almost fell asleep. the only good actor was colm meaney. i had the impression to see the same scenes again and again until the end, no emotion, no charisma...nothing !

i had high hopes for this film, because i thought clean, shaven (kerrigan's first feature) was absolutely terrific, the most assuredly cinematic low budget film i'd ever seen.but much of claire dolan is utterly pointless and flat. scene after scene seems randomly tossed into the mix, without much thought for narrative or character.is claire trying to escape being a prostitute or not? hard to tell. why does she pick up the trick at the airport if she wants to escape that life? why does she then not pick up tricks when she needs money in seattle? why do we have to see her dye her hair to what is virtually the exact same color? why does claire accept some johns and not others? the filmmaker doesn't seem to know.it feels as if everything is improvised (though i understand this wasn't the case) and the filmmakers just held a camera on it as if they were making a verite documentary.after the screening i saw, kerrigan defended his lack of narrative choices by condemning film narrative as politically conservative. it sounded like learned rhetoric. i think it was a cop-out.i am saddened that the maker of a film as exciting as clean, shaven would go on to make such a lame film as this one and then defend it with tired old "political" cliches.

this is exactly the sort of saturday matinee serial i loved during world war ii. i was under ten years of age. and that's the audience this serial is designed for. looking at it now, one must roar at its ineptitude and stupidity. the budget must have been next to nothing, given the shortcuts and repeats. the acting? well, this is republic pictures, 1944. they read the lines....and no doubt had one take to make them convincing.one and half stars.

my interest in dorothy stratten caused me to purchase this video. although it had great actors/actresses, there were just too many subplots going on to retain interest. plus it just wasn't that interesting. dialogue was stiff and confusing and the story just flipped around too much to be believable. i was pretty disappointed in what i believe was one of audrey hepburn's last movies. i'll always love john ritter best in slapstick. he was just too pathetic here.

hip. erotic. wickedly sexy ... whatever. it's "the terminator" with werewolves.no, seriously. the cop saves the girl (waitress!) from the big monster and refers to himself as her 'protector'. the lead actor ryan alosio does a pretty good job of emulating kyle reese ... there's a massacre in a police precinct ... the bad guy is muscular with red eyes ... and it even contains dialogue along the lines of "you said it yourself, he won't ever stop. never." the dire script comes from a first-time screenwriter who, thank god, hasn't sold anything since this, and it's all thrown together by famously bad director richard friedman.the movie opens in a strip bar (always a good sign), and a mean-looking biker guy bursts in for no apparent reason, pursued by three cops. one of them is black, and (shock horror!) he's the one who gets killed in the first five minutes. the film goes downhill for the next hour or so, then picks up a little with some decent action sequences, before rounding it all up with an abysmal ending.for the most part, the cast come across as competent actors doing what they can with a bad script and a director who's willing to settle for less. if nothing else they appear to be learning how to act in this movie and alosio, along with some of the supporting cast, shows signs of talent. darkwolf in his human form is played by gargantuan kane hodder -- famous for his numerous portrayals of jason vorhees in the 'friday the 13th' movies. he's decent enough, especially considering he isn't used to speaking roles.it's become famous amongst groups of horny teenage boys for the lesbian rooftop scene between andrea bogart and sasha williams, who gets her kit off a couple of times in the grand tradition of former 'power rangers' actresses. and it's unnervingly clear that the editor spent way too much time on that scene ... anyway, the main redeeming feature is that the physical werewolf effects are rather good, and the design of the wolf isn't bad at all.but the cgi is bad. just plain bad. i mean seriously, if you can't reach some level of realism - why bother? just throw a little extra money into the make-up! aside from the terrible script, this movie does have it's moments, many of which are unintentionally funny. it's good for a laugh if you don't have anything better to do, but just don't spend any money on it. please.

what a horrible, horrible film. the worst collection of cliches i have seen in a long time. not that i saw much. i left the theatre screaming after about 40 minutes in search of a stiff drink to soothe my nerves. meryl streep was awful as usual. how many hurt and tortured expressions can 1 person have? aidan quinn's talents were - as so often - totally wasted. and who told gloria estefan she could act? trying to be polically correct this movie still enforces racial stereotypes. (brave inexperienced lonely music teacher teaches underprivilegded kids violin in poor neighbourhood school). the kids weren't even cute! just written in to suit the appalling script. aaargh! wes craven really made me cringe for once. real horror this one!

are you kidding me?! a show highlighting someone who opens cans and envelopes for a meal? how talented do you have to be to do this? she may be able to cook but it is not portrayed in this half-hour stomach churning painful production. i know she has a martha-stewart-esquire empire. so does warren buffett but i don't see him with fake knockers opening cans of cream corn and alpo.she has a nephew named...brycer. brycer? stop talking about anyone a name that stupid.more time is spent on "table-scapes" than actual cooking. who has that kind of time?! silicon should be on your spatula, not on my tv. this show should be on cartoon network, not food network.

there is a reason why this made for british tv movie only appeared at the 1977 toronto film festival. it is dull, plodding and lacking in suspense.peter oõtooleõs diffident performance and the appearance of playwright harold pinter are the only elements of interest.note : some british film fans will enjoy seeing philip jackson, best known for his portrayal of inspector japp in the poirot television series, in one of his earliest roles....

very much a film from the times -- extremely long sequences with no dialogue, bad flashbacks, and an almost entirely male cast. the two women who appear have a total of under 10 lines and exist only as romantic interests for men.o'toole is riveting whenever he speaks; unfortunately, he spends much of his time peering through shrubbery. alastair sims is always a joy to see but he, too, is terribly underused.the film has one additional positive aspect, in that it depicts many aspects of british fascism and fascist sympathies (such as the casual appearance of the mosley graffiti) that many people today are unaware of. too many of today's films about wwii paint the allies as all-good and the axis as all-evil, when history tells us people are far more complicated than that!this would be a good movie for when you're recovering from the flu and are bundled on the couch and not able to absorb anything too complex. if you just need something to pass the time while your electrolytes stabilize, this is the movie for you.

2002's undeservedly popular "i love the 80's" is an inane, idiotic, offensive and downright disgusting pop-culture mess of a show that was the first in a long-line of horrid television programming that ultimately spelled out the end of vh1, which was at one time the only real music-oriented channel left on tv! i used to practically live on vh1 up until the spring or winter, i forget which one now, of 2002 when garbage like this started to appear for absolutely no reason whatsoever. out of sheer morbid curiosity (i'd guess that's what you'd call it) i had decided that i would go ahead and give it a look-see anyhow the first night it came on even though the advertisements looked like complete crap. at least i can honestly say that i wasn't a bit disappointed by it because my expectations were obviously bottom basement-level to begin with. the emphasis of this show i found out within the first 5 minutes was less on each year of the 1980's and what was and wasn't culturally significant or popular (which is what i was expecting to see), but instead more of an impromptu platform for a whole slew of really god-awful no-name comedians to display what they more than likely think is their comedic skills *rolls eyes*...more like lack-thereof if you ask me! it's pretty easy now to see why no one had ever heard of any of these idiots before they appeared on this show because they are all so terribly unfunny and pathetic in their attempts at so-called "humor" that i swear i could feel my intestines knot up with each and every rancid one-liner they shot off one after another! altogether, i have no problem in saying that "i love the 80's" was/is trash of the lowest denominator, and one of the main reasons why i almost never watch vh1 anymore.

if it wasn't for the bad dialogues and script. i mean, the direction was really in touch with it's subject. the actors were doing good at bringing their characters to life. but in the end, the thing that was really missing was a solid script to hold all the pieces together. i would highly suggest not to watch this. unless you're a al pacino enthusiast like i am and will watch everything he is playing in. even if the result lately are rather poor. this is, after s1m0ne, a second very bad movie for this actor that once knew how to choose roles.

al pacino? kim basinger? tea leoni? ryan o'neal? richard schiff? my mouth was watering. i dropped everything to watch this movie on cable. 30 minutes in i was having trouble staying awake. 60 minutes in and i hit the record button and fell asleep. finished watching it the next morning. shouldn't have bothered. what a waste of a great cast and an idea that could have been an interesting story of a "day in the life..." cure your insomnia if you have it and watch this movie. i guarantee you at least an hour and a half of uninterrupted sleep. dialogue horrible. continuity non-existent. camera work could have been done with a hand held super 8 and looked better. this movie was a total disaster.

unless somebody enlightens me, i really have no idea what this movie is about. it looks like a picture with a message but it´s far from it. this movie tells pointless story of a new york press agent and about his problems. and, that´s basically all. when that agent is played by pacino, one must think that it must be something important. but it takes no hard thinking to figure out how meaningless and dull this movie is. to one of the best actors in the world, al pacino, this is the second movie of the year (the other is "simone") that deserves the title "the most boring and the most pointless motion picture of the year". so, what´s going on, al?

saw this movie in an early preview, and i cannot stress enough how bad i thought this film was. from the very beginning, the audience was groaning over pacino's awful southern accent. poor al looked really, really haggard, and i can't decide whether this was purposely part of his role as a drug addicted publicist, or perhaps he just didn't get any sleep before coming to the set. much worse than pacino's close ups, however, is the wretched excuse for a plot. early in the film we are given indications that pacino's character is gay, and i suspect that is what the screenwriter had originally intended. later, however, we are supposed to suspend our incredulity and believe that both tea leoni and kim basinger (both of whom are sleepwalking through lame roles) lust after this elderly, half dead looking, effeminate man with the ridiculous accent. the worst part overall was the main plot thread, which had to do with some corporate espionage that is never fully explained and we never, ever care about in the slightest. because this was a preview i will reserve my final judgment, because of the possibility of re-shoots and editing, but you can bet i will not pay a cent to see this in theaters.

in what seemed like the longest 1hour 35 i've had to endure in a long time, al pacino delivers an accurate performace to be sure. not his usual typecasting, which was nice. but his character was just truely pathetic. someone to pitty as he stumbles around forgetting appointments as we realise that the hollywood social life has drained him of his life energy. but in this movie we needed someone to like. and for some reason, every character in the picture said "i don't know why i like you, eli" to al pacino's chracter and i couldn't even come close to liking him.all the other actors played their usual styles. tea leoni, richard schiff, and bill nunn did nothing to change their established personas developed on tv or in earlier films. and kim basinger wasn't even in the film long enough to deliver a performance of any kind.the movie's story had no momentum. most scenes never driving the story forward, but rather just collecting factoids about characters which later came into play in an anti-climactic ending. it had potential except for their unwillingness to build upon the story.whats the point of the film? daniel algrant and jon robin baitz would have you believe "once hollywood has you, you can't get out." yeah right! and that's why so many people get fired in hollywood.

firstly,i must admit that it isn't a good movie. and,i would never watch this movie if pacino wasn't in it.the movie is about a publicist's strange 24 hours.and he is overworked,dizzy,sick and sometimes regretful.i don't like the character at all.it's really boring,after 20 minutes you may fall asleep.and i don't understand why pacino wanted to be a part of this horrible movie.just because of money or what?since i'm an avid pacino fan,i bought this 2002 movie people i know.if you haven't bought it yet,don't even think about it,it's just a waste of time.

much as we all love al pacino, it was painful to see him in this movie. a publicity hack at the grubby ending of what seems to have once been a distinguished and idealistic career pacino plays his part looking like an unmade bed and assaulting everyone with a totally bogus and inconsistent southern accent.the plot spools out this way and that with so many loose ends and improbabilities that the mind reels (and then retreats).kim basinger is there, not doing much. her scenes with pacino are flat and unconvincing. hard to believe they meant a lot to each other. there's no energy there.tea leone, on the other hand, lit up the screen. she was electric and her scenes with pacino were by far the most interesting in the movie, but not enough to save al from embarrassment.

the only good thing about "people i know" is that it serves as a perfect example of movies that al pacino should avoid performing in. the first big turn-off i had was the way in which pacino tried to portray a georgia accent; at times it was weak and unattractive while in other segments it seemed too overdone. dialogue and character interaction was terrible along with a weak plot. the supporting cast did an extremely perfunctory job in keeping the movie interesting, and within an hour i still saw no signs of a sturdy plot. the story overall is a real bore, and i had to slap myself in the face a few times to keep myself awake.this movie will surely bore you as well...avoid at all costs.

the movie is about two stories: one is a political murder of a call-girl, the other an upper-class political party. the crossing point is the public relation character played by al paccino, as he is the witness of the crime and the instigator of the evening.if the script is terrible without any decent dialogs and the directing void of any sense of drama, the performance of al is memorable: how many fellows can be as much convincing as a powerful and feared man (as "the godfather") as here as a little servant (see also "donnie brasco").actually, the big young lion has become a tired old one. this passing of ages is very moving, because it makes the audience ponders about getting old too.but his slowness is only a make-up because he can get back his energy in church scene.maybe it is a good thing that the movie is so awful because it put the starlight on al's talent!

very silly movie, filled with stupid one liners and jewish references thru out. it was a serious movie but could not be taken seriously. a familiar movie plot...being at the wrong place at the wrong time. an atrocious subplot, involving kim bassinger. very robotic and too regimented. i have noticed that al pacinos acting abilities seem to be going downhill. a troubleshooter with troubles , but nothing more troubling than pacinos horrible atlanta accent. damage control needs to fix this damage of a film. ok my one liners are bad, but not as bad as the ones in this film. this movie manages to not only be boring but revolting as well. usually a revolting film is watchable for the wrong reasons. this movie is unwatchable. i did manage to sit through this. the plot ,if written a tad bit better, with , perhaps a little better acting and eliminating the horrendous subplot,and even dumber jokes, could have pulled this thriller out of the doldrums. what we are left with is a dull, silly movie that made sure it was drilled into our heads that eli wurman was jewish. an embarrassment to all the good jewish folk everywhere.

"people i know" is a clunker with no one to root for and no one to care about -- despite the game efforts of a talented cast.pacino delivers his usual tour de force as eli wurman, a past-his-prime publicity agent hollowed out by a lifetime of moral corruption. but unlike michael corleone, it's impossible to have an emotional investment in this character, his dilemma, or his fate.the film traces eli's preparations for a benefit for a liberal political cause, while distracted by a client's (ryan o'neal, good in an underwritten part) latest "dirty laundry" -- in this case, a tv actress companion who's gotten involved with the wrong people. tea leoni brings her customary star power to this supporting role, although again, the script doesn't give her much to work with. as eli's sister-in-law, kim basinger manages to evoke sympathy despite implausible plot mechanics.this movie is strictly for those who like watching pacino strut his stuff, and enjoy the other principals. unfortunately, between the script and direction, "people i know" is strictly amateurish. hence its limited theatrical release, and speedy journey to dvd. consider yourself warned.

this is a truly terrible film.i'm only writing this so that some people somewhere are put off watching it. if i have stopped one person from wasting some of their precious life watching this film i shall die happy.unutterably dull, although since it stars al pacino i was fooled into thinking that at any moment something interesting was going to happen. then the credits rolled, and i realised i had been completely fooled into watching this unbelievable drivel.i cannot believe that this film has achieved as high a score as it has at imdb (over 5 stars when i last saw the voting). are you people voting ironically?please, please, please do not watch this film!

yes, mtv there really is a way to market daria. what started as a clever teenage angst-"comment on everything that sucks and make the viewer feel better about their sucky teenage life" sitcom now mutated into a "how you should deal with your problems"-charade. i used to watch daria all the time and loved it. now, sitting here after watching the so called "movie" i can only wonder what the point of this all was. daria tells us how to lead out life in college? excuse me? didn't the point daria made every episode that what you like to do is ok, as long as it is ok with yourself no matter what the rest of the sick sad world thinks of it? this entire thing reminded me of the scene in "reality bites" the movie channel shows the documentry for the first time.

i wanted to watch this movie, but one bizarre ridiculous scene after another forced me to shut it off. character's don't seem to react to anything. consider this: heath ledger is walking a night (through a cemetery i believe) when he is attacked by spirits, which he drives away. once past this ordeal he calmly walks away and meets up with a friend that saw it all. when asked what happen he says blandly "attacked by demons, nothing serious.", as if this is only a little more exciting than a flat tire.i shut it off when they go to ask something-a demon or something, i stopped caring-a ques ion. the answer can only be rented out of someone with the energy of their death, and the priest watch in what appears to be vague annoyance as a man is strung up and hung and they ask his thrashing, dying body question.0 out of **** stars.

the orders fatal flaw-besides an asinine plot-is that the character's simply don't resonate or even react.two examples: a priest, walking through a graveyard late at night, is suddenly attacked by ghostly spirits. after fighting them off, he calmly resumes his walk when his buddy come up. "anything wrong?" his buddy asks, having seen the attack. "just some demonic spirits-nothing i couldn't handle." no reaction, no surprise, just like he'd changed a tire. his buddy is equally unconcerned... must be standard priest training... ["and then you put the wafer into their mouths. any questions? ok, moving on, demon spirit attacks..."]example two: at one point the priests need an answer to a question, and only a demon (or something, who cared by now) could provide it. how? why, you have to ask a dying man! so the demon has some random person hung in front of the two priests so they can ask their question to the thrashing, gasping man. "hey, don't kill him!" or maybe "that's not nice!" would have been more realistic then their response. they never ask that they let the man go or stop-in fact, the closest to reacting they get is mild annoyance. they ask their question and go.i had to shut it off at that point-my brain was starting to atrophy.avoid* / **** (one star out of four)

this really is the worst film i have ever seen. ever. period. i actually paid £3.50 to watch this steaming turd of a movie. incredibly dull, poorly acted, dire script, often incoherent and too many scenes that don't seem to have any relevance to the overall film (like when heath ledger's priest partner get's nailed to a wall by a ghost...what was the point in that scene? answers on a postcard please...)i should have got a medal for sticking with this film for it's entire running time. i would rather take a strong kick to the groin than sit through this film again.this should be cast into imdb's bottom 100. hopefully my vote of 1/10 will help it on it's way.

always enjoy great films which deal with the super-natural and the deep thoughts of the spiritual world. however, this film just turned me off as far as its production and direction. there is nothing to go into deep discussion about what this story has to tell; all i can say is that it was a big waste of time and effort to put it on the big screen. the actors, namely: mark addy, thomas garrett, gave an outstanding performance in his native land england, and we have seen him in "still standing" a tv series. heath ledger, played the real wicked dude and we have recently viewed him in "brokeback mountain",'05, gave a great supporting role. shannyn sossaman, (mara sinclair), did a good job of seducing a priest from a church not recognized by any faith. don't waste your time, you will be sorry!

first of all, i have to say i have worked for blockbuster and have seen quite a few movies to the point its tough for me to find something i haven't seen. taking this into account, i want everyone to know that this movie was by far the worst film ever made, it made me pine for gigli, my boss's daughter, and any other piece of junk you've ever seen. belyt must be out of his mind, i've only found one person who liked it and even they couldn't tell me what the movie was about. if you are able to decipher this movie and are able to tell me what it was about you have to either be the writer or a fortune teller because there's any other way a person could figure this crap out.for the love of g-d stay away!

the order starts in rome where the head of a special order of priests who deal in ghosts & demons named brother dominic (francesco carnelutti) is found dead, cut to new york city where one of his order alex bernier (heath ledger) is contacted by top-brass cardinal driscoll (peter weller) who ask's him to investigate the mysterious circumstances surrounding dominic's death. along with his girlfriend mara willims (shannyn sossamon) & fellow priest thomas garrett (mark addy) alex travels to italy to delve into his mentor's death, as the truth begins to emerge it appears that dominic was a 'sin eater' someone who absorbed other's sins & lived with the burden of them so they could die peacefully & that the church wasn't happy about his activities. alex must do what's right even if it goes against what he believes...also know under the title the sin eater this american german co-production was written, produced & directed by bian helgeland & didn't really do that much for me if i'm honest & i usually am, honest that is. anyway lets start with the mess of a script that has some ok ideas but it's throughly predictable, excruciatingly dull & boring, really silly at times & it takes itself far too seriously. the whole concept is daft & while it thinks it's clever with it's oh so neat twist ending that ties everything up & brings the story full circle i thought it was the most obvious & lazy way to end things. there's the usual religious themes here, morality, sin, forgiveness, faith, belief, prophecy's, blah, blah, blah you know the sort of thing. then there's the twists which aren't hard to see coming, there's the abuse of power by high ranking clergymen, corruption, greed, evil, etc. you know the sort of clichéd hollywood ideals & themes that get reused every time it deals with the church. the order has nothing new to say & as a serious piece of film-making it sucks, a lot. i'm not too sure who the order is meant to appeal to, as a die-hard horror fan i didn't see much horror in this at all, as a thriller it's less than thrilling, as a mystery it's too predictable & there's nothing here to really grip or maintain ones interest & for some reason i cannot figure out the imdb also lists the order as an action film which is absurd as it's as exciting & action-packed as the average episode of sesame street (1969 - present), harsh maybe but it's what i think...director helgeland does an ok job, the film seems to have a very soft lighting scheme & it all looks a bit drab, grayish & dull. for a supposed horror film the order is very light on scares or horror elements, in fact there aren't any of either apart from two evil kids who can turn into a flock of birds for no apparent reason, don't ask. forget about any gore or violence as there isn't any which is fine but it would have helped at least make the order somewhat watchable. according the imdb's 'trivia' section the release date of the order was put back so some of the special effects could be improved because they looked unintentionally funny, all i can say is judging by the finished film the effects must have been really bad to start with because they aren't exactly brilliant as it stands now.i was amazed to see the order had a budget of about $28,000,000 which is a hell of a lot of money & i just can't see where it all went apart from the sets & production design which are good. the whole film looks & feels very average & utterly forgettable. the acting is ok although the annoying fat guy who seems to be some sort of foul-mouthed comic relief irritates, a good actor such as peter weller deserves better than this.the order, i prefer the title the sin eater actually not that it matters too much, misses all of it's intended targets by the proverbial mile as far as i'm concerned & is a pretty dull way to waste 100 odd minutes of your life so don't do it! not recommended.

this film is just plain horrible. john ritter doing pratt falls, 75% of the actors delivering their lines as if they were reading them from cue cards, poor editing, horrible sound mixing (dialogue is tough to pick up in places over the background noise), and a plot that really goes nowhere. i didn't think i'd ever say this, but dorothy stratten is not the worst actress in this film. there are at least 3 others that suck more. patti hansen delivers her lines with the passion of ben stein. i started to wonder if she wasn't dead inside. even bogdanovich's kids are awful (the oldest one is definitely reading her lines from a cue card). this movie is seriously horrible. there's a reason bogdanovich couldn't get another project until 4 years later. please don't watch it. if you see it in your television listings, cancel your cable. if a friend suggests it to you, reconsider your friendship. if your spouse wants to watch it, you're better off finding another soulmate. i'd rather gouge my eyes out with lawn darts than sit through this piece of garbage again. if i could sum this film up in one word, that word would be: suckotrocity

lolita is a rebel and she's going to share to our wide open eyes some little sex stories, between sci-fi and fantasy... well, this surrender cinema production is not very good: very bad acting, horrifying music and a story line without any story and any line. but, the sex scenes are pretty well done, lot of lesbian scenes, and jacqueline lovell, as beautiful as in the exotic house of wax, offer to us a very good final and very hot strip show. for lovell's fans only.

cybil richards directs another full moon/surrender cinema masterpiece of erotica. this time jacqualine lovell (dressed in rather fetching silver outfit) is tasked with destroying all evidence of sexual activity. however she can't resist watching the tapes and she kinda likes them. the sex scenes are well filmed and set to a superb soundtrack (at least for this sort of film). the cast are largely awful and mainly very average looking too. jacqueline lovell is her exceptionally attractive self and between viewing the sex files she manages to expose her chest and fumble a little down below. she also fits in a little lesbian activity. to be honest lovell deserves so much better than this kind of fare. here she looks great naked but actually is much more appealing in her silver attire narrating the 'drama'. utterly rubbish movie with lovell and soundtrack the only real redeeming features. mediocre even for surrender's output and clearly a new budget low for them also.

i watched the movie, and was dismayed to say the least that the movie failed to communicate with me as an audience. the language would put to shame the street loafers.the plot; a father forcing none of his son to marry, seems far-fetched. the idea of a grandmother asking her grand kid to mess up with an enemy would only draw feeble minded's attention....and i was waiting the whole movie for a laugh, and laugh i did on my stupidity to waste 3 hours to convince myself that the movie is not even worth a first look.hope it saves your time!

...and even then, even they can live without seeing it. to be honest, this film (if one deigns to call it that) is of real interest only to bondage freaks. bettie page fans will learn absolutely nothing new (and i do mean *nothing*), nor will they enjoy the warm fuzzies of experiencing anything familiar, loved, or cherished.nevermind the abysmal screenplay, the wooden, less-than-community-theater acting, the utter absence of direction, the crappy lighting, or any of the rest of the bargain basement production values. this is definitely "hey, kids, let's make a movie!" movie-making of the lowest order. i suppose one could be thankful that at least they knew how to run the camera. no, i'm sorry to say that none of that is germane to why this thing is so outright *wrong*.it's wrong because the young lady playing bettie page, a somewhat zaftig girl whose only resemblance to the queen of curves is dark hair and the trademark bangs, utterly fails to bring anything to the role beyond a willingness to be bound and gagged. this is apparently a good thing for her film career before and since this wretched excess, but not for the wretched excess itself, which consists primarily of a number of lovingly re-enacted b&d set-pieces sandwiched between horrendously awful faux-biographical scenes delineating ms. page's fall from grace (so to speak). there's actually probably more information, per se, about page's life in the opening and closing credits than the rest of the movie.do not be fooled. this is not a worthy companion film to "the notorious bettie page." this is not a worthy film at all. this is a fetish piece that trades on the allure of one of the greatest pin-ups of all time, and does it without class, without style, and without any real sense of understanding the character of bettie page whatsoever. no true bettie page fan will find it to be anything but a disappointment, i guarantee that.avoid at all costs. if free, remember that time is money, too. yours may not be worth much, but i'm betting it's worth enough that you'll be sorry you wasted time with this one. that's it, i'm done, you've been warned.

this documentary is a reenactment of the last few years of betty page's(paige richards) career. the tennessee tease was the most recognizable pin-up queen in history. her most memorable work came in the 1950's and was fetish photos, bondage and cat-fight "girly flicks". irving klaw(dukey flyswatter)at his movie star news instructed betty on what to do in front of the camera. there was no nudity in the famous photos or "stag films", but nonetheless, klaw was charged with distributing obscene materials and was ordered to destroy them to avoid prosecution. it is no surprise that betty had a cult following at the height of her career. the girl-next-door with jet black hair, blue eyes and an hour glass figure dressed in fetish gear or not would mesmerize for decades. after all, it has been said that she was photographed more than marilyn monroe and second only to the most photographed image in the world, elvis presley. betty page would disappear and devote her last years to religion. this movie actually could have been a lot better; but good enough to hold interest.miss richards is stunning in her own right. bra, panties, garter belt and hose do not hurt her image in the least. also in the cast: jaimie henkin, jana strain, emily marilyn and julie simone. be advised this movie can change your heart rate.

a gave it a "2" instead of a "1" (awful) because there is no denying that many of the visuals were stunning, a lot of talent went into the special effects and artwork. but that wasn't enough to save it.the "sepia" toned, washed out colors sort of thing has been done before many times in other movies. nothing new there. i can see there were some hat-tips to other old, classic movies. ok. no problem with that.but a movie has got to be entertaining and interesting, not something that would put you to sleep.the story line and the script of this movie was awful, the characters two dimensional. slow moving. some of the scenes were pretty to look at, but ultimately, as a whole, it was quite boring, i couldn't recommend it.

visually stunning? most definitely. i have seen few films look this good in some time. sky captain and the world of tomorrow uses striking cinematography, computer graphics, and creative futuristic designs to create a world that is historically familiar yet something quite fresh. the time period seems to be the 1930s or early 40s. the movie tells of recent attacks on new york city by mechanized armies stealing generators and the like for some inexplicable reason. also, mysterious disappearances of relevant scientific minds coincide. who can stop them and save the world? alright, it doesn't take a leap of faith to know it is the sky captain himself with his wisecracking reporter girlfriend always hot for a lead, and in the wings his trusty, thoroughly competent sidekick. what sky captain has in atmosphere and graphics it lacks in storytelling and characterization. the plot for this film is ridiculous. that being said, the film is going for a serial-like feeling of film serials of yesteryear. they had pretty far out stories and bad acting - but none of them, and i mean none of them, had the budget and big names this film had. two academy award winning performers and jude law could keep a film afloat, one would think, but sky captain sinks miserably. despite its fantastic dark look, i found myself wishing the film would just end and i could get on with my life. i had little interest in a story that generated little interest. i didn't care at all for any of the glib portrayals. paltrow was just awful. jolie was a joke with a role with virtually no substance. law cannot carry the one-liner tradition all too squarely on his limited shoulders. i mean, let's face it, he's not will smith, mel gibson, or even wesley snipes. the sad thing about sky captain, at least for me, was that it held so much promise yet delivered so little. i was bored ten minutes into the film - waiting for something to hook my interest - and it never came.

i like the time period, i like the attempt, but watching a movie that looks like i'm looking at it through a coke bottle gives me a headache. if i played computer games that were this blurry and out of focus, i would upgrade my computer. could be that this was the look the director was after, but not so it hurts the eyes and you want to leave after 10 minutes. if i hadn't taken someone with me to this film, i was out of there. even though it was a series and not a movie per say, band of brothers accomplished this. they made it look like wwii footage, with just a touch of graininess, but it was still a pleasure to watch. movies need real people, with real sets, and real locations; use cgi when it is appropriate, not for an entire film.

sky captain is possibly the best awful movie i've seen in a long while. rife with amazing cg and special effects, studded with an a-list cast (jude law, gwyneth paltrow, angelina jolie and the infinitely likable giovanni ribisi) and racing along with an overused but indiana jones-esquire storyline, this should have been a great movie to watch.'should have' being the key term here, of course.jude law plays joe the sky captain with a dashing accent and plenty of over-the-shoulder, heart-melting smirks, but you can't make something out of nothing, and even his flippant deliveries and boyish good looks can't save the movie's stone dialogue. (if he had slapped giovanni ribisi on the back and said, "good boy, dex," just one more time, i might have barfed all over the guy in front of me.) gwyneth paltrow, as polly perkins, is nothing less than nerve grating. her nasal whining and not-quite-sarcastic comments get old in the first ten minutes of the movie. perhaps she put too much effort into playing the stereotypical 30's comic book heroine- who knows? i expected more from her. an example of how a similar character was played (and played well) is in the late 90's flick "the phantom," starring kristy swanson and billy zane. rent the movie and you'll know what i mean.giovanni ribisi and angelina jolie were the saving graces in the film. (angelina jolie was incredibly hot in that eyepatch. i'll admit it.) in just a few short scenes, both actors somehow managed to rise above the tired material and deliver a more riveting performance than their dry, two-dimensional castmates.the plot and steady story progression were old, boring, and basically just a monotonous combination of every good scene from an action movie in the past thirty years. the pace is rapid-fire in the first half of the movie, and a snail's pace in the second, giving the audience enough time not only to guess the eventual conclusion of the film, but to figure out who the key villain is as well. the pairing is rather clichéd, also- polly perkins and sky captain apparently reunite after several years of separation from a bitterly-ended romance, and their story isn't so much charming and eclectic as it is annoying and mismatched. when they finally come to terms with their mutual feelings towards the end of the film, nobody's surprised, and nobody really cares either.props to the director for appreciating bai ling enough to dress her in skintight vinyl for the entirety of the film, and also for the intriguing sepia tones that served as coloration throughout. but sky captain, despite having all the essential elements of being a great movie, falls flat on its face. not even worth the $2.75 i paid to get into the theater.

"sky captain" may be considered an homage to comic books, pulp adventures and movie serials but it contains little of the magic of some of the best from those genres. one contributor says that enjoyment of the film depends on whether or not one recognizes the films influences. i don't think this is at all true. one's expectations of the films,fiction and serials that "captain" pays tribute to were entirely different. especially so for those who experienced those entertainments when they were children. this film is almost completely devoid of the charm and magnetic attraction of those. of course we know the leads will get into and out of scrapes but there has to be some tension and drama. toward the climax of "captain" law and paltrow have ten minutes to prevent catastrophe and by the time they get down to five minutes they are walking not running toward their goal. they take time out for long looks and unnecessary conversation and the contemplation of a fallen foe with 30 seconds left to tragedy. of course one expects certain conventions to be included but a good director would have kept up some sense of urgency.one doesn't expect films like this to necessarily "make sense". one does expect them to be fun, thrilling and to have some sense of interior logic. "captain" has almost none. remember when law and paltrow are being pursued by the winged creatures and they reach a huge chasm which they cross via a log bridge? well how come they are perfectly safe from those creatures when they reach the other side? they can fly!!! the chasm itself means nothing to them. the bridge is unnecessary for them so where is the escape? if the land across the chasm is 'forbidden' to the flying creatures the film made no effort to let us know how or why or even if.i know that paltrow and law (both of whom have given fine performances in the past) were playing "types" but both were pretty flat. only giovanni ribisi (who showed himself capable of great nuance here) and angelina jolie seemed to give any "oomph" to their roles although omid djalili seemed like he could have handled a little more if he'd only been given the chance. he did a pretty good job anyway considering how he was basically wasted.the film had a great 'look' but there are so many ways in which cgi distracts. cgi works best when it is used for the fantastical, when it is used to create creatures who don't exist in nature or for scientific or magical spectacular. when it is used to substitute for natural locations it disappoints. there is no real sense of wonder. a cgi mountain doesn't have any of the stateliness or sense of awe and foreboding that a real mountain does. i know that the design of this film was quite deliberate and it wasn't necessarily supposed to look real but shouldn't it feel that way? it just didn't. as for the weak and clichéd script...homage is no excuse. even so, had the movie had some thrills and dramatic tension it might still have been enjoyable. "the last samurai" was as predictable as the days of the week and i am no fan of tom cruise but it had everything that "captain" didn't most notably it drew the viewer into its world and made us accept its rules and way of being in a way that "sky captain" most definitely did not.i'd like to see a similar approach taken for films about comic book heroes of the 30's and 40's. the original (jay garrick) flash or green lantern (alan scott) come to mind as being ripe for such treatment. maybe the better, more well known and fully realized characters that those character are would make for a much better film. it would be hard to be worse.

visually interesting, but falls flat in the originality department. this tedious excercise in technique wears thin after the opening battle. jude law has the charisma of burnt toast, but in his defense this film contains some of the worst dialogue i have ever seen on the big screen. in fact the script is so poor that it keeps taking you out of the film, and had me thinking about work, bills, my dogs, etc. there are many moments that scream bluescreen. paltrow is as wooden as they get. this could of been saved by snappy film noir dialogue or over the top camp. my only complaint on the technique is that black & white film (sorry, computer) would of helped because it looks like turner colorized black and white. just a big dull cliché mess. i would rather break my femur than sit through this endurance test again.

"sky captain and the world of tomorrow" (an amazingly incovenient title) is simply a bad movie; it has no heart, no deep ideas, nothing very special about it. yes, the cgi backgrounds look interesting, but the result is that the whole thing is shot in an annoying soft focus. additionally, the movie uses music the same way as, say, "gilligan's island" or the scooby-doo cartoons-- it never stops. terribly, simply terrible. there are no fresh ideas, either, just gobs and gobs and gobs and... etc., of bits taken from older movies and serials. there is no gatekeeper here, the movie just seems to exist because it can. save your money and your time. not entertaining at all.

in a word, this film was boring. it lacked life and spark. a big problem is with the two leads. jude law and gwyneth paltrow had no chemistry whatsoever. he was boring, and she was annoying. the visuals were interesting, but they didn't enhance the scenes. if anything, the visuals tended to detach the audience from what was happening on screen. none of the action sequences felt real, and hence, the film failed to create any real drama or a sense of danger.the film had potential, but it needed a better script, better acting, and a better director. i kept thinking during the film, you know, this movie would've worked if harrison ford was sky captain, karen allen was polly, and steven spielberg was the director. ignore the critical acclaims for this film. the critics i think are praising the film because they *want* to like it and want it to succeed even though it fails on so many different levels.

what a waste of time! i've tried to sit through 'sky captain.." about 6 times, and every time, within about 3 minutes, i start doing something else - anything else! it's a downright boring movie, the acting is terrible, the writing dull, and obviously a first-time director, because it's stiff. and i wanted to love it. i love sci-fi, the old cliffhangers, and i can appreciate the attempt at nods to flash gordon, and metropolis, but my god, what a waste of money. i used to work for paramount pictures, and i had written sherry lansing in 1993 about using blue screen for screen tests. she told me they'd never have an interest or need to do it. 10 years later, paramount releases this piece of crap. sherry was right in 1993, but must have forgotten her own advice when she greenlighted this dog. blue screen an effect shot, but not an entire movie. let's not forget, neither jude nor jolie are terrific actors (but easy on the eyes). paltrow's performance reminds me of a high school effort. too bad - it could've worked, but only under a skilled director. the funny thing is, sky captain's director will keep getting work, even after this dreck. it's commerce, not art!

today i found "they all laughed" on vhs on sale in a rental. it was a really old and very used vhs, i had no information about this movie, but i liked the references listed on its cover: the names of peter bogdanovich, audrey hepburn, john ritter and specially dorothy stratten attracted me, the price was very low and i decided to risk and buy it. i searched imdb, and the user rating of 6.0 was an excellent reference. i looked in "mick martin & marsha porter video & dvd guide 2003" and  wow  four stars! so, i decided that i could not waste more time and immediately see it. indeed, i have just finished watching "they all laughed" and i found it a very boring overrated movie. the characters are badly developed, and i spent lots of minutes to understand their roles in the story. the plot is supposed to be funny (private eyes who fall in love for the women they are chasing), but i have not laughed along the whole story. the coincidences, in a huge city like new york, are ridiculous. ben gazarra as an attractive and very seductive man, with the women falling for him as if her were a brad pitt, antonio banderas or george clooney, is quite ridiculous. in the end, the greater attractions certainly are the presence of the playboy centerfold and playmate of the year dorothy stratten, murdered by her husband pretty after the release of this movie, and whose life was showed in "star 80" and "death of a centerfold: the dorothy stratten story"; the amazing beauty of the sexy patti hansen, the future mrs. keith richards; the always wonderful, even being fifty-two years old, audrey hepburn; and the song "amigo", from roberto carlos. although i do not like him, roberto carlos has been the most popular brazilian singer since the end of the 60's and is called by his fans as "the king". i will keep this movie in my collection only because of these attractions (manly dorothy stratten). my vote is four.title (brazil): "muito riso e muita alegria" ("many laughs and lots of happiness")

set in a post-apocalyptic environment, cyborgs led by warlord job rein over the human population. they basically keep them as livestock, as they need fresh human blood to live off. nea and her brother managed to survive one of their attacks when she was a kid, and years have past when she came face-to-face with the cyborgs again, but this time she's saved by the cyborg gabriel, who was created to destroy all cyborgs. job and his men are on their way to capture a largely populated city, while nea (with revenge on mind) pleads gabriel to train her in the way of killing cyborgs and she'll get him to gabriel.cheap low-rent cyborg / post-apocalyptic foray by writer / director albert pyun (who made "cyborg" prior to it and the blistering "nemsis" the same year) is reasonably a misguided hunk of junk with some interesting novelties. very little structure makes its way into the threadbare story, as the turgid script is weak, corny and overstated. the leaden banter tries to be witty, but it pretty much stinks and comes across being comical in the unintentional moments. most of the occurring actions are pretty senseless and routine. the material could've used another polish up, as it was an inspired idea swallowed up by lazy inclusions, lack of a narrative and an almost jokey tone. the open-ended, cliffhanger conclusion is just too abrupt, especially since a sequel has yet to be made. makes it feel like that that run out of money, and said "time to pack up. let's finish it off another day (or maybe in another decade). there's no rush." however it did find it rather diverting, thanks largely to its quick pace, some well-executed combat and george mooradian's gliding cinematography that beautifully captured the visually arresting backdrop. performances are fair. kris kristofferson's dry and steely persona works perfectly as gabriel and a self-assured, psychically capable kathy long pulls off the stunts expertly and with aggression. however her acting is too wooden. a mugging lance henriksen gives a mouth-watering performance of pure ham, as the villainous cyborg leader job who constantly having a saliva meltdown. scott paulin also drums up plenty of gleefulness as one of the cyborgs and gary daniels pouts about as one too. pyun strikes up few exciting martial art set pieces, involving some flashy vigour and gratuitous slow-motion. seeping into the background is a scorching, but mechanical sounding music score. the special effects and make-up fx stand up fine enough. watchable, but not quite a success and it's minimal limitations can be a cause of that.

every once in a while i will rent an action/adventure film just as a way to relax and occupy my mind with nothing important. this is why i own a copy of charlie's angels (2000) - not a quality film, but it makes me laugh and allows me to unwind for a while. one of these days i will probably buy copies of the princess bride and a few monty python movies for much the same reason.in any case, i rented this film because i wanted to be entertained without being challenged. for the most part, i got what i wanted. the plot was something along the lines of a poorly written xena episode, and the kathy long's acting was very community theater (not bad for a professional kick boxer and amateur actress). there were a few high points on the part of the cyborgs. somehow they managed to get some pretty good actors to play the bad guys - unfortunately, most of them die pretty darned quick.like most martial arts films, the further you get into the movie, the more emphasis there is on action, and the plot (which wasn't strong to begin with) deteriorates almost as quickly as the acting. however, the more kathy long fights, the more time the director devotes to her backside. by the end of the movie i was seriously considering watching it a second time just to count the number of times kathy long's tight red shorts were center screen.unfortunately, there just wasn't enough meat to this film to make satisfying curiosity worth seeing the film a second time. if you are a hard core xena fan in need of something to wile away a few hours - by all means, go to the grocery store and spend the .50 cents on the rental. there are some strong similarities between the show and this movie.just don't expect anything more than to be mildly amused for a few hours.unless, of course, you happen to like kathy long's derrière. then you might want to purchase a copy.

as big as a texas prairie and equally as boring. even liz taylor, james dean, chill wills, and dennis hopper can't float this overbloated boat. taylor actually looks bad--wrong wardrobe, wrong hair, and wrong makeup--a unique accomplishment in her remarkable career. hopper gives the only believable performance, and dean in the climactic scene displays remarkable talent as something we usually don't remember him for--a comic actor. rock hudson is his usual prototype of barbie doll ken and makes one wonder what a, say, redford could have done with the male lead. there is no discernible plot that provides any tension until the final twenty minutes, just a pastiche of milestones that have little relationship to each other. except for hopper, there is no character development, only a collection of cardboard cutouts that pop up periodically for no discernible reason like random targets in a shooting gallery. to its credit, the film does tackle racism and sexism at a time when they were taboo subjects, and it does have size, making it an excellent choice for ridding yourself of unwelcome house guests. those with the dvd version can spare themselves some of the tedium by starting with the second disk. you won't be missing anything of interest.

this movie is just crap. even though the directors claim to be part of that oi-culture, it's still a very, very bad directorial debut. the topic itself is very interesting and i accept the bad acting due to the fact, that they are all amateurs and never acted before, but the worst thing about this film are the dialogs and very unexperienced and naive directing. there's no timing at all in that movie. i felt like the directors were so exited to do that movie (it's their first feature), that they actually never really asked themselves, what story they wanna tell. i met ben (one of the directors) on several occasions and he's a nice and thoughtful guy, but that doesn't make him a director. i think, that "american history x" is full of clichés, but somehow manages to transport a story. "oi!warning" is full of clichés, doesn't tell anything new or provocative and (-that's the sad thing about this movie) it's far from any oi!-reality.if you wanna see weird but great german films, watch the movies of michael haneke, christoph schlingensief, oskar roehler, hans weingartner or oliver hirschbiegel:benny's video funny games die unberührbare mein letzter film das experiment das weisse rauschen muxmäuschenstill ...*** out of ten, because of the topic and the photography

here's yet another blasphemous european story in which they blast the religion of their country. (these atheist filmmakers are relentless.) here we see a brutal blasting of catholics and/or the catholic clergy (and i am not catholic).this won actually won an academy award for bes foreign film. that's probably because the story made catholics and religious belief in general look extremely weak. one of the main characters is a priest and he cares more about food than anything else. he's portrayed as nothing but an idiot. no wonder the secular- dominated academy loved this movie.also, there is some overacting fool who plays a guy who renounces his religion so he can marry one of the four daughters featured in the story. the daughters take turns seducing the "seminary" student (who states he studied for six years but says he's an agnostic!). i mean, how blasphemous is this film??!!!this is a disgrace and another excellent example of the secular-progressive bigotry of the film business, worldwide (not just hollywood).

i recently watched belle epoque, thinking it might be wonderful as it did win an oscar for best foreign language film. i was a bit underwhelmed by the predictability and simplicity of the film. maybe the conflict i had was that from the time the movie was filmed to now, the plot of a man falling for beautiful women and eventually falling for the good girl has been done so many times. aside from predictability of the plot, some scenes in the film felt really out of place with the storyline (ex. a certain event at the wedding). at times the film was a bit preachy in it's ideas and in relation to the franco era the film was set in and the church. the only thing the film had going for it was the cutesy moments, the scenery, and the character of violeta being a strong, independent woman during times when women were not really associated with those characteristics.

an allegation of aggravated sexual assault along with some other unpleasant peccadilloes, including improper use of a broom, are made against half a dozen or so of the most popular high-school jocks in glen ridge, new jersey, by a "mildly retarded" student (heather matarazzo). the investigation and building of the case are handed over to the da's office, where ally sheedy and eric stoltz are put in charge.rumors about the case spread through glen ridge, an upper-middle-class suburb where the jocks are adored by everyone in the community. (one of their fathers is a police lieutenant.) nobody believes matarazzo. "our boys would never take a slut like that down to the basement, rape her, and subject her to such sexual humiliation." the question is whether sheedy and stoltz will ever be able to shape a sufficiently cogent case that they can bring the jocks to trial. matarazzo is not an ideal plaintiff. she's desperate for love and friendship, and that makes it easy for faux friends to mislead her into making false statements. a slimy reporter says, "you can trust me," but it turns out the reporter can't be trusted at all. another student, a very popular girl in school, pulls a linda tripp on matarazzo, pretending to be her bosom buddy but all the while asking her leading questions about the incident -- and taping the results! as a consequence, watching this story unfold is like being on a roller coaster. at first it looks like a good case for sheedy and stoltz. but then, oops, the community organizes against the law. then it looks good again. but then the reporter interferes. then that obstacle is no sooner overcome, than linda tripp pokes her big nose into the investigation and makes public the tapes that seem to indicate matarazzo was lying. (well, actually, she was lying -- but she was lying to her interrogator in order to please her.) then that's overcome, but matarazzo objects to taking the stand because she doesn't want to be characterized as "retarded." eric stoltz is fine in the part of the prosecutor. i say that for the simple reason that he and i lived in pago pago around the same time. (i hope he wasn't the kid i had that altercation with at the bar of the seaside club. if he was, i take back my compliment.) ally sheedy is a strange actress and hard to characterize. she did a marvelous self-restrained job in "fine art" but i didn't sense any particular effort being put into this role, which was rather formulaic anyway. i mean, neither she nor stoltz nor anyone else could give a bravura performance in what's essentially a comic book story.the producers and director had the good sense to choose heather matarazzo for the role of victim. the very worst thing they could have done is cast an ethereally lovely, neotenous blond. instead, matarazzo, without being at all ugly, looks rather plain and this ordinary quality is complemented by her grooming and make up. nor have the writers turned her wistful and gentle. she has a temper and is sometimes irritating to listen to, which is all for the good.matarazzo's character is the best drawn in the film. the jocks are stereotypes. pure evil. they think themselves above the law, barge in on some nice girl's party in east orange, trash the place during a party far worse than "la dolce vita's" climactic orgy, and leave without explanation or apology. they deserve to get it in the neck -- and they do.i referred to this as a comic book story and that's pretty much what it is. it challenges none of our prejudices. it reaffirms out belief that the world can be divided into good and evil. and we don't have a moment's doubt about who's who. what i'm waiting for -- not really, that's just rhetorical -- is a movie almost exactly like this one and a dozen others, but in which the victim is lying in order to get her name and photo in the papers and garner all those sympathy chips from right-thinking folk like the rest of us.the film is based on a true story, as are so many others we've all seen, and even more fictional features. (eg., "the accused".) some are good, some are strictly routine. okay. fair enough. now when do we get to see a film about the tawana brawley case, in which the teen-aged girl disappeared on a whim for a few days, then had her friends strip her, tie her up, and smear her with dirt, so she could claim she'd been abducted and raped by the police? now that would be a challenge in a way this one simply is not.

i am normally a spike lee fan. it takes some time to really get into his "mojo", but once you see the clear message and the ability to tell the story that is close to his heart, lee is a genius. unlike the 25th hour or bamboozled (two of my favorite films of his), there was no clear story in this film. i was able to understand the struggle between washington and the choice to play well or be influenced by others, but for some odd reason lee was never able to get the true feeling out. washington did a decent job with what was handed to him, but you could tell that this was not lee's favorite film. not only did lee direct this film, but he also wrote it. you could tell. the camera work was horrid and the writing only contributed to the decay of the film. this film was coming full circle and it wasn't going to be pretty. lee was not 100% behind this film as he was with do the right thing. of all the films i have seen lee direct, this was the brightest and more modest of his films. it was almost as if he created a hollywood movie instead of one that was all his own. i don't know if he saw the money from do the right thing and ran with it, or what  but this film did not demonstrate his true talent.for anyone out there that has seen this film, and perhaps stopped watching anything directed by spike lee afterwards due to this film, i suggest you give him a second chance. don't get me wrong, i see exactly where you are coming from with this film and why you would want to put this behind you, but lee does grow up. his work becomes more of his own, and you can see the transformation from a desire to make money to just wanting to make good films. it took me awhile to watch the 25th hour, but when i did, it was sheer brilliance. perhaps it was the actors, perhaps the story, but lee crafted an amazing film out of one man's journey into the unknown. i guess that is what i was hoping mo' better blues would turn out to be. this really dark journey into the life of a man that really never grew up, but instead all i got was denzel being denzel. he really is one of the most versatile actors of this generation, and i do consider him the sydney poitier of cinema, but this was not the film to showcase his talent.another issue that i had with this film was the use of spike's sister playing one of the love interests. i don't know about you, and your family, but i do not think that i could have filmed a sex scene with my sister. i don't care who the actor is or how much money i am getting paid, i would never do it. it is just something that i never wish to see, but apparently that is different for spike. he went ahead and showed the full nude image of his sister without any remorse. it was sad and it even made me blush. also, i need somebody to answer me this. what was flavor flav doing introducing this film? so, i am sitting there on my couch, ready to start the film, when suddenly there is a voice from the past spelling out the studio that made this film, then he acknowledges himself. that did not build for a strong remaining of the story. again, i felt that lee was going for money on this film instead of actual talent. perhaps that is how he could afford both denzel and wesley in the same movie without any explosions.there were two great scenes in this film that made it worth watching through to the end. don't get me wrong, this was a very bad movie, but there is always a diamond in every alleyway. the scene when bleek accidentally forgets which woman he is with was mesmerizing. he continually went back and forth, weaving truth to confusion in a way that proved that lee was actually behind the camera. it was a visionary scene that was probably lost in the shuffle due to the remaining poor scenes. the other scene that was worth watching was the way that lee introduced and ended the film. by keeping the same pacing and direction, he was able to bring this tragic character around full circle and give him the chance to change his life. other than these two moments, the rest of the film was pure rubbish, not worth viewing unless you are about to go blind.grade: ** out of *****

things get dull early an often in this in this mawkish jazz bio fiction written and directed by spike lee.bleek gilliam (denzell washington) is a happenin' jazz trumpeter that fronts a quintet packing them in at below the underdog. his problems include an incompetent manager, a stage hogging sax player and two girlfriends that he's playing musical mattress with. the real love of his life though is his trumpet and his music. the band's manager, giant, has a dangerous gambling problem and proves to be an ineffective negotiator with greedy club owners and would be best jettisoned but bleek remains loyal for as long as possible. it will prove to his undoing as an artist but ironically contribute to his growth as a man.as bleek, denzell washington is all wrong as the ambitious trumpeter with a babe on each arm. he's too sweet a guy to be so self centered about his art, dispensing patience and love to those close to him with a low key remoteness. he simply lacks the fire. wesley snipes who plays henderson the sax player would have been far more suited for the role but even he would have to mouth the flaccid throw away scribblings of lee's torpid dialogue. as giant, lee hits the trifecta with an abysmal performance to match his writing and direction. loosely attempting to mirror the grubby but sympathetic ratso rizzo to bleek's joe buck he adopts a limp and even the "i'm walkin' here" moment from midnight cowboy. in this case you wish the taxi would run him over and be done with it.lee's script is all tepid argument, heavy handed ribbing and veiled insult with some requisite clumsy editorializing that lee has to inject to remain down. the scenes between the band members backstage and in rehearsal lack spark and are only surpassed in dreariness by the bleek, giant conversations that have an ad lib look and go in circles. completing this travesty is lee's pretentious visual style. tracking shots, zooms and pans are wasted and without significance to scenes. they just wander.blues is lee's love letter to jazz (made implicit by the mountains of memorabilia plastered all over the sets) and it's all sentimental clap trap that lacks passion and verve. jazz on film is better served by tavernier's "round midnight" and eastwood's "bird" which get below the surface, reveal more sides of the form, the pain behind it in addition to offering infinitely superior lead performances by forrest whitaker and the real deal dexter gordon. this spike lee joint doesn't even offer a mild buzz. it's some pretty bad homegrown.

there are two groups of people...those who love every fellini movie they see and normal people. while i will admit that i have really enjoyed some of his films, i can also honestly say that i can't stand some of them. my opinion, by the way, is not just some knee-jerk reaction--i have seen most of fellini's films and have also seen many films by the world's most famous directors. with this in mind, i feel that the most overrated and annoying directors can be both godard and fellini. they both have delighted in the bizarre and often unwatchable and yet have received gobs of accolades from reviewers and the "intelligensia", while the average person would never sit through some of their films. heck, even a person who loves international cinema would generally be left out in the cold when seeing some of these films. so, since only a small clique actually watches their films and they are already predisposed to seeing the directors as geniuses, it's not surprising that their films are so often praised--it's like a cult! if you don't believe me, think about many of godard's films such as first name carmen or alphaville,...or what about fellini satyricon or juliet of the spirits? these films abound with boredom, weirdness and incomprehensibility. now i am not saying a film can't be weird (after all i love happiness of the katakuris and shaolin soccer), but it must be watchable!now on to this movie. somehow, fellini has managed to make a story about a sexually compulsive man completely boring and unsexy. this is no small task--it took a lot of work to make this so unwatchable. instead of cheap sexual thrills, the sex acts are choreographed in a silly and annoying way while the character of casanova is buried under so much makeup and prosthetics that donald sutherland looks like a ghoul. i know some of this must have been fellini's intention, but many viewers will be left completely bored by this sterile performance--especially since sutherland's lines are all poorly dubbed into italian and so he neither looks nor sounds like himself! unfortunately, when the movie is not wrapped up in these boring sexual escapades, there really isn't anything else to watch.an interesting note about the first sexual conquest shown in this dull movie is that the actress looks amazingly like a younger version of fellini's wife, giulietta masina. considering that in addition to this, that in previous decades fellini had masina play characters such as a prostitute and a horribly abused woman, it seems like he may have truly hated his wife and was having this acted out on screen. i read a bit about them and their tempestuous relationship and it seems to bear this out as well. this is about the only aspect of this turgid film that i found at all interesting. don't say i didn't warn you!

this is certainly one of the most bizarre films ever made - even for fellini. about the only one more bizarre is his satyricon. this is a two and a half hour romp through a strange nightmarish world of decadence, opulence and sexual challenge. sutherland makes a curiously unappealing casanova and the odd goings on in a series of unrelated vignettes taken from the great lover's autobiography fail to engage the viewer. the art direction and costume design are however outstanding. the academy missed on not even nominating the former but did itself justice by rewarding an oscar for the latter. also nominated (oddly) was the disjointed, pointless and almost inacessible screenplay. go figure!! the film on video is only 150 minutes, 16 minutes short of the original running time. this viewer was grateful.

its not the cast. a finer group of actors, you could not find. its not the setting. the director is in love with new york city, and by the end of the film, so are we all! woody allen could not improve upon what bogdonovich has done here. if you are going to fall in love, or find love, manhattan is the place to go. no, the problem with the movie is the script. there is none. the actors fall in love at first sight, words are unnecessary. in the director's own experience in hollywood that is what happens when they go to work on the set. it is reality to him, and his peers, but it is a fantasy to most of us in the real world. so, in the end, the movie is hollow, and shallow, and message-less.

gadar is an example of one of bollywood worst overrated movies ever. directed by anil sharma, who prefers making period related movie gives a rubbish movie. the songs were boring and ain't the kind of song you want to listen to in your car, full volume. sunny deol is famous for making daft movies, where he beats up a 100 bad guys on his own. he even kicks a metal jail door (indian) and kicks a moving car far away (teesri aankh). i can give another 50 examples of disgraceful action by sunny deol. but i'm sure most people know this already. sunny gives a pathetic performance once again repeating the same type of role. a guy claiming to be fighting for his countries piece, by using violence. amisha patel is hands down dead sexy with an amazing body that i would love to bone. but even she couldn't save the film from being a disaster. instead of wearing sexy clothes like she usually does, in this movie she doesn't. maybe cos she was playing a muslim, but she doesn't act like one in the movie. overall, this is a poor show all the way, i'm sure it will appeal to some people, who love seeing the bollywood actor beat up 100 guys. give me a break.

gadar is a really dumb movie because it tells a fake story.it's too unrealistic and is a typical sunny deol movie that is aimed to bash pakistan.the movie's aim is to misguide the viewers so they can think that pakistan and it's government is bad but trying to hide their own flaws won't work.and all the songs and music of the movie are all bad.most likely the sikhs will love th movie cause they are being misguided.the movie sucks and sucks with power. i think only amisha patel was good in the movie. if i can give 0 out of 10 i would but the lowest is 1.please save 3 hours of your life and do not watch this stupid boring movie .disaster.

never cast models and playboy bunnies in your films! bob fosse's "star 80" about dorothy stratten, of whom bogdanovich was obsessed enough to have married her sister after her murder at the hands of her low-life husband, is a zillion times more interesting than dorothy herself on the silver screen. patty hansen is no actress either..i expected to see some sort of lost masterpiece a la orson welles but instead got audrey hepburn cavorting in jeans and a god-awful "poodlesque" hair-do....very disappointing...."paper moon" and "the last picture show" i could watch again and again. this clunker i could barely sit through once. this movie was reputedly not released because of the brouhaha surrounding ms. stratten's tawdry death; i think the real reason was because it was so bad!

this move is slow, plodding, cold, dark, and without a plot or hope. it follows that tried and true european formula that they love to subsidize, that is never seen, but that the critics think makes an "important point".the movie is valuable if nothing more than to show the huge difference in the thinking between americans and europeans regarding employment. in this movie the men are still nursing their wounds from years ago and feel it's the government's duty to provide them with work. whereas in the u.s. we know we have to go out there and create value for someone.spain never looked so backward!

a romanticised and thoroughly false vision of unemployment from a middle class "artist" with a comfortable upbringing... it is clear that the writer-director never suffered unemployment directly and certainly has no personal experience of it. if you had to believe this absolutely ridiculous story, unemployed men of all ages behave like teenagers, have no anger, no fear, no frustration, etc. all the characters live trough the day by carrying pranks, boyish jokes. they do never look for work, the do almost never experience rejection or anguish, etc. living on the dole is just about like a summer vacation from school... ridiculous. specially if you compare it with contemporary masterpieces from the likes of ken loach, etc.

this movie is painfully slow and has no plot. it conveys the lives of a group of laid off boatworkers. one of the older ones is sincere in his attempt to get a job. there may be some social commentary here, but, it is muddled as nobody is painted in a very sympathetic light.i do not understand why it had a 7.8 when i decided to watch it. i watched the whole tedious thing and built expectations for a huge redeeming payoff. no luck. the imdb rating has always been such a good match for my tastes. anything above 6.5 was worth watching.and my wife says javier barem does not even look good in this movie. he's not my type, so, my agreement does not mean much.sigh. i give it a 1.

quentin crisp once stated that when things are shown too beautifully, one is a romantic. when things are show unbearably grim, they are realistic. and when something gets the ironic treatment, they're spot on. unfortunately for leon de aranoa, he falls into the second catagory. this director has obviously tried too hard to make a spanish "ken loach" type movie, without being able to capture the comedy, and warmth between the characters, that elevate loach movies from merely being 'depressing'. los lunes al sol, is just that, only depressing. things are unrealistically grim. the characters ultimate moments of misery all reach a climax at the same point, and if the glum story isn't enough, aranoa washes the tale over with a visually grey and grimy colour palette. the films was ridiculously over-rated at the goyas. a movie that shows empathy for the weaker citizens in society, in this case unemployed harbour workers, does not automatically make for a good movie, even though i would be the first to sympathize with the fates of these people. this movie only manages to make me grow disinterested in their fate. in 21st century spain, unemployed people do not live like beggars, and the public transport ferries have decent restrooms, and it's hard to come across a bar with so few punters and such little happiness to be encountered in it. leon de aranoa obviously doesn't have a clue about working class spain, and does it no favours. pretentious is the only conclusion i can draw. the scene where the men watch a football match for free, has been directly copied from a film which deals much more 'realistically' with the subject of the 'poverty' trap, namely "purely belter," which is afar more engaging, humorous, and yet sad.

aka: mondays in the suni have no idea what i just watched. three men wander aimlessly and drink, grousing about everything and at everyone in their path. this is supposed to be a drama, but what it is, is a total waste of film, without a single redeeming quality.i have read reviews touting the performances herein as "wonderful," "beautiful," and "heroic." i'm afraid i cannot agree, unless these men were supposed to come off as the dumbest most ignorant proto-humans who ever walked.all in all? this was not a movie. it wanders throughout and loses everyone but the audience. i've watched this three times, and cannot for the life of me see what anyone sees in this garbage. there is nothing profound here, whatsoever. it's crap.it rates a zero/10 from...the fiend :.

this picture reminds me of a keneth more picture from 1957 called the admirable crighton" whilst on the boat he was a servant and on the island he became the master and upon being saved reverted back to servant. madonna did ok in some movies however this one doesn't fire. if there is any picture that show madonna can't act it is this one.i am not sure whether this was a subtle copy of "the admirable crighton" but it sure looks like it and if thats the case then hollywood must be running out of ideas and that is sad. to provide a platform for actors to improve their career profile and just on that this fails in every corner and detail.the plot is loose and the acting is mediocre. the script should have been put thru the shredder before taking it on location. while many here have canned madoona for all her acting i think that in films like "a league of their own" was quite good and enjoyable and "who's that girl" showed a quirkiness of madonna's style not shown before or afterwards. other madonna films are not as enjoyable and i would have liked a to see a madonna animation series with the character from "who's that girl" i like the music from these two films however "swept away" remains at the bottom of the pile here and will remain so.everyone has a bomb right?

this film story is bad enough, which can happen in real life. i'm very can not understand when they show us this bad film. i say it was bad because there is some reason. 1. if madonna was rich and can do everything she want, then why she falling in love with that bad man. 2. how can the story script is so weak? she was so rich, can do everything she want, but not dare to divorce her husband that is very impossible.the words i love you, it doesn't meant anything in this film.

guy ritchie's noble effort is beat up, knocked down, raped, kicked around, shot, stabbed, spit upon, punched, sodomized, and abused and left for dead by madonna's dreadful performance. her acting was very reminiscent of a graduate from the al gore school of dramatics and public speaking. guy ritchie did do a somewhat noble attempt to remake this, and if you exclude all of the scenes that his wife was in, it's a fair movie at best. i think that the best acting job ever, had to be guy comforting his wife that her performance was good enough not to re-shoot. if you have an opportunity of watching swept away or clipping your toenails for 89 minutes...go for the extended pedicure.

whatever possessed guy ritchie to remake wertmuller's film is incomprehensible.this new film is a mess. there was one other person in the audience when i saw it, and she left about an hour into it. (i hope she demanded a refund.) the only reason i stayed through to the end was because i've never walked out of a movie.but i sat through this piece of junk thoroughly flabbergasted that madonna and ritchie could actually think they made a good film. the dialogue is laughable, the acting is atrocious and the only nice thing in this film is the scenery. ritchie took lina's movie and turned it into another "blue lagoon."this is a film that you wouldn't even waste time watching late night on cinemax. time is too precious to be wasted on crap like this.

i don't know what some of you are smoking, but i suspect it's potent.to call swept away awful would be an insult to the very concept of terribleness. the acting is hideous and i'm not picking on madonna here, we all know she's useless, but someone should have warned everyone else that her ailment is contagious. my back literally hurts from cringing so much at poorly delivered lines. the editing is so sloppy, it beggars description. the photography and composition (which in this era, competence should be a given for any film with a budget) are astonishingly inept, even the lighting is horrid and unnatural looking. these are basic elements of filmmaking, if you can't get them right, you should seek another line of work. it's as contrived as a grade 3 production of snow white, except nowhere near as well made or interesting.the original film by lina wertmueller is a wonderful satire and metaphor, superbly acted and written, featuring breathtaking visuals - you can practically taste the sea salt and feel the windswept sand in your hair. the sexual tension feels real and immediate...those of you who found guy ritchie's version deplorable, should see it, it really is one of the landmarks of world cinema.those of you who thought the remake is some kind of masterpiece should have your heads examined.

it's not my fault. my girlfriend made me watch it.there is nothing positive to say about this film. there has been for many years an idea that madonna could act but she can't. there has been an idea for years that guy ritchie is a great director but he is only middling. an embarrassment all round. 

i had the (mis)fortune to see this film at a showing in the us. having reluctantly sat through the entire abysmal thing, i am shocked to have seen so many good reviews here on imdb. the original film was a turkey, but an interesting one. it fitted into that early seventies, post 1969 revolution thing; this film just stinks of....... , well, nothing really. it's that bad.imagine a badly done perfume commercial - see what i mean ?madonna never could act, and has been an embarrassment on the big screen for years. she looks worse and worse with every one of those years, increasingly coming to resemble a skinned meerkat.guy ritchie, who has built his "reputation" on lock stock, could never direct either - his movies are shallow, badly cut, fashion shows. he doesn't disappoint here either; he wisely cast his wife as the star of this debacle.please people, take little heed of the good reviews this movie has received from other posters below. they are quite obviously business plants.don't encourage ritchie to humiliate himself further by giving him money.

*** warning! spoilers contained herein! *** this is a semi-autobiographical look at what might happen to madonna if she were ever to be stranded on a deserted island. there's absolutely no challenge to madonna in this role, and it shows. she's just madonna playing madonna, and she can't even get that right. i know what you're saying, you're saying, "how do you know this is what madonna is really like, you've never met her!" correct, i haven't, but we all remember "truth or dare", don't we? i know kevin costner does. you would think, in the year 2002, that madonna might have learned something, one way or the other, from the "crossover" ladies that have also made their way across the silver screen. for goodness' sake, hasn't madonna seen "glitter"? mariah carey showed the film world how it is done!!! mariah kicks madonna's trashy butt to the curb in beauty, talent, screen presence, charisma, characterization, you name it! all we see from this glimpse into madonna's world is she's the only one in it.  if there's one thing to be said for madonna, it is that she's consistent. when she was an mtv darling, she set the world of women's fashion back 20 years. now, in film, she has set women's roles in film and society back 20 years, by glamourizing all the most hated, horrible, reprehensible, odious qualities women have been reputed to have locked away inside them, qualities they have been so desperately trying to prove they really don't possess. ***here's the spoilers!!! don't read any further if you don't want to know...*** here's the one good thing i will say about this film, and i really was impressed by it. they didn't go for the "hollywood ending" - madonna's character lives. in the typical, happy hollywood ending, madonna's character would have died on the island, and her long-suffering, oppressed, whipped husband would have been free to finally settle down with a good, decent woman, a woman who would be the exact opposite of his deceased wife, and they both live happily ever after. but in this extremely depressing conclusion, she is rescued, and once more, this poor victim of a husband is once again saddled with his demon of a wife, and his life will once again become a living hell. *** here endeth the spoilers ***

*may contain spoilers*i bent over backwards to be fair to this film. i knew it starred madonna. i knew it lasted a whole week in theaters. i knew it got a lot of bad reviews. i wasn't expecting a deep and thoughtful examination of class, culture and sexuality like we got in the italian original. the benefit of the doubt lasted a whole ten minutes.madonna plays a rich, pretentious, nit-witted gorgon who goes on vacation with her henpecked husband and flippant friends (the brunette woman is as bad as madonna, exhibiting some really dumb facial expressions). adriano giannini plays the ship's first-mate who the madonna character delights in humiliating and treating like dirt in every scene they have together. why is she such a bitch to him? simply because the plot requires it so that later when the two of them get marooned on a deserted mediterranean island the tables will be turned and he will teach her a lesson. just as inexplicable is how they fall in love despite having nothing in common and having abused each other for two-thirds of the movie."swept away" is a silly, simplistic, superficial movie from beginning to end. madonna gives a typically wooden performance. there are many dumb scenes: madonna singing and dancing atrociously at the demand of giannini, a fantasy scene with madonna and a lot of scenes where he slaps her and kicks her in the butt. guy ritchie does his "stylish" editing which is laughable here. the film contains some of the worst dialog i've heard in a major movie in several years. the ending is sappy and implausible. it's basically "the blue lagoon" meets "overboard" minus the nudity of the former and the sense of humor of the latter.maybe madonna's ego is so big that she insists on continuing to prove herself as a competent actress. please give it up, madge, for our sake as well as yours. this isn't her worst movie though. that distinction still belongs to "shanghai surprise". she hasn't made anything worse than that...yet.

in the last 10 years i have worked in 3 different indie professional wrestling organizations, managed many pro wrestlers (including 2 backyard wrestling stars), worked on 2 different wrestling tv programs and did voice-overs and commentary for many wrestling dvd's. i have never witnessed the level of outright amateurish stupidity, lack of talent and skill, and shoddy production quality found in splatter rampage wrestling. to even list this as a wrestling video of any kind is an outright misuse of the term. shot with low-dollar video cameras, it's essentially home videos of kids play-fighting in back yards. the sound quality is bad, the video quality is bad, and the acting is horrendous. the "wrestlers" wear makeshift costumes with hand-drawn tee shirts and ski masks and hit each other with a variety of items and halfway imitate wrestling moves. sometimes the "matches" are on the grass. sometimes on a back yard trampoline. all are poorly acted and executed with a shameless lack of any wrestling skill. in short, don't bother with this stinker. whether your interest in this dvd is entertainment or academic (both in my case), you will be terribly disappointed.

the plot is so manipulative, counting completely on the most uncredible and unthinkable decisions of the adults in each and every parenting decision. the children are super as far as charm and delivery of the lines but as i say, the whole plot depends on each and every adult being complete idiots, and therefore in that case, making more sense out of their actions (and at the same time being the only way to explain the boys actions of total mistrust). why would sweey charming little boys take a baby from the shore? how did the baby get to the shore and at the same time account for it being the last place to be searched? why would the 2 boys never be informed an instead at the same time a baby is missing nobody gives a fig about them running around with food and diapers with all that commotion going on and literally every other place it searched? there is just no possible justification to ask the audience to believe this. asking to believe it would then do to trial (even the informal setting) is too insulting to bare.

i rented this movie the other night because neither my girlfriend or myself had ever seen it, even though we had heard from a mutual friend how "great it was".now, i am pretty conservative in my views, but i knew going in it would be pretty liberal given who directed it. i figured before the movie started michael douglas would play a compassionate popular liberal beloved by the masses, and there would be a stodgy conservative opponent as his antagonist. but i thought thats where the political statement would begin and end.ok, the plot was solid: single president falls for a lobbyist. ok, this has potential i thought to be pretty entertaining, since the plot was unique. but then the movie turned into a liberal infomercial. the movie became more about gun control and environmental issues than it did about the relationship between the president and sydney(annette bening).there were several ridiculous premises in this movie: 1) the character sydney playing this six figure lobbyist who is a "closer". could she have been more flighty? she was constantly disorganized and seemed in awe of everything. hardly a "closer". i am an sales, and she could not "close" selling a glass of water to a man dying of thirst.2) secondly, is there anything more ridiculous than richard dreyfuss playing a right wing fanatic? this is the most liberal man in hollywood and her is playing some right wing ideologue. give me a break. i liked how he took his conservative character and made him as sinister as possible.3) the speech at the end was simply ludicrous. the line about "i am a proud card carrying member of the aclu" was a joke. first, no president would ever admit something like that, being an active member of an ultra fringe group. second, why even bring something like that up. you just alienated off over half the movie going audience who is moderate or conservative.i thought the plot was great and unique. i thought michael douglas was a good choice as president. but the movie went from being a "movie" to a left wing political statement, which is why the movie failed.its a shame to see a great plot ruined by hollywood having to force their political views on the audience

if derivative and predictable rape-revenge thrillers are your thing, then you're in for a rare treat... they don't really appeal to me, so i couldn't find any single thing to redeem this peculiar tale. it seems like something straight out of the 1980s, a different age when this would have gone straight to video. gillian anderson and danny dyer do ok work with a weak script and a tedious scenario. but what is gillian anderson doing getting involved with a film like this after the brilliance of her performance as lady deadlock in the bbc tv adaptation of bleak house last year? the director is said to have been influenced by witnessing a near-rape and by his work on documentaries, but even that's not an excuse for the bizarre scene where a pack of rural hounds beat up dyer. i don't think i was the only person in the cinema laughing. what i can't understand is the involvement of the companies behind this film - filmfour and verve pictures. both have been involved in some great independent british films in recent years. verve distributed bullet boy, code 46 and red road - straightheads doesn't deserve to be mentioned in the same breath. filmfour and verve take note: is this really the best you can do? what are independent british filmmakers going to make of your artistic judgement? it's a big blot on both of your reputations. listen carefully: can you hear the thousands of fans of independent british films crying in despair?

*warning* contains many spoilers!let me start by saying i have a huge respect for gillian anderson's incredible talent as a varied and versatile actress - which is why i cannot comprehend her reasons for agreeing to make this film once she saw the script (or lack thereof.) the premise of the film was, in my opinion, a great idea and there were some genuinely thought-provoking themes in there but it ended up like a collapsed soufflé. it exemplifies why i hate 99% of british cinema. it feels too long, it's tedious, for the most part, and not a lot happens after the first twenty minutes. just when you think there's a chance of it picking up some speed it disappoints like paula radcliffe running a marathon. with little imaginative directing and a minimalist plot, there isn't much to keep the audience from nodding off into their popcorn. as for the script i can only surmise that the writer was trying to save a few trees, with the average scene reading something along the lines of "alice: f*** off! (adam stares. adam runs off into woods)(alice follows) alice: adam! adam!" i suspect that, word for word, the actors probably got paid more than kate moss did for her virgin mobile adverts. what few lines there were didn't have a lot of variation with a frequent use of the f-word that would make bridget jones's friend, shazza, proud. there is little establishment of the main characters before the main sordid event which leaves the audience lacking much sympathy for the characters beyond an automatic 'oh that's terrible' reaction.alice isn't the kind of woman who courts sympathy either. she's got a great job, an expensive london apartment with roof space to die for yet she comes across on screen as conceited, bitter and dissatisfied before her life takes a turn for the worst. after the attack a few layers are peeled back which sort-of explain why she is this way to start with; she grew up with a tough-as-old-boots soldier who thought that teaching her how to shoot his gun was the ultimate expression of love so, instead of following in his footsteps, she ran away to the big city in search of something to make her feel like her life is worth living. instead she found a group of stereotypical middle-class toffs who look down on anyone not rich enough to drive a lexus and the luxuries that come with an integrated security/entertainment system (i.e. becoming mrs robinson to a wanna-be cockney wide-boy electrician) someone pass me a tissue. the one saving grace of this character is that she is played by gillian anderson. in the hands of a lesser actress she would've been intolerably one-dimensional but ms anderson actually manages to inject a few fleeting moments of humanity into this otherwise lifeless human being, most notably when she's sincerely apologising for her road rage in a vain attempt to stop her attackers from continuing their assault.i can't say that adam fared much better either. danny dyer played him well as a fish-out-of-water jack the lad but a good performance couldn't save him from both the lack of a script and the total absence of any character background. this film relied mostly on shock value but the timing was off and it felt far too engineered from beginning to end. as for the shock, the most shocking thing about this film is the unashamed demonstration of how painfully thin ms anderson has become; it was almost as unsettling to see as the brutal attack scenes. on a side note, only in a british film would a gang of violent sex attackers take the time to offer each other contraception before continuing to cheer their mates on - talk about stiff-upper-lip taken to the extreme! if this is the kind of film that the national lottery is donating money to make then i'm not surprised that fewer and fewer people are choosing to spend their pound each week. saying that i hated this film is giving it too much credit, i didn't care enough about any of the characters to warrant that strong an emotion. i want that one-and-a-bit hours of my life back, please!

gillian anderson is an arrogant, driven, career woman who picks up working class oik danny dyer for a night of fun. after a stupid accident in the countryside, they are brutally attacked. after recovering, and after a chance meeting with one of the attackers, their thoughts turn to that of revenge...i thought "straightheads" was terrible. violent, brutal, misogynistic and unpleasant. if i didn't dislike the phrase a great deal i would call "straightheads" a video nasty. certainly it was the kind of film that would have had a no budget release straight to video during the dark days of the 1980's. frankly i don't know how "straightheads" got a cinema release.i am not a prude. i don't mind sex and violence in the movies, but they have to be married to a movie with a) a good plot or b) good characterisation or c) preferably both. "straightheads" had neither. no progression in the plot or the characters and too much left unexplained and unsaid. luckily "straightheads" went nowhere fast. it was only 80 minutes long.it was a shame, because there was the germ of an interesting film here, with an especially interesting turn in the plot in the last third. how often do i say this, but it could have been good if it had been done properly. what a shame. i really like gillian anderson and danny dyer, but they were on a hiding to nothing with this film. she, especially, is very underrated (and is still particularly fit).if you want to see a good british revenge movie, rent or buy shane meadows' "dead man's shoes". it is a little masterpiece. last weekend i should have seen his "this is england" instead. ce sera sera...

when you look back at another bad nightmare sequel like freddy's revenge, you have to at least give it some credit for trying something new. and although the dream child is more enjoyable it offers absolutely nothing new to the series. yes, there's the creative deaths as usual, like a kid becoming part of a comic book and facing "super freddy" but even scenes like that aren't used to their full potential and the parts without freddy are just boring.this marked the official death of scariness to the series. freddy seems to be the comedic relief now...but to what?my rating: 4/10

the only thing that prevented this flick from being a total disaster were a couple of interesting stylish touches. (moderate spoiler alert) death by comic is a bit derivative of a scene in twilight zone: the movie, which delivers death by cartoon. still this was handled nicely, especially watching the ink bleed and the color being sapped out.additionally, there is one other good scene with a demon motorcycle.having said that, i was glad i got the dvd cheap at a store going out of business sale, because this was pretty awful. i bought "soul survivors" at the same time and both movies were similarly annoying with the constant realizations that you have been watching a dream. however , where "soul survivors" has nothing to redeem it, or have it make any sense, this at least had a couple of stylish notes, referred to above.interestingly, the dvd lets you go to the 8 'nightmares' where something actually happens, which is the only way to watch this. the scripting between the creative gore moments is rather unbearable.3 out of 10.

i can't believe that those praising this movie herein aren't thinking of some other film. i was prepared for the possibility that this would be awful, but the script (or lack thereof) makes for a film that's also pointless. on the plus side, the general level of craft on the part of the actors and technical crew is quite competent, but when you've got a sow's ear to work with you can't make a silk purse. ben g fans should stick with just about any other movie he's been in. dorothy s fans should stick to galaxina. peter b fans should stick to last picture show and target. fans of cheap laughs at the expense of those who seem to be asking for it should stick to peter b's amazingly awful book, killing of the unicorn.

after the success of part 4, another sequel was a natural move. however they should have stopped it before it began. alice, having survived part 4 finds herself pregnant and it seems freddy is using her unborn child to get at his victims, which of course are alice's friends. strange nightmare movie, very heavy on religious imagery and bad acting. the special effects are good, but the movie itself is not.

a nightmare on elm street: the dream child, the fifth installment in the nightmare on elm street series and the worst sequel ever in the series, even worse than a nightmare on elm street 2. i was lucky enough to get the nightmare on elm street dvd box set for my birthday and i watched all the sequels. the dream child was the worst without a doubt, i was surprised too since they were doing so well with the last two sequels. but i guess they just lost the charm, the story was just ridicules and i wasn't happy with where it went. alice just became more annoying, she's not nancy or kirsten, so her carrying this film on her own didn't work for me. freddy is also loosing his scare, this was just getting a bit silly.alice is back and she's carrying a child, she couldn't be happier with her life. but freddy is also back and he's not going to be too light on her since she defeated him so easily in the fourth movie. but anyways, he wants her child and to be born into the world again. did you ever wonder if freddy had parents too? well that's what a nightmare on elm street: the dream child investigates and alice soon finds out what freddy's childhood was like and that maybe that's the one thing that can defeat him.a nightmare on elm street: the dream child is just all in all a bad movie and an insult to the series. i don't think anyone could be happy with this sequel. just the story was really silly, i mean it could have possibly worked, but once again, it was just executed the wrong way. i know that if you're looking to see the sequels for the nightmare on elm street series, you should watch it, but i really wouldn't recommend it, it's not worth it, at least in my opinion.3/10

this is crap....utter crap. i cannot believe any company could even get people to work on a film like this. full moon has a number of awful films, but this has got to be the worst. first off, the plot doesn't exist. it's odd. it's like, they took an idea for the story, and kind of never really got around to developing it. they seemed to have just wasted a lot of time filming outside shots while the two "heroes" drove around in the desert, and bradbury talks nonsense for about 10 minutes. there were two scenes in the movie (when dez and dazzy are driving, and when dez and bradbury are driving) where it just went on and on and on...it was almost like 2 music videos in the place where there should have been some dialog or action. they just drove for about 5 minutes, with nothing but music and shots of the surrounding landscape.next, we come to the acting, which is simply horrible. first off, the girl who plays dazzy is just a beast. she is so scary looking, i wanted to look away when she was on screen! horrible casting. then, you have the guy who played dez, who couldn't act if his life depended on it. his "crying" is actually funny, and his madman antics are even funnier. the guy who plays the desk clerk at the hotel is just as bad, as is the guy who plays bradbury. there was no acting that deserves any recognition in this movie whatsoever.the makeup effects...hmmm, can anyone say pathetic? the "effects" were so fake, they were laughable. the crazy little robot looking catepillar thing grabs onto someone, they cut away, and when they come back, the guy has a completely fake looking flesh wound. nice. did they run out of money on the makeup budget or what?! i must say the druggie chick who is in the one girl's apartment...nice makeup there too. i think they were going for a drugged look, and i think she was supposed to have a black guy, but it looked more like cheap zombie makeup for halloween.this movie is just horrible from the start. the story is stupid and very, very unoriginal, the direction looks as tho it was performed by a 10 year old, the acting is the lowest of the low, and so on. stay away from this movie at all costs. it's only 70 minutes long in the first place, and atleast 20 minutes of that is taken up by either music and no dialog or the character sitting around in the hotel. do not waste your time on this piece of garbage.

as a member of the cast, i was a member of the band at all the basketball games, i would like to let the world know after being in the movie, that we were not allowed to see it since it was banned in oregon. this was due to the producers and the director breaking the contract with the university of oregon where it was shot. seems that the u of o sign was shown. while we were shooting, we were allowed to eat several meals with the cast and production staff. mr nicholson was quite memorable for being one of the most ill-mannered men i have ever met. quite a time for a young 20 year old. but certainly not what campus life was really like in the late 60's and early 70's despite what hollywood may think. trombone player from oregon

this movie "joshua" is extremely disturbing, and downright pointless. it actually makes me shudder to think there are people who would enjoy watching it. without giving away the story it is about a young boy's reaction to his newborn sister, and that is just the tip of the iceberg. during the entirety of this movie the viewer is subjected to some of the most unsettling child behavior imaginable. adding insult to injury, by the end of this movie there is absolutely no real outcome except the fruition of pure evil at the hands of a child no less, who outsmarted a whole group of dumb adults. there is no redemption, no justice served, and a whole group of adults who are not smart enough to see what is going on around them. frankly, i did not enjoy watching this movie. it was extremely unsettling. even for those who might enjoy horror movies, this movie could be too much. despite the fact this movie was well acted, the story itself is so disturbing that watching it was equivalent to a 90 minute wait in a dentist's waiting room in anticipation of some painful dental procedure.

the acting in the film is really well done honestly, but the movie is so slow and so boring, as soon as it gets interesting everything slows to a major halt. i am glad to see sam rockwell in this, he did a great job, so did the other actors as i mentioned but man... this is one of the worst dragged out films i have ever seen. now maybe in a short film form this movie would be good, but other than that, avoid it. this film has so much filler it makes a twinkie cake jealous. i never, ever, walk out on films, but watching this one at home with family, i walked out. yeah, it was that boring. apparently my comment doesn't have enough lines to post, so here's some more filler. i guess i was inspired by the movie i just watched.

i watched the whole movie, waiting and waiting for something to actually happen. maybe it's my fault for expecting evil and horror instead of psychology? is it a weird re-telling of the oedipal myth: i want to kill my father and mother and marry my uncle and compose musical theater with him? i didn't understand why certain plot elements were even present: why was the construction upstairs, why was there that big stairwell with a perfect spot for someone to fall to their doom if no one was actually going to do so, why have the scenes at all with the father at work, why have such a nice kitchen if you're only going to eat takeout, why would the boy want to be baptized and the parents be the ones to resist instead of the other way around. i see lots of good reviews for this movie...has my taste been corrupted by going up with 70s b-movies and old sci fi flicks?

i went to see this movie at our college theater thirty years ago because i liked bruce dern in silent running and family plot. to this day (sorry jack nicholson), it is still the dullest movie i've ever seen. it just went on and on with no discernible point and then - it just ended. the lights came up and i watched everyone looking around in confusion. had the projectionist missed a reel? i've never had the urge to find out. all i remember about the movie is that it was a non-drama about some annoying college basketball players and their coach. the most enjoyable part of the movie was watching the totally mystified audience afterwords. fortunately, this was just an exception for jack, bruce, and karen black.

i gave this more than a 1 because i did think there were some moral lessons in this story and it provoked some thought and comment from my wife and i. the acting and the dialogue were mediocre and i must confess i came out feeling like i had been beaten over the head with the god this , god that and christ is our saviour stuff. the movie and the story line did not need it. if , as i am , you are a recovering catholic or christian avoid this one it will make you nauseous. the movie did a good job of demonstrating the thin line between being a good citizen and how someone could become a potential stalker focused on what might have been.

i was interested in seeing this movie because i knew it was christian based. the director had a good idea/intentions when making this movie but it could have been better. i can understand why someone would still have feelings for who they believe is the greatest love of their life. however, i didn't understand why the director made his friends so insensitive, mean and rude. the main character kept apologizing to his friends when they were the ones mean to him. they weren't understanding at all and they used god as a reason to explain their behaviors. the main character, nor anyone else didn't know if the ex-girlfriend was divorced, still married etc but they were against him resolving old feelings that needed to be dealt with. his friends were suppose to be christians and should have been portrayed as being supportive whether they agreed with his decision or not. so many times we do things in life where we don't apologize to those we have hurt in the past and when he was trying to do this they were all against him. the ironic part was his new female friend accused him of having stalking behavior for simply looking up an old friend, when she did a really odd thing to get a hold of his name, address and phone number...she seemed to be the stalker!. she didn't seem like a friend at all but was only looking out for herself. god is love...and i think god wants people to be with the person they were meant to be with and i feel the movie did a terrible injustice by making it seem like god doesn't care about true love...only that you stay with someone you made a bad choice with. we all make mistakes...it's all about what steps you take to make amends. like i said the movie had potential but i was tired of the one-sided point of view being constantly repeated and jammed down the viewers throat by his so-called...well-meaning friends. this movie didn't hold true to the christian belief of love but i give it a c for its effort.

dave is going through a divorce and his mind wanders back to his first love. "wanders" is probably not the word. i should say he fixates on the past girlfriend. he recalls to the day when the relationship ended. the dream sequences only lack the hazy transitions. he fondly recalls their favorite songs and places they went. i'm not a counselor, but maybe this had something to do with the failed marriage???? dave goes to a support group and meets up with a lady half his age (also divorced) who, instead of being "turned off" by his creepiness, starts to become interested in him. did i mention how creepy dave is? he sometimes refers to himself in the third person. he doesn't move his arms when he walks, either. it's just weird. too make a long story short, dave plots to hunt down mary (the old gal friend) and kill her...err...i mean confront her. he does so. which was really creepy. he believes her to be married, yet he still flies half-way across the country to meet her. he stakes out her house to make sure she is alone, before he "drops in" on her. he has an awkward conversation with her that ends with his sharing the gospel of christ in about 10 words or less, and flies back to the new young girlfriend. we enjoyed the movie mostly for unintentional comedic value. i am still entertaining the wife with my dave impressions...."i heard another dave & mary song!"

from everything i'd read about the movie, i was excited to support a film with a christian theme. everything about the movie was very unprofessionally done. especially the writing! without good writing a movie doesn't have a chance. the writer/director said in an interview that he didn't want to give away how the title relates to the story. believe me, it was no big surprise. i kept waiting for the teenage/young adult back-story to unfold, but it never did. as someone who has gone through a divorce, i was very disappointed. this movie would have been no comfort to me when i first went through the emotional turmoil that divorce can bring to your life as a christian!

"a young woman unwittingly becomes part of a kidnapping plot involving the son of a movie producer she is babysitting. the kidnappers happen to be former business partners of the son's father and are looking to exact some revenge on him. our babysitter must bide her time and wait to see what will become of the son and herself, while the kidnappers begin to argue amongst themselves, placing the kidnap victims in great peril," according to the dvd sleeve's synopsis.that acclaimed director rené clément could be responsible for this haphazard crime thriller is the real shocker. despite beginning with the appearance of having been edited in a washing machine, the film develops a linear storyline. once you've figured out what is going on, the engaging maria schneider (as michelle) and endearing john whittington (as boots) can get you through the film. there are a couple of female nude scenes, which fit into the storyline well.**** wanted: babysitter (10/15/75) rené clément ~ maria schneider, john whittington, vic morrow

except for the brady variety hour, this was some of the hokiest television i've seen in a while. the video production qualities weren't too bad, but the overall look and feel were unmistakeably early 80's. and marie osmond looks like she did battle with the avon lady.. and lost big time. way too much eyeliner.it was kind of embarrassing to watch veterans danny kaye and eric severeid take part in this. even more interesting was watching alex haley talk about the african pavillion in world showcase that would be opening 'in about a year.'as of this writing it is 17 years later and it hasn't opened yet (unless you count disney's animal kingdom.) all in all though, for all the shortcomings, this still an interesting visual piece of disney history.

this may be the worst show i've ever seen. aside from the tastelessness of having a sitcom about hitler, it just isn't funny or entertaining in any way. it is very similar to a 1950's sitcom in its cornball humor and contrived situations, but while it can be well done like in i love lucy, it's just not funny here. i think the show was based around the novelty "look, it's hitler as a bumbling sitcom figure" but it just fell flat in every regard. the guy playing hitler is so hammy that its hard to sit through that alone. i wonder what could have possibly made the network think this was a good idea to air. i thought america had some tasteless show, but the brits had us beat this time. america would never air a sitcom about hitler, although we did have that show about lincoln's slave, the secret diary of desmond pfeiffer. chances are you'll probably never see this show, since it only aired one episode and will probably never be released on dvd.

i wonder who was responsible for this mess. the jokes wouldn't have worked for gilligan's island. if this had gone to series, would there have been jokes about auschwitz, or would eva have to replace her oven, only to have adolf suggest the kind that seats 50?? another post compared this show to i love lucy. the problem with this is that lucille ball was a genius at physical comedy and bizarre situations, and this mess was just plain badly done and an insult to my intelligence. after the damage the nazi's did to england and the number of people they killed, i would think the very concept of a comedy about hitler would seem repugnant and most normal people would have killed this concept before any episodes were produced.

wow you guys are way too nice!!!corny,corny,corny that is how i feel about that film.it started well with a good idea , a guy (edward asner) escape from jail dressed as santa,a bunch of kids find him and believes his the real santa so the fake santa enlist the children to help him find a bag of stolen money.the film is like a christmas version of "whistle down the wind". the movie start well but gradually it becomes cheesier and cheesier to the point that at the end it becomes ridiculous and you just cant take this film seriously. for example you get the scrooge type character called sumner (rene auberjonois) who's a total douchebag who treat his young son like a pile a rubbish ,he treat his son so bad that he don't even buy him decent clothes,the poor kid wears jeans with holes in it! but a 45 second scene with fake santa visiting sumner and by the end of the film you get the guy all happy singing christmas carol and giving his neglected son a hug...yep that is how corny it is... i'm all for feel good movie especially during christmas and i am a big fan of seasonal tv movie but this one is way too over the top for me,it is a shame because it started well but the second half of the movie is trowing a supernatural element to the film that just don't match with the rest of it. it's not totally bad,there are some solid acting , especially from the children but there are plenty of better christmas film around.

**spoilers**khamosh is totally unrealistic, lacks a plot, and was basically only made to see stars portray themselves. the most suspenseful scene in the movie was when shabana azmi is in the shower and then we see her tv playing the shower scene from psycho. this movie actually expected users to believe that naseeruddin shah's character has a good enough memory to remember where certain shots were fired and how many!***spoiler begins***at the end, the killer spills his guts to shabana azmi long enough to allow naseeruddin shah's character to run up and shoot him!***spoiler ends***it is a little humorous (only a little) in the beginning to hear the director and cast members throwing insults at each other and hearing shabana azmi exclaim, "oh sh-t!"overall, a baaaaaaaaaaad movie!rating: ** out of ********** (2 out of 10)

fashionably fragmented, yet infuriatingly half-realized character-study, an examination of the different personalities of two college roommates: a talented but undisciplined star basketball player, and a pot-smoking, womanizing rabble-rouser. we never learn why these young men are friends. they may share confusions about the world and their places in it, but they don't seem to have anything else in common. making his directorial debut, jack nicholson--who also co-wrote the screenplay with jeremy larner, based upon larner's book--doesn't introduce us to the characters with any clarity, nor he does shape the scenes to help us identify with anyone on the screen. there are some very decent performances here (particularly from newcomer william tepper in the central role), but most of the picture is unformed (perhaps intentionally), sketchy or unsure. bruce dern plays the hard-driving basketball coach, karen black is the older, married lady tepper is having an affair with, and michael margotta is tepper's wayward friend (in an off-putting, over-the-top performance). nicholson fails to set up the sequences with any particular flavor, preferring (i assume) to let the character interaction dominate the film's tone; his script is no help either, and as a result it is unclear whom we're supposed to sympathize with. small, random moments do work (a supermarket fight between tepper and black, dern visiting tepper in his dorm-room, all of the scenes set on the court), however the entire third act of the picture is an excruciating mess. hoping to juxtapose an all-important b-ball game with a sexual assault, nicholson shows no style at his craft (nor does he earn points for chutzpah, as his staging of these events is squashy and ugly). when a director goes out of his way to humiliate his actors, one has to question his motives in doing so. perhaps if "drive, he said" ultimately made some sort of powerful statement in the bargain, audiences could forgive the filmmaker for his lapses in judgment and taste. unfortunately, the perplexing closer is as dumbfounding as much of the rest of the movie. *1/2 from ****

>>>>>>>>>>>>> >>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>> >>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>> >>>>>>>> >>>>>>> with their no holds bar cruel offensive humor, sure enough to offended anyone, you would sure think this would be a laugh riot! ............wrong. worest movie since open water. don't be to surprised if you completely miss this movie upon release date as i'm sure it wont do very good at all at the box office. this movie had a lot of potential but fell to little to short. no enough character development, awkward actors and the upside of this movie was nudity. boobs. amazing. if i had to see this movie again, i myself would go postal. <<<<<<<<<<<< <<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<< <<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<< <<<<<<<

today, i wrote this review in anger at uwe boll and hollywood.hollywood has produced movies based on one of the darkest days of our nation. 911 changed everything. it changed our perception of security. it changed our understanding of the evil of man and humanity. most importantly and devastatingly , it changed our world.however, i can't not stress how utterly repulsed, disillusioned, and angry i am at the careless, blatant ignorance of hollywood seeking to make a lucrative profit out of death and destruction. this film and those like it are bound to cause controversy amid word-of-mouth among moviegoers and critics alike; most surely to be echoed by the mainstream press. hollywood has sunk to a new low. even lower than the low-down bastards who perpetrated the most barbaric acts of savagery and unrelenting cruelty. behind it all is uwe boll. i am very angry at this movie. how dare they disrespect the memories of families of those lost? how dare they mock the lives of the brave men and women who risked their lives to save those trapped in the doomed towers on that fateful day of infamy?!?!? how dare they try to satirize and at the same time capitalize on a national tragedy in the mist of a mourning and weary post-911 world?!?!?! how...dare...they? to those who have the gall to even think of seeing this morally appalling travesty, i say this with a heavy heart with all my strength: remember. think back to that day and ask yourself whether or not you are a sane and moral person. think back to that day, ask yourself whether or not this film is a disgrace and dishonor to the lives lost on that day. think back to that day of the outcry of families of loved ones. think back to that day of the lives lost on those two planes. think back to the further carnage it caused following the attacks.ask yourself if you have a soul.think. remember. respect the memories of the lives lost on 911 by not seeing this film at all.

i watched this movie at a sneak preview screening and i'm glad i didn't pay for it. this movie is just disgusting. its full of dick and fart jokes and takes no pride in the action sequences(such as the shootout in "little germany"). i made a little list of things i enjoyed in the movie.. and a lot of which i didn't agree of.1. dave foley's penis. 2. the fart jokes. 3. the poop jokes. 4. the dude was a pussy. 5. no gary coleman. 6. the talibans 7. again making fun of bush.. we get it he's an idiot.. move on. 8. the dude has blonde hair. 9. the plot. 10. the killing of minors 11. uwe boll was in it. 12. most of the cast were just outrages and out there.now the (few) good ones1. the dude uses a cat as a silencer like in the game. 2. lots of action. 3. crotchy made a return (and a cameo of the maker of postal) 4. uhm.. i didn't have to pay for it. 5. there are a few "what the ef" momentsboll did it again. he made another crappy game into movie adaption. kudos to you, mr boll. 2/10

if i could i would give zero stars for this one, but unfortunately i have to give one...there is no single scene i could laugh about... but the game didn't make me laugh either. so if you're some ill retarded folk, go to your local cinema, watch this movie and give it 10 stars, like some people here already did.but for me... in a movie where children are shot dead to achieve humor... good taste goes over the edge... this was the third time i wasted my time to see a boll movie and it was definitely my last!0/10... i'm ashamed of being from the same country as uwe boll!please please keep him from making more movies!!!!!

i saw this movie at the edmonton international film festival, with the great dr. uwe boll in attendance.the film is, simply put, very, very bad. and no, not in the usual uwe boll "so bad it's actually entertaining" way, but just plain bad. the plot concerns a man who leads a terrible life (because of a past criminal record, apparently), can't get a job, and with an awful 900 pound cheating wife. this man turns to his cult-leader uncle in a plan to steal a truck load of toys that contain the bird flu virus. al qaeda also has designs on stealing the toys, and what follows is just under two hours of completely incomprehensible sex and violence.the acting is awful (except for dave foley, who really tries, despite it all), the jokes never rise above children being shot in the chest in slow motion, and people taking a poo. it's supposed to be satire, but i'm not sure of what.think "airplane!", but done by the creators of south park, and without any jokes.

okay this is gona be short and sweet review...something the movie should have taken a practice ina nd made its life shorter and sweeter than it was.this movie is $^@%. there's a good reason there was a petition with over 40,000 + signatures all demanding uwe boll stop making movies from franchises people liked. blood rayne being a biggie there.the jokes are good...if you've never heard them a thousand times before. the acting is descent but u can really only blame the script for that. i even a few moments wonder if they're even using a script.the movie has little to nothing to do with the original games. hello if you've played the games u know the main character has no real motivation outside homicidal urges like mass murder because he stubbed his toe or simular. there's way too much story for such a stupid movie. like i said. i wouldn't even steal this movie. and for the person who says this is ' funniest movie of 2007'..........need to take a look around, the news is better than this.

i'm not going to waste my time writing an essay and waste your time. i would like to say, however, that all those who are uptight about this movie even being made are being totally ridiculous. johnnymacbest, you can't play that card, and i mean the nationalism patriotic card, to make people not watch this movie. this is a movie that expresses its free will in this country (oh yea i played that card)even though the director is german and deserves a slap on the wrist every time he reaches for a camera, but the world is full of controversy, and its the same thing you've heard before, like the gta controversy. it's a comedy, laugh and be disgusted, not disgusted all together, its dark humor and obviously you don't have the heart to take it, the past is past, yes people remember those who were lost but its time to move on, that was !!!7!!! years ago. you can still watch this movie and have good moral values. besides i'm insane, and who needs a soul?

uwe boll has done the impossible: create a game adaptation that stays at least somewhat true to the game; he has turned a game full of antisocial and offensive content into a movie full of antisocial and offensive content. so, as an adaptation, it's a success.unfortunately, it's still uwe boll we are dealing with here, so don't expect the movie to be actually any good. while it does have it's moment, "postal" wears out his welcome very fast and becomes a pain to sit through.at its core, postal is a satire on the united states, as done by a twelve year old kid. boll seems to think that offensiveness is linearly proportional to comedic value: the more offensive, the funnier, and the more exaggerated the funnier. this results in a movie that sets new levels of tastelessness while being extremely hit and miss. yes, some gags do work but it seems to be pure luck. high points include the director satirizing himself, and people getting hit very violently by trucks and other vehicles. low points include..well pretty much everything else.after the initial surprise wears off, postal simply becomes a bore to watch. yes there is a good joke every and good point ten minutes, but everything else consists of hordes of annoying characters shooting and chasing each other all over the place for what seems to be an eternity.this probably would have worked as a short movie, but it's just not enough content for something that lasts over 90 minutes (although it feels twice as long). there are nice ideas and nice tries, but they get hopelessly lost in endless and pointless action scenes and content that is offensive just for the sake of it 4/10

"blood of the sacred, blood of the damned" is the third installment of the gabriel knight games, a series of adventure games about the roguish writer/paranormal detective, gabriel knight. gabriel and his companion, grace, have been asked by prince james of albany to investigate a series of mysterious attacks by so-called "night visitors." when the son of prince james is kidnapped, gabriel pursues the night visitors to rennes le château, where he begins piecing together a mystery relating to the holy grail.despite the marketing, this game is not about vampires. vampires have a token appearance in the game, but never command center stage, as did the voodoo hounfor in "sins of the fathers" or the werewolves in "the beast within." gabriel and grace make no attempt to uncover the true nature of vampires, or to research lore on vampires. although the vampires do murder three people during the course of the game, their victims are chosen at random and have nothing to do with the main plot.a large part of the charm of the first two gabriel knight installments was in the relationships which gabriel formed with the villains. through these relationships, the player could not help but sympathize with the villain, and thus the villain was transformed into more of a human and less of a monster. however, in "blood of the sacred," gabriel's only interaction with the villain is through a single, cheesy interview, which does nothing to endear the villain to the player.the roles that gabriel and grace play in this mystery are fairly futile. gabriel spends his time snooping into the identities of members of a treasure-hunter tour group staying at his hotel, but what he uncovers amounts to nothing more than a red herring. grace spends her time researching the mystery of rennes le château, but all her research is rendered superfluous by the presence of a perplexing ally who has known the answer to this mystery for centuries.the actions of this perplexing ally and his polar opposite --- the vampire leader --- are insupportable. the ally leaves hints about the mystery of rennes le château in broad daylight and expects grace (and not the other treasure hunters from the tour group) to find them. however, he could have revealed the mystery to grace in its entirety on day 1, instead of putting the kidnapped child at risk for an additional 48 hours. and in the end, he simply tells grace the mystery in its entirety anyway.meanwhile, the vampire leader fails to achieve the goals of centuries of scheming, because he chooses to refrain from action for two days after the kidnapping of the child. the only reason given for his decision to delay action is that he wants to savor his victory.the game would have been much better had it been purely focused on the holy grail. the kidnapping and vampires should have been omitted, replaced with a race against the vatican to uncover the mystery of rennes le château. since gabriel is portrayed more than once as reluctantly catholic, this conflict would have had many opportunities for character development.all in all, the game was a disappointing installment in the series, despite an improved interface and the return of tim curry as the voice of gabriel knight.

spoilers: i'm always surprised at how many people gave this game good reviews. it was awful. the script and voice acting alone ruined it. gabriel and grace are the most unlikeable characters in the game. you almost pray for their deaths. and worst of all, there are less vampires in this game than there were werewolves in the beast within.the lack of real vampires was incredibly disappointing. if you're expecting some kind of anne rice style vampire story, forget it. this game's story has very little to do with vampires. you won't even see any till about the very end and even then, you won't get to fight them.the story has radical, and pretty much blasphemous, views of christianity. i'm amazed it got off the drawing board. i'm not even christian and i found it offensive. mostly, the story centers around a search for the holy grail and buried treasure. the kidnapping of a royal baby, which should have been the focus, really gets pushed aside. there is no sense of urgency for gabriel to find the baby. in fact, he almost never asks anyone about the baby after the first few time blocks.the graphics are pretty bad. the characters move about at a snail's pace even on the best of systems. they are chunky and outdated. and it's hard to go from the fmv of the beast within to this horrible game engine for blood of the sacred.the relationship between gabriel and grace takes an awful turn, too. i really don't know why it was so horribly rushed, but they do sleep together. and it's not fun. gabriel spends most of the game telling his best friend mosely how he thinks of grace as more of a sister and he doesn't think she's the one for him. and he seems really grossed out that they slept together. but he's so unlikeable throughout the game, that you almost don't even care at that point. his dialogue was the worst in the game. and he was constantly making stupid sexual innuendos at anything female the entire game. by the end of the game, grace leaves him with what appears to be a dear john letter. i guess she was as fed up with him as most of the players were.i found the story to be annoying and boring. i was expecting to play a story of a royal baby who was kidnapped by vampires. and i was expecting to get to see and fight vampires, maybe even have gabriel or grace turn into one. but no. instead, the story focused on the author's warped vision of christianity. what a shame. here they had the elements for a great adventure, and instead we got this.for me, the only interesting parts of the game were actually at the very end. we do get a few action style puzzles at the end. but it wasn't worth suffering through the entire game to get to them.i can't really recommend this game. i had gotten it back when it came out, years ago, and i hated the game engine so much that i shelved it for years. i only recently dusted it off to see what i'd been missing. and now, i'm very sorry that i did. my favorite characters were ruined. i hope there will be a fourth game just to redeem the series. and i hope they get it right next time. it would be a terrible shame to end the series with this installment.

i don't know where to begin, so i'll begin with a snippet from the back of the cover of this movie. "alive combines the tension of vincenzo natali's cube with kitamura's own versus." i have not seen versus, so i can't comment on that, but i think cube was an excellent movie which i recommend to everyone. however, in this case someone has clearly confused "tension" with "boredom".i'll just go ahead and spoil the entire plot, because besides being one holy swiss cheese of a plot, it's also moldy cheese, and the movie is not worth spending any time on even if you don't know the plot beforehand, so it doesn't matter. if i have misunderstood the plot, don't hit me - it's probably because i had to struggle to keep my eyelids open.so the american military in nevada once lost a ufo i the nambi desert. this apparently makes sense because they're both deserts so surely they're practically the same place. different continents or not. a monkey broke into the ufo and acquired an alien something which was passed on to a japanese researcher who had to eat the monkey to survive in the desert. what ever. the alien thing is now passed on to anyone who's "bloodthirsty" enough to kill the current host. the japanese military wants to use it for military stuff, so they decide to make it pass from the current host (the researcher's daughter) to some other dude. but instead of just picking someone out of the military, which is full of people who are bloodthirsty and already on the military's side, they decide that it's probably a good idea to pick some criminal out of death row instead. oh, and the reason they pick this particular criminal from death row is because he was the first person in history to not die from the non-lethal electric shock which is the standard execution method, because everyone dies from the placebo effect when they get electrocuted. i don't know if they do this so they can giggle in the staff room at how everyone dies even though it's not deadly, or if they just want to cut down the electricity bill.then the movie turns into what the matrix would have been if it had been really lame, and superfluous fighting bores us to tears for what feels like an hour. and oh wait, now they remember that they already had a dude who was infected with the alien thing, so the entire movie up to this point was actually a totally waste of time and also human lives. then everyone dies. the end.the only one moment in the movie where i didn't want to go away and sleep or eat a sandwich instead, was when a dude was pinned to a wall by a pipe through his chest, and he's hanging around up there and another dude walks by. the dude hanging on the wall says "i'm in pain, shoot me". and the living dude looks at him, and it's not like he's a mean dude or anything, so he really looks sorrowful and doesn't want the guy on the wall to suffer. so he shoots him.(rhetorical pause.)in the stomach. "gee thanks a freakin' heap."

pier paolo pasolini, or pee-pee-pee as i prefer to call him (due to his love of showing male genitals), is perhaps the most overrated european marxist director - and they are thick on the ground. how anyone can see "art" in this messy, cheap sex-romp concoction is beyond me. some of the "stories" here could have come straight out of a soft-core porn film, and i am not even so much referring to the nudity but the simplistic and banal, often pointless stories. anyone who enjoyed this relatively watchable but dumb oddity should really sink his teeth into the "der schulmaedchenreport" soft-porn german 70s movie series, because that's what "decameron" looks like to me.besides, the movie is sloppy on nearly all levels, from start to finish: 1. editing. an example: at 1 hour:15 minutes:45 seconds there is a chasing scene that is put quite clearly in the wrong place. it was supposed to be placed about a minute later, but i guess that pasolini must have hired boozed-up editors who have little time for the "fine details" of movie-making. pee-pee-pee's fans would probably counter this by saying that it was placed there intentionally - which i very much doubt. besides, even if that were true, that would be even worse, because that story gains absolutely nothing by making it harder to follow. (this isn't exactly "eraserhead" or one of tarantino's broken-form films...) 2. acting. vey sloppy. triple pee's fans (all 8 of them) proudly declare how 3p-o uses "real people instead of actors". (aren't actors people? or are they martians? sure, many actors have sub-par iqs but does that mean we should treat them with contempt...?) other directors have used amateurs and succeeded (such as alan parker or de niro), so why are ppp's amateurs so utterly awful in his movies? the answer is once again appalling sloppiness. pasolini is sloppy in everything, and that includes trying to get as much out of his toothless amateurs as he can. he is a lazy director, an imperfectionist if you like. the anti-kubrick, i suppose... pee-pee-pee's principal goal when casting must have been to find as many toothless old people as possible (and young men that are to his liking). in pasolini's world there is a simple formula: lack of teeth + strange face = realism. it's all well and fine to have them toothless, but at least try to eke out some at least semi-decent performances out of these inexperienced neo-thespians, otherwise you're an amateur yourself - an amateur director, in pasolini's case. whether 3p-0 wasn't capable of this feat or simply didn't care doesn't change anything. (who knows... maybe he didn't even notice the awful acting?) 3. audio. the synchronization. if 3p-0 felt that microphones are too much of a hassle when filming a movie, then he ought to have at least made a concerted effort in post-production, i.e. getting all these bum actors to say their lines on cue in the studio, so that we the viewers wouldn't have to watch mouths move while the elusive dialogue floats elsewhere in the movie.4. lack of concept. we have close to a dozen stories which aren't connected in any meaningful way. some are anti-church (more on that later), while some are merely sex yarns i.e. cheap male (sometimes gay) fantasies designed to titillate and nothing else. the stories and characters are not amusing (if at all) on an intelligent level, but on the basest level. 10 year-old kids can laugh here... and there is nothing wrong with that, but then don't call it exalted, intellectual art! 5. as a result of point 4, there is also a lack of logic in the order of the stories. that goes without saying. pee-pee-pee could have arranged the order in any other way, and we would have had the exact same movie. this also means that you can feel free to start from the middle then go back to the beginning, etc. "decameron" is like a bowl of spaghetti that way: when you start eating it you can begin with any thread you want, it makes no difference at all.6. the pointlessness of the stories' resolutions. most stories end with a cheap gag/joke, i.e. some damn dumb punchline straight out of a porn comic-book, whereas some stories don't even have a conclusion: they merely end. finito. at best, the stories are watchable semi-anecdotes, barely any deeper meaning there - unless you find "deep" meanings in a porno. there is, of course, nothing easier than looking for and finding "meaning" where there is an absence of it. hence even any hardcore porn film can be philosophized/mused over endlessly. it's easy and fun. try it, oh ye 8 ppp fans! as for the church-bashing... some viewers get all excited about his attack on catholicism and what-not. in principal, that's all well and fine - after all, i'm an atheist myself - but what those people ignore is the simple but essential fact that pasolini was a marxist. it's like the pot calling the kettle black. a marxist criticizing the church for hypocrisy and stupidity? where does he get the nerve? besides, pasolini wasn't an atheist, hence his high-and-mighty and self-righteous stance isn't justified. after all, marxists are believers: they merely substituted the accepted god with the idea of a utopia, which is merely another supernatural wishful-thinking fantasy. hence i cannot get excited about ppp's anti-religion antics.this sophomoric humpdorama anthology ends with pasolini saying rather pretentiously: "i wonder... why produce a work of art when it's nice just to dream about it?" he wasn't actually referring to this silly little movie as art, was he...? in case he was - the poor deluded man - then i have to wonder why he didn't just leave it at dreaming, and not make all those bad movies...wanna read my altered subtitles of bergman movies? e-mail me.

i'll keep this short, as i know i don't need to say much."alive" is a strange little film that obviously appeals to some, but i found it to be shockingly bland from almost the very beginning. the film did very little to make any of the characters likable and the story at times became so convoluted that i completely lost interest. as i said, i know others enjoyed it, but i found kitamura's "alive" to be anything but - a lame, extremely boring drama disguised as a thought-provoking action sci-fi flick. i felt like i was suckered into watching this film, based by its intriguing premise and uber-exciting cover art.my suggestion? pass it up for kitamura's far more enjoyable freshman effort "versus" or his 2004 riot "godzilla: final wars"....and don't get me wrong, i'm always up for a good thinking man's film, but this certainly wasn't it. there was nary a moment that i actually cared about a single event taking place in this overly-preachy, dialogue-heavy movie.if you wanna talk about something... talk about boring.

to call a movie like "thinner" bad is like calling the earth round or pauly shore un-talented. no news, but how they got that way is what people want to know.as far as this movie.... the book was good, even if it was a little derivative of other stories from the "be careful what you wish for" genre. burke plays an overweight lawyer who kills the daughter of a gypsy and is cursed by her father (constantine from tv's "room 222") to several pounds a day. like i said, it starts out good, but why involve the mobster (mantegna)? why fire automatic weapons so much? why turn it into something so heavily dependent on fx? i thought it would have been much more effective if it focused more on the subtle ramifications of weight loss crazes, diseases, death, gypsy lore and such. but no, it's not to be. remember, this is stephen king we're talking about.and the ending... almost the same as the book, but a little too talky. in fact the whole movie talks too much, feeling it has to explain every plot turn to us. not that i expected "the dead zone", but i could have done without another "pet sematary", thanks anyway.one star for at least trying to do a halfway decent makeup job. however, the rest of the movie is left to be... say it with me... "thinner".

it was great to see some of my favorite stars of 30 years ago including john ritter, ben gazarra and audrey hepburn. they looked quite wonderful. but that was it. they were not given any characters or good lines to work with. i neither understood or cared what the characters were doing.some of the smaller female roles were fine, patty henson and colleen camp were quite competent and confident in their small sidekick parts. they showed some talent and it is sad they didn't go on to star in more and better films. sadly, i didn't think dorothy stratten got a chance to act in this her only important film role.the film appears to have some fans, and i was very open-minded when i started watching it. i am a big peter bogdanovich fan and i enjoyed his last movie, "cat's meow" and all his early ones from "targets" to "nickleodeon". so, it really surprised me that i was barely able to keep awake watching this one.it is ironic that this movie is about a detective agency where the detectives and clients get romantically involved with each other. five years later, bogdanovich's ex-girlfriend, cybil shepherd had a hit television series called "moonlighting" stealing the story idea from bogdanovich. of course, there was a great difference in that the series relied on tons of witty dialogue, while this tries to make do with slapstick and a few screwball lines.bottom line: it ain't no "paper moon" and only a very pale version of "what's up, doc".

you know what you are getting when you purchase a hallmark card. a sappy, trite verse and that will be $3.99, thank you very much. you get the same with a hallmark movie. here we get a ninety year old ernie borgnine coming out of retirement to let us know that as a matter of fact, he is not dead like we thought. poor ernie, he is the poor soul that married ethel merman several years ago and the marriage lasted a few weeks. in this flick, ernie jumps in feet first and portrays the grandpa that bonds with his long lost grandkid. we have seen it before. you might enjoy this movie but please don't say that you were not warned.

it's difficult to know where this adaptation starts going wrong, because i think the problem begins with the books themselves. alexander mccall smith has worked out that you read them not for the detective stories, but for his deeply condescending and completely spurious vision of an africa that does not exist. he's done for botswana what borat did for kazakhstan - not as successfully, but based in as much fact.once i realised this, it ceased to gall me that jill scott, an american singer/actress, is cast as mma ramotswe. if she is to represent a land that is not africa, how appropriate that she is a black woman who is not african? she's not the only american on the cast; mma makutsi is played by anika noni rose. both women are far, far too young for the roles they're playing, and far too glamorous. both brutally murder the local accents, and both focus so entirely on this brutality that they fail to offer much in the way of acting. scott's mma ramotswe is bouncy, cute and soft. rose's mma makutsi is an annoying motor-mouthed bitch.the result is almost unwatchable. the principal cast is redeemed only by the presence of lucian msamati, who turns in a decent performance as mr jlb matekoni. hes comes off smarter and more intense than in the books, but i find myself unable to blame msamati for this - he's a shining light in an ocean of suckage. the contradictions between his performance and the books are clearly laid at the feet of whichever committee of butchers wrote the script.to me, mccall smith's writing has always been highly entertaining yet notoriously bad. he refuses to be edited. as a result, his books contain experiments in grammar that border on the scientific, and characters that change name mid-sentence. it is therefore something of an achievement that the writing team on this project actually made it worse.the dialogue is now largely anglicised. characters speak of "opening up" and "sensitivity to needs". mma ramotswe and mr jlb matekoni flirt openly. mma makutsi moans about not having a computer, but given her constantly restyled hair, makeup and jewellery, i'm surprised she doesn't have a macbook in her handbag along with her visa card.so what are we left with here? it's difficult to be upset with this crappy adaptation because honestly, most of the things i like about the original books are apocryphal anyway. mccall smith paints a fictional botswana populated with cute, non-threatening black people who are full of amusing and palatable wisdom-nuggets. it reads well despite linguistic travesty, but it is a vision of how a certain type of white person wishes black people were. it just isn't true.given that, it's hardly surprising that this show sucks as much as it does. it remains to be seen whether european and american audiences will even notice, however.

i had somewhat high hopes for this since i like tim roth. i was not pleased with this film. i liked the ang lee the hulk a few years back so i figured this would have more of a bang to it. first i was very disappointed with john hurt's performance here. he looks as if his eyebrows were re-shaped for this. his performance was not convincing. he was not as good as one would expect. tim roth is cool as always here. the gama thing didn't really stick to the original story line i don't think. i guess the best part of the film was the end. it had some cool action. the only problem with the original was that it was too long. this one is not as long but it got a bit boring at times. i remember some time ago when walmart had this movie really cheap for sale and i always wondered why?. now i know. i was hoping to to get blown away, but i was not.

this reboot is like a processed mcdonald's meal compared to ang lee's very good but very underrated 2003 "the incredible hulk".ang lee's "the hulk" is a comic book movie for the thinking person. the hulk takes some time to appear (about 40 minutes), but when he does we see the conflict at our protagonist's core. he does his best to avoid losing control, but as he admits, when he does give in to his rage, he likes it.now compare this to edward norton's turn, where there is no display of conflict in his personality, and he turns into the hulk whenever he becomes excited and his pulse rate hits 200 beats per minute (not 183, not 197, but exactly 200). to this reviewer, this felt akin to the introduction of midi-chlorians in the phantom menace, which tell how strong the "force" is with one, as if mystical abilities can be gauged through a blood test. in the 2008 movie, all ed norton's bruce banner has to do is to keep his pulse rate under 200, as monitored by a device strapped onto his wrist. and for the record, it is extremely difficult to get one's pulse rate up to 200 even through a very exhilarating run, especially for a physically fit person.emotions drive eric bana's hulk. he has repressed memories of his mother's death and his father's role in his early life. on the surface he is calm, but there underneath there is significant anger, enough rage to fuel the hulk when it is unleashed. but the hulk never kills intentionally, even his attackers. mostly, he just wants to get away or close to betty ross (jennifer connelly). he incapacitates his shooters and in one critical scene, saves a fighter jet pursuing him from a collision.in the 2003 movie, the visual effects are there, but as necessary. the action scenes (and there are plenty of them) are necessary to the plot, unlike the 2008 movie where action is inserted for the sake of action.in his quest to turn it into a "fugitive" story, ed norton loses focus on how bruce banner feels about the hulk. to him, the hulk is a dangerous side effect of an experiment went awry. and louis leterrier, the director picking up on ed norton's cue, fails to add any emotional dimension to the banner-hulk relationship. the story can be summed up as: banner is pursued and hulk kicks butt, banner is pursed and hulk kick butt. repeat as necessary.the only thing that went against the 2003 movie is that it is perhaps not as true to the comic books as the 2008 version. however, even as i am a fan of the comics, i would prefer a movie that is not as true to the comics as a fanboy's dream but has heart over the comics-loyal but manufactured and soulless 2008 version any day.perhaps ang lee should have read more comics. iron man, also released in 2008, is a perfect example of a movie that is true to its comic-book roots and has heart.

somebody owes ang lee an apology. actually, a lot of people do. and i'll start. i was never interested in the ang lee film hulk, because of the near unanimous bad reviews. even the premium cable channels seemed to rarely show it. i finally decided to watch it yesterday on usa network and, wow....spoilers for ang lee's hulk and the incredible hulk was it boring! i almost didn't make it through ang lee's hulk. eric bana was expressionless, nick nolte was horrible, sam elliott was unlikeable (and that's no fun, he's usually a cool character). in fact, i honestly think they chose eric bana because his non-descript face was the easiest to mimic with computer graphics - and it was clear that the ang lee hulk was meant to facially resemble bruce banner in his non-angry state. when hulk fought a mutant poodle i was ready to concede hulk as the worst superhero movie ever.but then something happened. about 3/4 of the way through this tedious movie, there was a genuinely exciting and - dare i say it - reasonably convincing - extended action scene that starts with hulk breaking out of a containment chamber in a military base, fighting m1 tanks and comanche helicopters in the desert, then riding an f22 raptor into the stratosphere, only to be captured on the streets of san francisco. this was one of the best action sequences ever made for a superhero movie. and i have to say, the cgi was quite good. that's not to say that the hulk was totally convincing. but it didn't require much more suspension of disbelief than is required in a lot of non-superhero action movies. and that's quite a feat.of course, the ending got really stupid with bruce banner's father turning into some sort of shape-shifting villain but the earlier long action sequence put any of iron man's brief heroics to shame. and overall, apart from the animated mutant dogs, it really did seem like the cgi in hulk tried hard to convince you that he was real and really interacting with his environment. it was certainly better than i expected.ok, but what about the incredible hulk? guess what... it's boring too! it has just a few appearances by the hulk and here's the thing - the cgi in this movie is horrible. maybe the hulk in ang lee's version looked fake at times and cartoonish at others - but it had its convincing moments also. the incredible hulk looked positively ridiculous. it had skin tone and muscle tone that didn't even look like a living creature, just some sort of computer-generated texture. it was really preposterous. the lighting, environment and facial effects didn't look 5 years newer than ang lee's, they looked 10 years older. and there really is no excuse for that. we truly are living in an era where computer programmers can ruin a movie just as thoroughly as any director, actor or cinematographer ever could.worse, the writer and director of this movie seemed to learn almost nothing from ang lee's "failure". all the same mistakes are made. bruce banner is practically emotionless. the general is so relentlessly, implausibly one-dimensional that he seems faker than the hulk. the love interest is unconvincing (i have to give liv tyler credit for being more emotional than jennifer connelly, though both are quite easy on the eyes). tim blake nelson overacts almost as much as nick nolte, even though he's only in the movie for a few minutes. the hulk really doesn't do much in this movie, certainly not any more than in ang lee's version. the incredible hulk was slightly more fast-paced, but since nothing really happened anyway that's not worth much. oh yeah, the villain is every bit as phony looking as the hulk. he's actually much more interesting as a human than as a monster. this is how i can definitively say ang lee's version was better: if i ever have the chance to see ang lee's version again, i might be able to sit through it to see the good action sequences, or else to try to appreciate the dialogue a little more (more likely i'd just fast forward to the good parts). but there is absolutely not a single scene in the incredible hulk that is worth seeing once, let alone twice. it is truly at the bottom of the heap of superhero movies. the cartoonish cgi is an insult to the audience - at least in ang lee's version it seems like they were trying to make it realistic (except for the giant poodle, of course).it is absolutely mind-boggling how the filmmakers intended to erase the bad feelings associated with ang lee's hulk by making almost exactly the same movie. it is to edward norton's credit that he seems to be distancing himself from this film.

'p' (or club-p) should really be called 'l' for lame. every festival has a disappointment and this is the one that fails to live up to its much-hyped logline: "thai lesbians fighting monsters." rather, this is the tale of a khmer country girl who's grandmother has taught her a little witchcraft along with a few odd (but specific) rules: "don't walk under a clothesline," "don't eat raw meat," and "don't accept money for your powers." well, guess what folks, the girl moves to bangkok to raise some money as a 'bar-girl' and manages to break all the rules granny taught her which subsequently releases an evil spirit that conveniently kills the 'foreign johns' who pay for her services.while this film can't even be released in thailand due to it's controversial subject matter most american audiences will find this ho-hum horror pic a cross between "showgirls" and "interview with the vampire" as directed by walt disney.if not for a few scenes with significant amounts of blood the mpaa could probably rate this for pre-teens only. there is literally broadcast tv adult fare, although you'd expect at least a sex scene considering the fact that the film is about a brothel and one of the actresses is a thai porn star in real life.as for the 'lesbian' angle, there's one brief smooch and a couple of "i love you's" to prove that the two main stars really are a couple (on brother). and the p-bar has got to be the only exotic dance club on the planet where the girls keep their sarongs on and do carnival stunts (there's a swordsman who cuts cucumbers out of a girl's mouth ... ooh, phallic imagery).no nudity, no real monster (unless you count a five foot high thai spirit with yellow eyes), and no way any adult should ever pay to see this kind of stupidity except on dvd. you've been warned!

this was shown as part of the 59th edinburgh international festival, though for reasons best left to the powers that be. a lot seems to have been made of the fact that it's the first thai language film, made with thai actors & crew, but directed by a westerner. needn't have bothered to be honest, as this film is dull, dull, dull. why hint at something, why shroud an idea in mystery, why subtly invoke a feeling, when you can hammer the point home with terrible voice overs, obvious shots and over the top scenes> nothing is left to the imagination as time and time again director spurrier clumsily churns out endless clichés. no hinting, no guessing, it's all up on screen, no need to use our imaginations. wonder when the 'scary' bit is coming? no you wont, 'cause the soundtrack will get more and more intimidating, rising to a crescendo of ominously. hell, i'm making up words to describe how bad this is. wonder whether the conjured demon is real or imaginary? why tax yourself - it's really is a snake, and yes it's really is biting his crotch, and there's blood splattering everywhere. it's a strange, uneasy film for several reasons. it's supposed to be a horror film, but it's not scary - the jolts are signposted & obvious. it might be a scathing attack on the seedier side of thailand, yet the director has a sleazy, lubricious style when it comes to showing barely pubescent teens. maybe it was casting himself as the virginity-taking westerner that planted the seeds of doubt in my head. or maybe the whole thing was just pants. uninspired, insipid, repetitive, hackneyed - all candidates for best description, but dull seems most appropriate and honest. it's all been seen before, probably better, often with more thought, rarely with less imagination or flare. sorry. thumbs down on every count. truly dire.

this is said to be a personal film for peter bogdonavitch. he based it on his life but changed things around to fit the characters, who are detectives. these detectives date beautiful models and have no problem getting them. sounds more like a millionaire playboy filmmaker than a detective, doesn't it? this entire movie was written by peter, and it shows how out of touch with real people he was. you're supposed to write what you know, and he did that, indeed. and leaves the audience bored and confused, and jealous, for that matter. this is a curio for people who want to see dorothy stratten, who was murdered right after filming. but patti hanson, who would, in real life, marry keith richards, was also a model, like stratten, but is a lot better and has a more ample part. in fact, stratten's part seemed forced; added. she doesn't have a lot to do with the story, which is pretty convoluted to begin with. all in all, every character in this film is somebody that very few people can relate with, unless you're millionaire from manhattan with beautiful supermodels at your beckon call. for the rest of us, it's an irritating snore fest. that's what happens when you're out of touch. you entertain your few friends with inside jokes, and bore all the rest.

utter dreck. i got to the 16 minute/27 second point, and gave up. i'd have given it a negative number review if that were possible (although 'pissible' is a more fitting word...). unlike the sizzle you could see and practically feel between macmurray and stanwyck in the original, the chemistry between dumb ol' dicky crenna and whats-her-face here is just non-existent. the anklet becomes an unattractive chunky bracelet? there's no ciggy-lighting-by-fingertip? and i thought i'd be sick when they have a mortified-looking (and rightly so, believe you me) lee j. cobb as keyes practically burping/upchucking his way through the explanation of his "little man" to mr. garloupis. no offence to the non-sighted, but it looks as though a posse of blind men ran amuck with the set design of both the dietrichson and neff houses. the same goes for those horrid plaid pants that phyllis wears. and crikey, how much $$ does neff make, that he lives overlooking a huge marina? this, folks, again, all takes place in the first 16 and a half minutes. if you can get through more of it, you have a much stronger constitution than me, or you are a masochist. but please, take some alka-seltzer first, or you will develop a "little man" of your own that may never go away. proceed with caution, obviously.

when someone remakes a classic movie, the remake is always unfavorably compared to the original. also, there's a chance that the remake is so radically different that it is just too unfamiliar to audiences.well, the 1973 tv version of "double indemnity" has almost identical scenes and dialogue as the 1944 original. the main difference is that the remake just seems to have no energy at all. fred macmurray was great as the lecherous, leering insurance agent walter neff in the original; richard crenna just seems world-weary and tired. edward g. robinson brought great manic energy to his role as macmurray's boss barton keys; lee j. cobb, a fine actor, appears almost bored with the proceedings. samantha eggar is all wrong as the conniving, back-stabbing phyllis dietrichson; while barbara stanwyck was just superb in this wicked role, eggar is overly polite and mannered and just seems way out of place.robert webber, in the old richard gaines role as robinson's boss norton, and john fiedler taking the porter hall role as the crucial witness, bring some life to the movie. in particular, webber recreates the norton role well in a 1970s context.however, after the movie starts, the whole thing just sort of lies there, without any life or electricity. this is one film that never should have been remade.

this 1973 tv remake of the billy wilder classic is inferior to the original. surprise!first, the good things. lee j. cobb makes a terrific barton keyes. he's not as good as edward g. robinson, of course, but he's the only reason to watch this. this remake's only improvement over the original is that it cuts down the role of lola dietrichson, the step-daughter of the femme fatale, phyllis dietrichson.and that's it for the good things.the bad things are many. the director records everything in an indifferent manner: if you watched the film with the sound muted you'd hardly get the impression that anything especially interesting was happening. because of modern bad taste, the film must be in color instead of black and white. because of 1970s bad taste, all the sets are distractingly ugly. walter neff's expensive apartment, in particular, is hideous.the modern setting hurts in a lot of small ways. train trips were a bit more unusual in the 70s than in the 40s, so mr. dietrichson's decision to take a train seems more of a contrivance. men stopped wearing hats, which prevents walter from covering up his brown hair while posing as the white-haired mr. dietrichson. women in mourning stopped wearing veils, which robs samantha eggar of a prop barbara stanwyck made splendid use of in a key scene. (oddly, lola still has the line where she reveals that her stepmother was trying on a black hat and veil before she had need of them.)stephen bochco keeps much of the billy wilder-raymond chandler script the same. but he makes a lot of tiny, inexplicable changes to the dialogue which leave the script slightly flabby where once it was lean and muscular. outrageously, the famous motorcycle-cop banter is gone, but look closely and you'll see what looks like a post-production cut where those lines should have been. bochco may not be to blame.richard crenna is passable as walter neff. what might have made this version tolerable is a really splendid phyllis dietrichson. instead we get samantha eggar, who comes off like a standard-issue villainess from "barnaby jones." but who can blame eggar? with a director who barely seems interested in what's happening in front of the camera, how could barbara stanwyck herself have come off well?

let's face it, romantic comedies are considered lightweight when compared with dramatic movies (just look at the academy award nominations each year). but still, the good ones are truly an art form. look at "when harry met sally", "sleepless in seattle", and classics like "roman holiday" and "it happened one night". i like the good feeling of seeing two people destined to find happiness.this movie attempts to construct something that resembles a romantic comedy. but no one believes the romance between the main characters, and there is nothing funny to make up for that major shortcoming. modine is way past being a leading man - especially a romantic lead. i'm sure as executive producer, he had the means - but not the good sense - to cast himself. and gershon...i see possibilities of some comedic talent, but she had no script and a poorly developed character. and whose idea was the english accent? pointless.others have stated it, but i want to repeat: this story is poorly conceived, poorly executed; the actors are terribly miscast; and the characters, well, we just don't give a hoot about them.an art form this ain't. go rent "moonstruck" again.

for the life of me i can't understand the good reviews on this piece of crap. it was pointless. matthew modine was horribly miscast as a leading ladies man. gina gershon, well, others have said it, but i'll reiterate, why the stupid accent? totally unnecessary. and her acting was just bad. i don't know if she was thrown by the accent, or what. there was no chemistry between these two. and the girl modine was in love with, suddenly she's shoving half a head of lettuce in her mouth and acting in a goofy way? where did that come from? i think we were supposed to feel sorry for her as we saw her marriage to a workaholic begin to crumble, but frankly, i couldn't care less about any of these people.

this is one of those movies that appears on cable at like two in the afternoon to entertain bored housewives while they iron. the acting is second rate. poor mathew modine seems to sleepwalk through the whole film. and god help gina gershon. her accent is too over the top. it sounds nothing like an true english woman. it sounds forced and phony, much like her acting. she should stick to what she does best, lesbian showgirl con-artist who plays in a rock & roll band and has a drug problem. the other characters are no better. they are two dimensional. empty, vapid and silly. how are we to supposed to care about these people. at one point christy scott cashman get's lost in central park. really? it's not that hard to navigate central park. just follow any path out. not only did i not care about any of the characters,i downright hated them. the only reason i even stayed with this train-wreck of a film was fisher stevens. even his brilliant humor couldn't save this dying fish. each scene is typical romantic comedy fare and nothing is left to surprise us. the script was awful as was the acting. if you catch this fish throw it back!

who are these "they"- the actors? the filmmakers? certainly couldn't be the audience- this is among the most air-puffed productions in existence. it's the kind of movie that looks like it was a lot of fun to shoot too much fun, nobody is getting any actual work done, and that almost always makes for a movie that's no fun to watch.ritter dons glasses so as to hammer home his character's status as a sort of doppleganger of the bespectacled bogdanovich; the scenes with the breezy ms. stratten are sweet, but have an embarrassing, look-guys-i'm-dating-the-prom-queen feel to them. ben gazzara sports his usual cat's-got-canary grin in a futile attempt to elevate the meager plot, which requires him to pursue audrey hepburn with all the interest of a narcoleptic at an insomnia clinic. in the meantime, the budding couple's respective children (nepotism alert: bogdanovich's daughters) spew cute and pick up some fairly disturbing pointers on 'love' while observing their parents. (ms. hepburn, drawing on her dignity, manages to rise above the proceedings- but she has the monumental challenge of playing herself, ostensibly.) everybody looks great, but so what? it's a movie and we can expect that much, if that's what you're looking for you'd be better off picking up a copy of vogue.oh- and it has to be mentioned that colleen camp thoroughly annoys, even apart from her singing, which, while competent, is wholly unconvincing... the country and western numbers are woefully mismatched with the standards on the soundtrack. surely this is not what gershwin (who wrote the song from which the movie's title is derived) had in mind; his stage musicals of the 20's may have been slight, but at least they were long on charm. "they all laughed" tries to coast on its good intentions, but nobody- least of all peter bogdanovich - has the good sense to put on the brakes.due in no small part to the tragic death of dorothy stratten, this movie has a special place in the heart of mr. bogdanovich- he even bought it back from its producers, then distributed it on his own and went bankrupt when it didn't prove popular. his rise and fall is among the more sympathetic and tragic of hollywood stories, so there's no joy in criticizing the film... there _is_ real emotional investment in ms. stratten's scenes. but "laughed" is a faint echo of "the last picture show", "paper moon" or "what's up, doc"- following "daisy miller" and "at long last love", it was a thundering confirmation of the phase from which p.b. has never emerged.all in all, though, the movie is harmless, only a waste of rental. i want to watch people having a good time, i'll go to the park on a sunny day. for filmic expressions of joy and love, i'll stick to ernest lubitsch and jaques demy...

the story behind this movie is very interesting, and in general the plot is not so bad... but the details: writing, directing, continuity, pacing, action sequences, stunts, and use of cg all cheapen and spoil the film.first off, action sequences. they are all quite unexciting. most consist of someone standing up and getting shot, making no attempt to run, fight, dodge, or whatever, even though they have all the time in the world. the sequences just seem bland for something made in 2004.the cg features very nicely rendered and animated effects, but they come off looking cheap because of how they are used.pacing: everything happens too quickly. for example, "elle" is trained to fight in a couple of hours, and from the start can do back-flips, etc. why is she so acrobatic? none of this is explained in the movie. as lilith, she wouldn't have needed to be able to do back flips - maybe she couldn't, since she had wings.also, we have sequences like a woman getting run over by a car, and getting up and just wandering off into a deserted room with a sink and mirror, and then stabbing herself in the throat, all for no apparent reason, and without any of the spectators really caring that she just got hit by a car (and then felt the secondary effects of another, exploding car)... "are you okay?" asks the driver "yes, i'm fine" she says, bloodied and disheveled.i watched it all, though, because the introduction promised me that it would be interesting... but in the end, the poor execution made me wish for anything else: blade, vampire hunter d, even that movie with vampires where jackie chan was comic relief, because they managed to suspend my disbelief, but this just made me want to shake the director awake, and give the writer a good talking to.

a good idea, badly implemented. while that could summarize 99% of the scifi channel's movies, it really applies here. i love movies where a good back story is slowly revealed, and i like action movies, and i like all of the main actors, so this could have been great. however, despite some good acting, this movie fails due to bill platt's bad writing and directing.another review made the good point of needing to know where you're going so you can get there. this movie doesn't. it's put together in such a haphazard way that you know the words "second draft" are not in bill platt's vocabulary. there is one scene that is entirely unnecessary and could be removed without anyone noticing. this scene even begins and ends with them driving a car, so you could cut from one car scene to the other and never have missed the pointless scene in the middle.this movie also had a strange habit of under explaining some details while over explaining others, some to the point where you can guess the entire "plot" up front. it also had a habit of aborting a fight early, probably just because they couldn't afford it. there are also a few laughably bad scenes where the "plot" is revealed on a computer and the final battle involving conveniently placed "toxic adhesive" (seriously, what *is* that?).if you are a fan of shiri appleby, watch this movie because she's ok. she does manage to break out of her "roswell" persona a few times and make for a good tough chick (but not always). john de lancie plays the same character he plays in everything he's ever done since playing q back in st:tng, so that's nothing new.in all, i gave this movie a 4/10 rating.

when i first saw a glimpse of this movie, i quickly noticed the actress who was playing the role of lucille ball. rachel york's portrayal of lucy is absolutely awful. lucille ball was an astounding comedian with incredible talent. to think about a legend like lucille ball being portrayed the way she was in the movie is horrendous. i cannot believe out of all the actresses in the world who could play a much better lucy, the producers decided to get rachel york. she might be a good actress in other roles but to play the role of lucille ball is tough. it is pretty hard to find someone who could resemble lucille ball, but they could at least find someone a bit similar in looks and talent. if you noticed york's portrayal of lucy in episodes of i love lucy like the chocolate factory or vitavetavegamin, nothing is similar in any way-her expression, voice, or movement.to top it all off, danny pino playing desi arnaz is horrible. pino does not qualify to play as ricky. he's small and skinny, his accent is unreal, and once again, his acting is unbelievable. although fred and ethel were not similar either, they were not as bad as the characters of lucy and ricky.overall, extremely horrible casting and the story is badly told. if people want to understand the real life situation of lucille ball, i suggest watching a&e biography of lucy and desi, read the book from lucille ball herself, or pbs' american masters: finding lucy. if you want to see a docudrama, "before the laughter" would be a better choice. the casting of lucille ball and desi arnaz in "before the laughter" is much better compared to this. at least, a similar aspect is shown rather than nothing.

whoever wrote the screenplay for this movie obviously never consulted any books about lucille ball, especially her autobiography. i've never seen so many mistakes in a biopic, ranging from her early years in celoron and jamestown to her later years with desi. i could write a whole list of factual errors, but it would go on for pages. in all, i believe that lucille ball is one of those inimitable people who simply cannot be portrayed by anyone other than themselves. if i were lucie arnaz and desi, jr., i would be irate at how many mistakes were made in this film. the filmmakers tried hard, but the movie seems awfully sloppy to me.

townies is the laziest movie i have ever seen, and i saw the blair witch movies (parts one and two). it seems confused in what it wants to be. it's not funny enough for comedy, it's not tragic enough for drama, it's not bloody enough for horror, and it's not good enough for watching. it has scenes of a man doing "slapstick/bloody" karate so i think, oh this movie will be in the vein of toxic avenger and street trash. then it leaps without warning into a drama about a missing girl, a retarded (mentally handicap) woman and a trusting mother. then it slaps itself into the only good part in the movie which seems to be set up like a sitcom without the laugh tracks. the part i'm speaking of is a lonely townie who is so lonely he finds comfort in a rotting corpse. that was the only part of the movie that gave me any feeling. the rest was a waist of my life. then, just to show how cruel wayne is there is a kind of documentary at the end of the film of wayne (the director) making fun of toby (the star) in public. it made me sick. even though killer nerd and bride of killer nerd (two other movies by wayne) aren't the best, they at least are thought out enough were you can stay entertained until the ending credits. i even like killer nerd a bit, it had some great lines i still use to this day.if you like underground films, if you like overground films, and if you like to watch your feet, just resting were they are, you will not like townies!*1/2 (out of ****)

the strange people living in a town go about their lives. there's the licker a guy who licks everything, a dumpster diver that finds a body which he takes home to live with him, a crazy girl with a doll dressed like her, a guy who wants to cleanse girls of their wicked ways...offbeat in the extreme, this shot in black and white movie is better with out the color. the monochrome takes the edge off the two steps up from home movie feel. like a troma movie, this movie is fun in fits and starts but mostly its weird for weirds sake and soon becomes a crashing bore since one you see the set ups you can kind of guess where its going a lot of the time-not always- but enough for it not to be fun.(though i didn't see the cleansing coming). worth a shot if you've nothing else to watch and you're waiting for the next set of golden girls to come from netflix.

this is quite possibly the worst acting i have ever seen in a movie... ever. and what is up with the casting. the leading lady in this movie has some kind of nose dis-figuration and is almost impossible to look at for any period of time without becoming fixated on her nose. you could go to your local grocery store on a sunday afternoon and easily find 50 more qualified, better looking possible leading ladies. i made the unfortunate mistake of renting this movie because it had a "cool" dvd case. this movie looks like it is just some class project for a group of multimedia students at a local technical college. i would rather have spent the hour or so that this movie was on watching public access television... at least the special effects are better and the people on there are more attractive than anyone you will see in this film

some news reporters and their military escorts try to tell the truth about a epidemic of zombies, despite the 'government controlling the media'. the makings of the film don't understand that the george romero zombie films only worked because he kept his politics subtly in the background of most of his films ("land of the dead" withstanding). this satire is about as subtle as a brick to the face or a bullet to the head is more apropos for this scenario. what's subversive or subtle about seeing a military guy masturbating to death and destruction? anything nuanced about the various commercials that are inter-cut with the film? nope. furthermore the acting is uniformly horrible, the characters thoroughly unlikable, and the plot inane. add this all up and you have the worst, most incompetent zombie film since, "c.h.u.d. 2" reared it's hideous head.my grade: d

feeding the masses was just another movie trying to make a little money off of the zombie craze that is going around, mostly due to the popularity of movies such as land of the dead and the resident evil series.it starts at a television station, which is guarded by the military, and are reporting that the lazarus virus (zombies) are close to containment and the city will soon be free to do their business again. the problem is, this is totally false. zombies are running rampantly and only a small minority of people are aware. among them are torch (william garberina), the camera man, sherry (rachael morris), the lead anchor woman (who for some reason is listed as playing shelly on this website) and roger (patrick cohen), their military escort. torch and sherry are against lying to the people but the station is being run by secret service (or some other government agency) and they are heavily censored.this movie gives itself a pat on the back on the box-cover saying "we hold feeding the masses on a higher level than any o the three 'of the dead' films by george a. rombero." the source of that quote has lost all credibility with me.let me just say that this movie is bad. i don't mean bad like i was expecting more (i obviously was, though) but i mean bad in that i could not find any redeeming qualities in the film, whatsoever. the acting in all parts are either over done or too wooden. did anybody remember their lines or are they reading off of cue cards? i can't even think of what the best part of the movie was or the best actor/actress. there really was not one. if i had to give a nod to someone, i would say roger, the military escort was probably the most interesting character but that is really not saying much.i would have to recommend to pass on this movie, despite the box-cover looking pretty good (it's what originally drew me to the movie). 3/10

i would put this at the top of my list of films in the category of unwatchable trash! there are films that are bad, but the worst kind are the ones that are unwatchable but you are suppose to like them because they are supposed to be good for you! the sex sequences, so shocking in its day, couldn't even arouse a rabbit. the so called controversial politics is strictly high school sophomore amateur night marxism. the film is self-consciously arty in the worst sense of the term. the photography is in a harsh grainy black and white. some scenes are out of focus or taken from the wrong angle. even the sound is bad! and some people call this art?

i've seen about four other japanese horror films and they weren't too impressive. however, i could sense that there was a sensible script guiding the way.not here, no way. this is about a detective who is trying to tie together similar murders that have been happening. when he finds a suspect to question, the suspect freaks out because they keep seeing a ghost. then, the ghost starts to follow the detective around for a reason that is never explained and takes up more than half of the movie.bad enough? oh no. the film keeps switching perspectives to different characters who don't have much to do with the story. i've seen this before in other movies where it shows a different perspective. not the case here.also, whatever is happening on screen that is actually tolerable quickly ends. for example, there a few scenes with a slight instrumental score that builds up and...then it just cuts to another scene. i'm aware that this can be a dramatic effect. that's definitely not the intention here. it's just bad editing.finally, there's the "ghost" who just screams in a way that's not scary or unintentionally funny. it's annoying and it happens a lot throughout the movie.all of the scares have been done before in better ways so you can see them all coming. then after one of them, the movie is over. at that point, a wave of confusion swept over the audience as i could sense we all felt that we had wasted our time. someone did a mock clap and laughter ensued. it was better than the whole film. simply put, avoid.

the japenese sense of pacing, editing and musical score must be different than american tastes, but surely this movie could have been so much more with a little more post production work.someone in hollywood needs to re-make this movie and i think it would be a big hit. the story is interesting and creepy. there's something about the edges of the city, gritty policemen, earthquakes, sanitariums and mysterious saltwater killings that is enough to be captivating. however, this story has to make just a little bit of sense and maybe be about 40 minutes shorter.i do have to say that the "sixth-sense" effect was in full force in this movie, and that was evident from the very beginning.as it stands, only the die-hard japanese film lovers should bother seeing this oh-so-boring movie.

this kiyoshi kurosawa ghost movie is pretty wild, and it did have at least one jump scare that caught me off guard. but all in all, the movie is incredibly stupid, with a detective trying to track down a suspected serial killer, only to find out he may have committed one of the crimes. then he finds himself haunted by a gorgeous asian lady ghost, and has no idea why (and neither does the viewer). as other murders are committed, he becomes even more confused as the killers are easily found, and this ghost still haunts him for some reason. not only is the plot completely stupid, the lady ghost is more funny than anything, especially when she suddenly flies across the city, like wonder woman. and the ending makes little sense, in fact, the whole movie makes little sense, and i can't recommend it at all. if it didn't take itself so serious, i would think it was supposed to be a black comedy. outside of "bright future" this is the worst movie directed by kiyoshi kurosawa i have seen yet.

screenwriter lisa lutz began writing the screenplay at the age of 21 in 1991 is she even in business? if someone gave her another chance after this piece of crap, she's up for the most fortunate person of ever award.this movie sucks to no end...it never ceases to amaze me what the turn into movies...and the fact that they made this writer put it off for a bit? seriously? i can write better crap than this in my sleep.ok, so how many lines to i have to type? i don't get this at all. i guess i"m a newbie. i guess i don't understand why there should ever be a limit to what anyone has to say...or a quota? seriously, i don't care if you have a one word sentence...or even a one word response. i mean, c'mon? thanks...is this enough, finally?this movie is worthless.

simply put, this is the worst movie since "police academy: mission to moscow" (if you liked that movie you will probably like this one).what were they thinking ? some ideas should stay just that, an idea. the fact that this idea could itself to film should be a criminal offense.what was so bad about it i hear you ask. one word ... everything.cost to hire: $4.50 cost in time to watch: 89 minutesi want a refund on both!

oh, brother...after hearing about this ridiculous film for umpteen years all i can think of is that old peggy lee song.."is that all there is??" ...i was just an early teen when this smoked fish hit the u.s. i was too young to get in the theater (although i did manage to sneak into "goodbye columbus"). then a screening at a local film museum beckoned - finally i could see this film, except now i was as old as my parents were when they schlepped to see it!!the only reason this film was not condemned to the anonymous sands of time was because of the obscenity case sparked by its u.s. release. millions of people flocked to this stinker, thinking they were going to see a sex film...instead, they got lots of closeups of gnarly, repulsive swedes, on-street interviews in bland shopping malls, asinie political pretension...and feeble who-cares simulated sex scenes with saggy, pale actors.cultural icon, holy grail, historic artifact..whatever this thing was, shred it, burn it, then stuff the ashes in a lead box!elite esthetes still scrape to find value in its boring pseudo revolutionary political spewings..but if it weren't for the censorship scandal, it would have been ignored, then forgotten.instead, the "i am blank, blank" rhythymed title was repeated endlessly for years as a titilation for porno films (i am curious, lavender - for gay films, i am curious, black - for blaxploitation films, etc..) and every ten years or so the thing rises from the dead, to be viewed by a new generation of suckers who want to see that "naughty sex film" that "revolutionized the film industry"...yeesh, avoid like the plague..or if you must see it - rent the video and fast forward to the "dirty" parts, just to get it over with.

this film was probably inspired by godard's masculin, féminin and i urge you to see that film instead.the film has two strong elements and those are, (1) the realistic acting (2) the impressive, undeservedly good, photo. apart from that, what strikes me most is the endless stream of silliness. lena nyman has to be most annoying actress in the world. she acts so stupid and with all the nudity in this film,...it's unattractive. comparing to godard's film, intellectuality has been replaced with stupidity. without going too far on this subject, i would say that follows from the difference in ideals between the french and the swedish society.a movie of its time, and place. 2/10.

mark pirro's "deathrow gameshow" of 1987 is a black comedy that is extremely cheesy in many parts, but occasionally very funny nevertheless. this movie could certainly have been a lot better, the acting is terrible, and some extremely cheesy scenes make it hard to watch at times, but the concept is funny, and it has some hilarious moments.in the near future (the year 1991), game shows have changed. chuck todean (john mc cafferty) hosts a game show called "live or die", in which convicted death row inmates have the chance to play for their lives, and for money. candidates who fail, get executed on the air using many different methods, such as guillotines, electric chairs, and other, more bizarre devices of execution, followed by applause from the cheering studio audience. the show is, of course, more than controversial, and chuck has made lots of enemies..."deathrow gameshow" is incredibly cheesy and crappy in many aspects, and the acting is terrible, but it is without doubt fun in many parts, especially if you're a fan of dark humor. you haven't missed anything if you haven't seen it, but it is definitely funny and a good time waster. 4/10

i rented this film to see what might be a bloody, non stop action movie and got this overly sentimental and super cheap low budget action-drama that makes kickboxer look like die hard. lou and reb are in vietnam and as lou saves reb from the gooks, he gets shot in the head in what is easily one of the worst effects ever. the vietnam scenes are shot in someones backyard, i swear! lou is now brain damaged and reb and him live together and own a bar. super homoerotic. lou is convinced to fight in a cage for money and reb goes on a killing spree to get him back. there is no good fight scenes at all, the punches are two inches away from a person. characters personalities change in matter of seconds. one guy is a bad and in the next scene he's good. the acting is horrid and the music is some overly sentimental frank stallone sounding song that would make you sick. i hated this film.

cage (1989) was another one of those low budget "buddy" action flicks that were produced during the 80's thanks in large part due to the films such as 48hrs. and lethal weapon. this one stars reb brown and lou ferrigno as to former vietnam vets who happen to run a local dive bar. reb takes care of lou because he saved his life in 'nam. but lou was shot in the head and is now pretty soft. although he's huge, lou has the brain of a child. one day some ruffians throw their wait around in the bar and lou and rebb beat the tar out of them. but payback's a mother. they crash the bar leaving lou and reb with nothing. that is until these two thugs come into the picture (one of them's a real nice guy) who have a plan in mind.the film's a waste of time. maybe if they went all they way and made a hard core action flick instead of trying to tone down the gruesomeness of the situation perhaps it could have worked. alas, it doesn't and the audience is left holding the bag. oh well. it's too bad because you have all the elements for a great b-movie. better luck next time, i guess.not recommended.xxx

if you want to laugh like crazy, rent cage. cage is about two war heroes, billy and scott who are best friends. when billy is shot in vietnam, he is unable to fend for himself, so scott takes him in.i have never seen a movie with more gay references to the two main characters. billy and scott love to "wrestle" and scott tells billy that he is "still sore from last night," among other things.wonderful catch phrases like "shut the sh!t up" and "ping pang pong, cut the sh!t" will keep you laughing for hours. the native american guys that are supposed to be playing mexican gang members are also top notch. as they say, it's "party time right now. ba-ba-ba-ba ba-ba." i could go on forever, but just watch this movie and laugh your a$$ off. it was so funny i went out and bought the dvd for $5.99

i don't know what you guys are inhaling, but please stop. this movie was complete trash.macaulay culkin as kevin mccallister was lovable, cute, sweet, loving, and extremely fun to watch. he had that innocence but at the same time, he was strong as well.this new kid, alex? annoying as all hell! just a blatant ripoff at trying to match culkin's charm and grace, failing miserably at that.the villains, complete crap. harry and marv, they were such an entertaining on screen team. they were comedic, they were humorous, and just made you really want to root for culkin even more, which is what a good villain is suppose to do. these guys joe pesci and daniel stern, absolutely perfect for those roles. on the other hand, in 3, we have 4 new idiots that just bicker and again, try to capitalize on the charisma and duo charm of the first villains. not saying they were horrible, but they were not memorable or even really that entertaining. more on the corny side actually.then we got the actual movies. part 1 and 2, classics. memorable. perfect to watch around christmas and brings a wonderful christmas feeling and brings out so many emotions. it makes you fall in love with the story, and care about the characters. simply, memorable and close to being masterpieces. part 3? masterpiece of crap. enough said.all and all, i don't know why people like this. i think people really don't know what a good movie is anymore. its a crappy sequel rip-off with more unrealistic traps and a stupid new main character kid that i wish the robbers would of at least beat the crap out of.run, run away from this garbage. and lets not even start with part 4!

whoever thought that another home alone film would be a good idea should have their head examined... same plot, different kid, more villains (which leads to more endless stupidity in the traps). the other two films were bad enough, and this is where it hits rock bottom. people may as well watch the other films for plot, as it's all identical.

i hated this movie. it was absolutely horrible, poor,poor, pitiful acting, real real real stupid criminals that weren't even the least bit funny(unlike the first 2 home alone movies that were very good). all the boobie traps are weak, pathetic excuses for ideas poorly copied of of the first two which just meant that the people writing this movie were just lazy because their paycheck didn't go above 20 bucks a week. this movie is absolutely lousy, it's not worth even renting. in fact don't even watch it on t.v.! go use your eyes in a more useful way by seeing the first two! i barely give this 1 star(out of 10). just trust me when i say, if you liked the first two, and you are not a complete stupid person, you will not like this movie,do not watch this movie!!!

i loved the first two movies, but this movie was just a waste of time and money (for me and the studio). i'm still wondering why they made this horrible movie. the thing with the plastic gun and with the toy car, that can go into another house are ridiculous. joe pesci and daniel stern in the first two movies were so funny, but the terrorists in this one are so stupid and not funny. believe me this movie is just a waste of time.

remembering the dirty particulars of this insidiously vapid "movie" is akin to digging into your chest cavity with a rusty, salted spoon. perhaps "home alone 2: lost in new york" (1992) was a bit on the predictable side, but this pathetic excuse for a film is just one of the most shameless bids at commercialization i have ever heard of. a boy fighting off spies/terrorists when he's home alone in a chicago suburb with the chickenpox? ridiculous! why did this film have to be made? i am the kind of person who believes even terrible movies are not wastes of time, but rather learning experiences. however, this is actually a waste of time. it should be avoided at all costs.

home alone 3 is one of my least favourite movies. it's the cream of the crop, or s*** if you tend to be more cynical, as it ranks up (or down) there with stuff like battlefield earth and flinstones: viva rock vegas. in fact, it could even be worse than those two, since those two at least intermittently made me laugh at their stupidity. this just made me cringe in pain constantly and clap when the credits started rolling. no other movie has made me cringe in pain. now i will point out exactly why this movie is so incredibly atrocious.first off, the plot is ridiculous. it revolves around a chip in a remote control car (?!) that is misplaced and how these terrorists want it. dumb stuff.the action that ensues is similar to that of the other two home alones, with boobytraps and all, but watching these boobytraps being executed is, rather than being funny, incredibly unpleasant to watch. i didn't laugh (or even so much as smile) once, rather, i cringed constantly and hoped that the terrorists would nail the kid. the bird, rather than providing comic relief, was unfunny and annoying.the acting, as done by a bunch of no names, ranges from poor to atrocious. there is not a single good performance here. alex d.linz is absolutely unlikeable and unfunny as the kid, while the terrorists act (and judging by their movie credits, look) as they've been hastily picked off the street...and well, that's it.i can see some people saying: "man, it's for the kids. don't dis it, man." well man, kids may like this, but they can get a hell of a lot better. see monsters inc. and toy story before even considering getting this out. hell, even scooby doo and garfield (which suck - see those reviews for more) are better than this! so in short, this is an irredeemably atrocious movie. this was clearly recycled for the money, as it almost completely rips off the first two; the only thing is, it completely insults the first two as well. no human, kid or otherwise, should find any reason to see home alone 3. ever. it's that bad.0/5 stars

i would like to say that curiosity got the best of me. if only i saw a trailer, i'd be able to tell you the whole plot of the movie; i could have saved myself the most pointless one hour and forty minutes in my entire life, and about twenty dollars. this movie was a disaster waiting to happen, and it is an embarrassment to hollywood.the movie displays a vivid ignorance of reality. for example, this kid's remote control race car goes all over the neighborhood, and even enters this house. it's even covered with clothes. is it not rational to believe that a remote can no longer transmit a signal under those circumstances? hollywood obviously did not believe so. common logic and any concept of electronics dictates the opposite; i doubt the race car could even have reached the street, let alone a house across the street. another unrealistic trait is the lack of intelligence the criminals possess. why is it in all these movies, these criminals are rocket scientists until they encounter an eight-year old? the kid is meant to be the most intelligent person in the movie instead of professional terrorists? please, there's more reality in the matrix. also, the leader puts down his real pistol and "accidentally" picks up a plastic pistol; apparently, he could not tell the difference. even with a glove on, one should be able to do that. just because they look the same does not mean anything; there is other senses then sight. the traps are unrealistic as well; if any one of them actually worked, the criminals would be dead. but, hollywood intends for us to "laugh" at the "funny" results of the traps. i did not laugh; i sighed and rolled my eyes.but, i recommend this movie to anyone who thinks they have seen a really bad movie; the movie they saw will seem like citizen kane compared to this one. otherwise, skip this one for the sake of your pride. home alone 3 also raises a question. we all know alex d. linz stars in the movie, but did he write it as well?

what a disappointment, especially in light of the budget provided, the technical resources available, and the talent assembled. isn't the fundamental rule for science fiction/drama to create in the audience the willing suspension of disbelief. poa 2001 creates a plausible beginning, suckering us in, but thereinafter mr. burton forgets that his moviegoers have working brains. the over the top libertarian of helena bonham carter's chimp, the worthlessness of the humans' lockup, the ease of their escape, their extraordinary skills of horsemanship (this is an astronaut and a group of human primitives suddenly riding full tilt), the massive and immediate human rebellion all are too unbelievable. mark wahlberg never once projects any sense of real fear, danger or comeuppance in this world turned upside down. compare to the original, in which chuck heston's nakedness metaphorically captured his utter helplessness and astonishment at his turn of events. the uniformed wahlberg preserves his modesty, but also his apparent sense of management and control in an inherently wacky situation, and we never really wonder about his well being. unlike heston, he seems never to be in real jeopardy. tim burton should have used some of the f/x budget for some competent screenwriting. in fact, after this inferior fiasco, i wonder why hollywood's producers ever bothered to settle the screenwriters and directors strike threats. let them walk. trained monkeys could have done as well as they did in planet of the apes 2001. i'll bet the repeat viewings of this effort will be nonexistent. it could have been a new franchise, and a wonderful new step for imagination. another opportunity lost.

if only to avoid making this type of film in the future. this film is interesting as an experiment but tells no cogent story.one might feel virtuous for sitting thru it because it touches on so many important issues but it does so without any discernable motive. the viewer comes away with no new perspectives (unless one comes up with one while one's mind wanders, as it will invariably do during this pointless film).one might better spend one's time staring out a window at a tree growing.

"i am curious: yellow" is a risible and pretentious steaming pile. it doesn't matter what one's political views are because this film can hardly be taken seriously on any level. as for the claim that frontal male nudity is an automatic nc-17, that isn't true. i've seen r-rated films with male nudity. granted, they only offer some fleeting views, but where are the r-rated films with gaping vulvas and flapping labia? nowhere, because they don't exist. the same goes for those crappy cable shows: schlongs swinging in the breeze but not a clitoris in sight. and those pretentious indie movies like the brown bunny, in which we're treated to the site of vincent gallo's throbbing johnson, but not a trace of pink visible on chloe sevigny. before crying (or implying) "double-standard" in matters of nudity, the mentally obtuse should take into account one unavoidably obvious anatomical difference between men and women: there are no genitals on display when actresses appears nude, and the same cannot be said for a man. in fact, you generally won't see female genitals in an american film in anything short of porn or explicit erotica. this alleged double-standard is less a double standard than an admittedly depressing ability to come to terms culturally with the insides of women's bodies.

i rented i am curious-yellow from my video store because of all the controversy that surrounded it when it was first released in 1967. i also heard that at first it was seized by u.s. customs if it ever tried to enter this country, therefore being a fan of films considered "controversial" i really had to see this for myself.the plot is centered around a young swedish drama student named lena who wants to learn everything she can about life. in particular she wants to focus her attentions to making some sort of documentary on what the average swede thought about certain political issues such as the vietnam war and race issues in the united states. in between asking politicians and ordinary denizens of stockholm about their opinions on politics, she has sex with her drama teacher, classmates, and married men.what kills me about i am curious-yellow is that 40 years ago, this was considered pornographic. really, the sex and nudity scenes are few and far between, even then it's not shot like some cheaply made porno. while my countrymen mind find it shocking, in reality sex and nudity are a major staple in swedish cinema. even ingmar bergman, arguably their answer to good old boy john ford, had sex scenes in his films.i do commend the filmmakers for the fact that any sex shown in the film is shown for artistic purposes rather than just to shock people and make money to be shown in pornographic theaters in america. i am curious-yellow is a good film for anyone wanting to study the meat and potatoes (no pun intended) of swedish cinema. but really, this film doesn't have much of a plot.

this film, once sensational for its forward-thinking politics and depictions of free love and sexual liberation, has been reduced by time to a mere curiosity. it seems absurd now that this mostly boring little film had been banned and seized by governments in many countries. given how socialistic sweden eventually became, the 'radicalism' of its politics, once controversial, appear naive and almost mainstream four decades later. and its sex scenes, at one time the subject of sensational obscenity trials, look pretty tame in a modern context. nevertheless, the film and accompanying documentaries detailing its many controversies and influences remains marginally watchable as an early reliquary of 60's youth rebellion. one part of the film that still holds up: its self-consciousness with respect to the 'fourth wall'. every once in a while, the filmmakers film themselves making the film. the satiric playfulness of this still elicits a chuckle.

this movie was a long build-up with no climax. people whom refer to the swordfight in the end as great must either be out of their minds, or have none. way too often this movie got soft. i am not saying that soft movies are bad. but no matter how fond you are of sugar it should have no space on a t-bone steak. this movie was supposed to be about vengeance for crimes committed against a culture, but it ended up being a petty bar-brawl. and there was only one of them who actually knew what a sword was; tim roth's character (and yes, he plays him well). rob roy was a weak "hero" with no knowledge of how to use a sword, and the way he "won" was a disgrace. as a drama this movie had it's periods, but the best performance in it has to go the nature of scotland. this is one tad breath short of being termed as "soap" in my book.

born, raised, and educated in scotland, i was appalled at this disgusting portrayal of a man who was no more nor less than a cattle rustler. worse yet, the thread of the entire movie was sex in one form or another, by implication or verbally. to view it, one would think that 18th century scotland was populated by a bunch of sex perverts and homosexuals. lange was a joke acting as the "young" mother at age 49 but liam neeson was even worse! taking a "bath" in a scottish loch is not commonplace as they portrayed him - but, it did give them yet another opportunity to demonstrate how sexually driven we were. save your money and watch pinnochio.

how does a scotsman in a kilt make love in the bonny purple heather? very,very carefully.now i have the distinct advantage over many other of the reviewers in that i was born in scotland.far too many americans take this simplistic nonsense seriously.it's a joke,people,"four legs good - two legs bad",as orwell had it. jessica lange has an accent that the wells - next - the - sea amateur dramatic society's production of "brigadoon" would turn down. liam neeson - apparently popular with the ladies - wears his kilt with all the authority of a man whose great grandmama once stepped off the train at edinburgh waverley. and the auld enemy?where would the scots be without them to hate and blame for everything?messrs roth,cox and hurt should be ashamed for indulging in such racist stereotyping. "robin hood - prince of thieves" seems a masterpiece of historical accuracy in comparison.and at least alan rickman was funny.

i am curious is really two films in one - half of it is the sexual experimental side of lena and the other half is her curiosity with political/socialism. whatever the director's intention, the two don't really mesh together. the director should have just stuck with the romantic side of lena and made a separate movie for the politics. there is a bizarre mixture of political/war rallies, dr. king, serious political interviews, flopping breasts, and pubic hair. the film feels more like a fictional documentary than a movie. other than the interesting sex scenes, you'll be bored dry watching this film. unlike many other reviewers, i think the nude/sexual scenes are overdone for what it is. if you want to see real porn, i'm sure there are better choices. the pervasive nudity is a major distraction from whatever plot there is. i think the cast did a fine job however. they played their parts believably. there is little of the over-the-topness i'm so used to seeing in the american films during this time.

well, where to begin? i guess i can start with the general complaint regarding the way in which this film is marketed. call me ignorant for not knowing of schneebaum's book before viewing the documentary that has been based off of it and decide that i have been living under some kind of a rock, but don't blame me for picking this movie up since the title and the description on the box makes no note of the fact that this "documentary" is actually a companion to said book. yeah, i felt quite stupid after viewing this little flick seeing as how the reason as to why i sat down to watch it in the first place was to get a good serving of a "modern cannibal tale." i mean, am i a fool for expecting this film to actually cover most of its story on the behavior of cannibalism in jungle tribes? i certainly didn't expect an hour and forty-five minutes of one old geezer kissing his own ass by whining about every little detail of his dull and worn out life. i certainly didn't expect the insipid directing and i most notably did not foresee myself laughing so hard at tobias schneebaum and all of his off-putting glory.schneebaum is indeed unlikable. the old man just rambles and bitches the entire film making the whole picture a personal tale of his even though he isn't even that interesting a character to fill a story. oh really? he was a cannibal? ninety percent of the movie is focused on next to nothing regarding schneebaum's dirty past. the only time that we really get to see some cannibal action is when tobias finally breaks his little silent treatment about what happened to him in peru and say that he had "a small piece." that's it, folks. ninety minutes of bull later and tobias schneebaum is a cannibal by three inches. it's like calling a movie "the life of a true don juan" only to see that the only the time the protagonist of said film did something sexual happened during college when he once played "just the tip." unbelievable.the directing is, indeed, superbly ghastly as there is no flow or rhythm to the story that is being told. alright, i understand that i didn't read schneebaum's volume before watching his celluloid tale of it, but i can still recognize some bad pacing and even worse editing. one minute schneebaum is talking about cruise ships and tourism and the next he's going on and on about how he can't drive and then jumps to talking about some dead relative or some failed and miserable saga in his life. i mean, jesus, can you at least slam his back story to the first part; follow up with some stuff covering his homosexuality and then end it off with a hearty look into his visit to peru? also: i don't particularly care much for schneebaum's insipid little quips on life and living, but i at least implore the old man to keep consistent with his ramblings. if i hear a guy talking about how he prefers life in the jungle i don't expect him to suddenly bitch and moan about wanting to go back home twenty minutes later. absurd.another note on the directing is the random clips from the story at hand to the small little television appearances in which our hero has appeared. while some might find the clips to be fancy little breaks from the story, the director has overused the gimmick and broken his entire film into pieces by seemingly attempting to place most of the efforts of telling the story on the old reels.the bottom line, here, is that tobias schneebaum is a fraud. pure and simple. i know that i haven't read the book, but i'm still holding on to the argument that this film is totally useless by noting that a good film must stand on its own. this documentary relies way too much on the assumption that the viewer is already an avid fan of schneebaum's work and instead goes on from that assumption like a supplemental disk found on a dvd. schneebaum is both arrogant and bitchy, striking a sour combination when mixed with the fact that his story is remarkably un-riveting. if you're looking for a solid piece on the nature of humans and cannibalism, turn away because "keep the river to your right" is an embarrassingly hilarious self-serving rant over a man who is long overdue for a straight-jacket and a gag.

very low-budget police procedural film about homicide detectives trying to solve the murder of a woman whose body turns up in a stolen car in central park, and their only clue is a tattoo on her arm. although released by rko, this has the look of an independent production that was picked up by the studio for distribution. the cast and crew, with a few exceptions--among them a young and uncredited jack lord, director edward montagne and cameraman william steiner--are comprised of complete unknowns, and it shows. the performances are universally sub-par and wouldn't pass muster in a high school training film, the direction is stodgy and choppy and, as mentioned previously, there's no chemistry whatsoever between the lead actors. however, despite the film's many shortcomings, it does have a few good points. the location shooting in new york city, and the film's ultra-low budget, gives it a gritty authenticity much like that of the far superior "the naked city", a shootout in a dark basement is decently handled, and some of the investigating procedures are clever. otherwise, it's not much to write home about. it is worth a look, however, for a glimpse at the seamier sections of new york city in the early 1950s, and old-car buffs will be ecstatic to see the legions of '30s and '40s cars in the streets..

"demons iii: the ogre" is not related pre-sequel are on "the demons" and "the demons 2 are cool hip horror 1980 classic."demons iii: the ogre" is very stupid, bored, cheap monster. i am very confuse about the writer is "demons iii: the ogre" (lamberto bava and dardano sacchetti are poor quality writer and stupid who the bored william shakespeare ghost or demon's egg from spider's web or what huhuhuhuhu make the girl dream). i am very sorry, very very very very boring movie. i bought the special dvd box called "demons" on the 3 different movies called "demons iii: the ogre", "the other hell", and "black demons" don't have closed captioned and subtitles is cost $ 14.99 from best buy store in the city of downey. why the lamberto bava and dardano sacchetti are poor quality writer who make the stupid movie almost like "halloween iii" don't have michael myer monster but the people wear halloween. i am very confused. i really love "the demons" and "the demons 2 are better the boring stupid "demons iii: the ogre" is not part for "the demons" and "the demons 2" are same demons.thank you juan antonio de la torre

(aka: demons iii)made for italian tv although shot in english and was never meant to be a sequel to the earlier demons films. it was supposed to be simply titled, the ogre, which is how director lamberto bava had released it.an american family rents an italian villa for the summer. the woman (virginia bryant) has recurring dreams of herself as a little girl going down to the old wine-cellar of this villa an encountering this cocoon-like structure hanging down from the ceiling. it glows and is covered in cobwebs and has what looks like spider or insect legs hanging down from it. it drips what looks like green paint.of course the husband doesn't believe any of this. the villa just is old and creaks and makes strange noises in the middle of the night and she should just ignore it.but then the ogre itself appears in what looks like some kind of 16th centaury costume with what looks like a wolf's head attached to it and it's attracted to the scent of orchids.the films isn't really that bad and at least the dialog is halfway intelligent without the ridiculous awkward phrases that dubbing would bring. there's no real gore other than some skeletons rotting in a basement pond that really looks like the bottom of a modern swimming pool. the ogre itself just simply fades away after it is run over by the family's jeep cherokee. the copy of the shriek dvd i watched was defective, with the picture going black for a few seconds about a half an hour into the film, a flaw i hope shriek has since corrected. extras include a short interview with lamberto bava where he explains how this wasn't a sequel, etc..etc...along with some trailers to other shriek dvd releases. this is pretty standard stuff.3 out of 10

this was really a very bad movie. i am a huge fan of italian horror, argento, mario bava, fulci and yes, even our good friend here lamberto sometimes comes out with a good one. i found the first two 'demons' films to be highly entertaining - they were so bad they were great but this one is just so bad that it is really, really bad. it is intensely boring, the story never goes anywhere and i hated the characters - the wife slapping husband and whiny cry-baby pain in the *** wife drove me mad, there was nowhere near enough of the story devoted to the ogre who was probably the best actor in the whole film. i turned it off about three quarters of the way through because i was very, very bored! don't bother.

the thing that really gets me about this movie (that is, the thing about this movie that makes me physically ill) is that someone actually paid to have it made. there is absolutely no purpose for the existence of this movie. it is not frightening, it is not thought provoking, it is not entertaining, it is not good. it is a sleeping pill made of cyanide. the dvd case compares it to blair witch, evil dead, and a few other decent movies, making the filmmaker's desperation glaringly obvious. it is nothing like any other movie ever made; it is far, far worse. the claims of an "extremely shocking ending you will never forget" are the equivalent of one ton of stinking horse droppings. please do not ever waste your time watching this piece of trash, because it may make you sterile. the man who wrote this movie should be wiped off the writer's guild membership list, and never allowed to film anything again. because if he thought this was a movie worth making, he probably does not have much of anything to offer in the future. zero stars. may grod have mercy on the soul of anyone unfortunate enough to see this. i am going to go vomit now.

this movie was extremely boring. it should least not more than 15 minutes. the images of child and animal being killed were little bit disturbing.usually i don't write comments but this one was so bad having so many good and excellent comments. i think in this case we are one step closer to honest assessment of this title.what more can i say? i fall asleep during this movie 3 times. it was about 4 hours after i had woken up from 8 hours long sleeping period. i think it is the point itself.there is no dialog between characters except maybe 2 sentences at the very end.when you fall asleep once watching it do not try to rewind and catch up because you will fall asleep again.

so, where are the cannibals? those intrigued by the title and the 'real cannibal' appeal of this film will be let down. instead, we are shown a strange man and his re-visiting of a papua new guinea village full of natives, one of whom was his lover several decades prior. the man, tobias schneebaum is new york jewish as they come and somehow, this is intertwined with the documentary as he appears in his yamika in several scenes.there are no real cannibals here: only stories relayed by some of the natives and by tobias himself. not all together a bad film. very interesting and great cinematography. schneebaum remains highly likable throughout and provides us with a fascinating glimpse into a life that is about as far removed from western civilization as one can get.it's just not what it claims to be on the cover and in the plot summary.4 out of 10, kids.

the plot is straightforward an old man living off a main road in woodland one day witnesses a man murdering a child in the woods. soft for digging follows the old man's attempts to try and convince the police that what he saw was not a figment of his imagination. however, there is a problem each time the old man guides the police to where the murder happen no corpse can be found. soft for digging has a diminutive dialogue which reflects the majority of the scenes of the film, an old man living by himself in a house. during the film i found that i was scared twice namely when the murdered child abruptly appears before the old man. the rest of the film i have to admit did not engage me; i found the tempo of the film a little too slow. the limited dialogue was not a problem. however, the development of the story and its conclusions, after watching the film, took too long. i feel more could have been made of the relationship, ghostly encounters, with the child and the old man. alone in the woods at night unsure of your own mind can lead to some eerie situations, children are always scary as ghosts, see dark water.

jerry spies tom listening to a creepy story on the radio and seizes the opportunity to scare his nemesis.i didn't find this particular episode that funny: the humour seemed rather constrained and the whole set up was kinda lame (jerry is essentially the 'bad guy' in this one, tormenting poor tom for no particular reason).there is the occasional flash of inspiration (such as tom's literal 'heart in mouth' experience, and the moment when his nines lives are sucked out of his body), but, on the whole, this effort lacks the frenetic pacing, excellent animation and sheer wit of most of t&j's other cartoons.

tom is listening to one of those old-time radio broadcasts, something kids from the 1950s to today would watch on tv. however, they didn't television when this cartoon was made so people got their entertainment - from comedies to music to scary stories - from the radio. tom is literally shaking in his boots listening to some story about the "phantom." he's actually literally doing everything the narrator is saying, such as "hair standing on end, icy chills race down her spine, her heart beats in her throat," etc. jerry, meanwhile, is watching tom and laughing his butt off at his scaredy- cat antics.we then get a taste of what we will see for many years after this 194- cartoon in which jerry tortures tom for no reason other than sadistic pleasure. if the cat asks for trouble, that's one thing, but when he's minding own business and jerry is physically (and in this case, mentally) abusing him, i have a hard time rooting for the "little guy."these early t&m efforts also were a minute longer than all that followed. sometimes that one minute makes a difference. it did here as this actually dragged for awhile. it could have been cut to five minutes without missing anything because the sketches went on too long. that's usual for tom and jerry's. usually, they are much faster-paced.

don't bother trying to watch this terrible mini series. it is a six hour bore, an unbelievable love triangle between three people who have absolutely no chemistry for each other. there is no heat in this story, no real passion, no real romance. it is a dry, boring, drawn out, and uninspired as they come. and it doesn't even meet the expected level of technical proficiency. take those six hours of your life and use them for something more worthwhile.

this is the worst piece of crap i have seen recently. there is nothing good about this movie. the plot is plain stupid, dialogs don't make any sense, humorous scenes never heard anything about the real humor. actors just don't play, the worse they don't even try. the script itself is somewhat which is in the same league with ed wood and uwe boll. there is only one good thing in this flick, the fights. they are well choreographed as one would expect of the hong kong guys, and are the only reason to watch prince of the sun. although i believe the fights are just supposed to fill the empty space so that the screenwriter didn't have to bother thinking about the storyline. however, this weak and absurd plot may prevent you from watching it to the end. avoid it unless you are fan of the dragon lady cynthia rothrock.

oliver hardy awakens with a hangover and soon learns that his uncle is coming to see ollie's new wife and baby. the problem is, they don't exist--ollie apparently made them up! so, it's up to him and his pal to locate a lady with a baby who will agree to pose as his family.this isn't a particularly unique story idea, as i've seen at least a couple other silent shorts with this exact plot. the best of these was bobby vernon's don't kid me. it is much better than one too many--probably much of this was due to it being made a decade later--when comedy became a bit more sophisticated and relied less on pointless slapstick. now i am not against physical comedy, but in some slapstick films, people starting shooting guns wildly, kick and strangle each other, etc. with little provocation. sadly, at the end of one too many, that's exactly what they do. none of it makes sense and it was as if they'd just run out of story ideas.overall, not exactly a milestone in entertainment. there's just not enough payoff to merit watching it unless you are an obsessive silent fan like myself.

stan laurel and oliver hardy had extensive (separate) film careers before they were eventually teamed. for many of ollie's pre-stan films, he was billed on screen as babe hardy ... and throughout his adult life, hardy was known to his friends as 'babe'. while touring postwar britain with laurel in a music-hall act for bernard delfont, hardy gave an interview to journalist john mccabe in which he explained the origin of this nickname: early in his acting career, hardy got a shave from a gay hairdresser who squeezed hardy's plump cheeks (the ones on his face) and said 'nice baby!' hardy's workmates started crying him 'babe', and the nickname stuck.although much of hardy's pre-laurel work is very interesting -- notably his comedy roles in support of larry semon and the chaplin imitator billy west -- his teamwork with billy ruge (who?) in a series of low-budget shorts for the vim comedy film company is very dire indeed. hardy and ruge were given the screen names plump and runt: names which are unpleasant in their own right, but made worse because ruge (although shorter than hardy) isn't especially a runt. seen here, hardy looks much as he does in his early hal roach films with laurel ... but without the spit curls and the fastidious little moustache.'one too many', an absolutely typical plunt and runt epic, is direly unfunny ... and its dreichness is made even more conspicuous by the fact that this film has exactly the same premise as 'that's my wife', one of laurel and hardy's most hilarious films. plump (hardy) is the star boarder in a rooming-house run by a tall gawky landlady. runt (ruge) is the porter. plump receives a letter from his wealthy uncle john, whose dosh he expects to inherit. his uncle is coming to see him and to meet plump's wife and baby. there's only one problem: plump hasn't got a wife and baby. he's been lying to his uncle in order to seem a family man. now, of course, plump expects runt to find him a wife and baby on short notice. of course, the results are disastrous. it would be nice if those disastrous results were funny, but they aren't. most of the unfunny humour here is just empty slapstick, with characters settling their arguments by shoving each other into bathtubs.spoilers coming. vim director will louis (who?) shows no instinct for camera framing: the actress who plays the landlady is significantly taller than hardy, and louis consistently sets up his shots so that her head is out of frame. this could be funny if done on purpose, but it's merely inept. at one point in this bad comedy, an extremely tasteless gag is looming on the horizon as runt approaches a black laundress. 'surely they wouldn't stoop that low for a laugh,' i thought. but they do. runt steals the woman's black infant and tries to fob this off as plump's progeny.somehow, plump acquires an infant's cot, but he still hasn't got a baby. with uncle john coming up the stairs, plump conscripts runt for babyhood. this gag might just possibly have worked with a midget, or even with a truly runt-sized actor such as chester conklin, but billy ruge is only slightly below average height. ruge's impersonation of a baby is neither believable nor funny, and uncle john would have to be a complete moron to fall for it. amazingly, he does!the most notable aspect of 'one too many' is a brief appearance -- apparently her only-ever film appearance -- by madelyn saloshin, oliver hardy's first wife. the marriage was not a happy one, although hardy's marital troubles never attained the epic proportions of stan laurel's. only one thing in this movie impressed me. there is a very brief flashback sequence, with hardy reminiscing about his seaside romance with a bathing beauty. in 1916, there was still not yet a standard film grammar for conveying flashbacks: the one shown here is done gracefully and simply. too bad this movie has no other merits. 'one too many' is definitely one film too many on oliver hardy's cv, and i'll rate this movie just one point out of 10. laurel and hardy together are definitely much funnier than either of them separately.

"in 1955, tobias schneerbaum disappeared in the peruvian amazon. one year later he walked out of the jungle...naked. it took him 45 years to go back." supposedly, "keep the river on your right" is "a modern cannibal tale". in reality, anyone looking for some insight into cannibalism will be sadly disappointed. the first half of the movie is more like a travel log of new ginuea, mostly touting the native art. the second half relies on still photos of a peruvian cannibal tribe, but really that's about it. unless of course, you are interested in home movies of a jewish wedding, or schneerbaum introducing his former male lovers. i give up. big disappointment and not really "a modern cannibal tale." - merk

well the reason for seeing it in the cinema was that it was a sneak preview, else i would never have seen this terrible teenage slasher movie. i mean haven't we had enough of this yet? scream and scary movie at least did not take them self serious! the plot sucks, and the acting is the worst i've seen. (only godzilla can compare, which is also the only movie that competes in being the worst i've seen in the cinema with this one.)there is so many plot holes in the story, and the girls are so alike, that you don't even now who has been killed, and who has not. (and you don't care.) the only of them i knew in advance was denise, and she was the most talent less actress i have ever seen in this bad excuse for a movie.stay as far away from this movie as possible. (2/10)

this movie in away was super-clever. it's theme rhymes with every single horror movie ever made. valentine makes zero attempt to be original. what is valentine anyway? it's a bunch of people giving each other the same lame messages that were given to the same people a year earlier. there is nothing original in valentine. i only saw it once, and in that one viewing here are some of the films it ripped off. 1.prom night 2.carrie 3.scream 4.any other horror movie in which somebody is killing somebody.i know there is more, but my mind was slowly turning into a puddle of silk so it couldn't grab them as fast as they came.valentine had no chance of being a good movie. how come every horror movie has to have a "suprise" killer, people you don't care about because their emotions take a turn every other scene. one minute a nice girl turns into an evil b--ch, then she's an insecure woman, and so on and son on.normally any horror movie (in my book) can be saved by gore, once again valentine doesn't have this. it was as if they tried to make it pg-13 but failed, so they left the edit. do not see this overly-inspired, rip-off unless you hate yourself, and you want to die.*1/2 (3) -j.leonard rollins-

its plain to see why the makers of scary movie found it so easy to spoof these 'teen slasher' movies. they are so unbelievably formulaic. and if valentine had been released a year or so earlier, i'm sure they would have been spoofing this film too - that's if they found any actual original material to distinguish it from the screams, i know what you did last summers, and urban legends.valentine offers nothing new to this genre, except a better than usual ending which, of course, leaves lots of room for the inevitable sequel. as always, a masked psychotic killer stalks a bunch of beautiful young women, killing the main character's friends, one by one, in typically over the top style. lots of t&a on display, no character development, bad acting, and overly elaborate bloodshed.the thing i can't stand about these kind of movies is that they pass themselves off as 'who done its?'. the thing is that they aren't because the motive is only revealed once the killer has unmasked, and tells the main character who's friends have now all been murdered. usually something that was never made at all clear during the film anyway (eg. main character's mother's uncle's fishing partner kicked his friend's father's dog). everybody still left alive throughout the film is a 'suspect', but they are more 'red herrings' than suspects. as we all know at this point the main character manages an implausible escape and kills the unmasked psycho killer after the motive is revealed.valentine followed this formula almost to the letter. ***************spoiler!!!!!! (mini spoiler anyway)*************** in valentine the motive was not revealed, but more, left for you to think about given that the film didn't quite conclude in the typical 'teen slash' way. the issue is only part resolved, and the goal of the lead killer may or may not have been fulfilled by surviving the bloodshed and killing almost everybody. will the killer want more, or were the demons truly vanquished?this still didn't make valentine a good film, instead it simply saved it from being as bad as usual, which still doesn't count for much. to anybody thinking of making another film along these lines, please don't. originality is so important, and its hard to see any originality coming out of this genre.

the good: i liked this movie because it was the first horror movie i've seen in a long time that actually scared me. the acting wasn't too bad, and the "cupid" killer was believable and disturbing.the bad: the story line and plot of this movie is incredibly weak. there just wasn't much to it. the ways the killer killed his victims was very horrifying and disgusting. i do not recommend this movie to anyone who can not handle gore.overall: a good scare, but a bad story.** out of *****

"valentine" is another horror movie to add to the stalk and slash movie list (think "halloween", "friday the 13th", "scream", and "i know what you did last summer"). it certainly isn't as good as those movies that i have listed about, but it's better than most of the ripoffs that came out after the first "friday the 13th" film. one of those films was the 1981 canadian made "my bloody valentine", which i hated alot. "valentine" is a better film than that one, but it's not saying much. the plot: a nerdy young boy is teased and pranked by a couple of his classmates at the beginning of the film. then the film moves years later when those classmates are all grown up, then they're picked off one-by-one. the killer is presumed to be the young boy now all grown up looking for revenge. but is it him? or could it be somebody else? "valentine" has an attractive cast which includes denise richards, david boreanaz, marley shelton, jessica capshaw, and katherine heigl. they do what they can with the material they've got, but a lackluster script doesn't really do them any justice. there are some scary moments throughout, however. ** (out of four)

i saw this in the market place at the cannes film festival. it's a real cheapo prod - nothing wrong with that but you have to make up for it with a bit of sex or gore or both. think larry cohen. sean young is an interesting actor - well done to the producers for hooking her i guess.the opening scene in the space-ship coming down is hilarious - you could picture all the crew hands shaking it around! ha ha - but i wish the people who made this well - at least it's not pretentious.

this is the only movie i have ever seen that has prompted me to write a critique on any internet site, and that is a significant statement from someone who likes "the attack of the monolith monsters." this movie is perfect for anyone who wants an inoffensive movie. it is devoid of sex and violence, for example. i believe that this movie is safe for children of all ages. this movie is perfect for anyone who does not want to be entertained, challenged, or stimulated in any way. adults could easily catch up on their sleep in front of the tv while the kids watch this movie. don't be surprise ,however, if you wakeup to find the kids have turned the tv off and started a board game. as an adult who enjoys being entertained, who enjoys everything from the mundane to the fantastic in realism, drama, comedy, and action, all of those adult things that reflect real life on earth and/or stimulate the imagination, this movie has nothing to offer.

bad movie - saw it at the tiff and the movie gives me a sense of 'been there done that' - it reminds me alot of the movie blow - expect the blow was actually interesting.this one story told two ways and both times it is not told that well.

the premise was intriguing, but sadly this film just doesn't do any justice to it. the casting was quite good, and it was shot beautifully - but stylistically much of the direction was inconsistent (overstylized fast editing been there done that to no effect.... i was waiting for steven bochco to run in the credits followed by a commercial), characters were identified exclusively by on-screen coke usage (and pretty much everything else left to boogie nights for character development), and no personable characters to draw the viewer into the story. a very forgettable film.

the plot certainly seemed interesting enough. how can a real-life brutal murder be turned into a truly boring movie? well, you can watch "wonderland" and find out.i had heard of the wonderland murders before this film was released and found it to be an interesting true story of some genuinely sadistic people. unfortunately, there is zero character development, so we never get a chance to understand why any of this was done or get a good sense of the interrelationships between the characters. the pace of the direction was very tedious. this all leads to an extraordinarily boring movie.given that dawn schiller - a central character as holmes's girlfriend - was an associate producer and that holmes's wife was a consultant on the film, we should have had the opportunity to gain some real insight into the characters.

val kilmer, solid performance. dylan mcdermott, solid performance. josh lucas, solid performance. three very engaging actors giving decent performances. the problem is, who cares about the plot? john holmes. infamous for his well-endowments, a drug addict, and a guy who, despite contracting aids, continued to make adult films, just does not make an intriguing character.the story surrounds the events leading up to and the aftermath of a vicious mass murder that occurred in the late 80's in los angelos to which holmes was linked, arrested and charged with murder, and who ultimately was acquitted. just like in the case of o.j., the guilt factor, regardless of the outcome, ranged quite high in the "he did it" zone.there is no one to sympathize with in this film, as everyone is a self-serving criminal. there is just nothing remotely interesting here.

unlike others, i refuse to call this pitiful excuse for a movie a triumph of style over substance (i don't want to give style a bad name). still, it's the most apt description that comes to mind.a pointless, unpleasant and ultimately meaningless assault on the eyes and ears, "wonderland" leaves one wondering only why the film was made in the first place and who in their right mind gave the greenlight to this dreary and tangled mess. a biography of porn star john holmes? a study of who the man was, why he went into the business and how it affected him? great. bound to be compelling, bound to be entertaining. bound to be enlightening and fascinating on about a million levels (and i have zero interest in porn).but a confusing, violent, rashomon-style study of a series of murders holmes was connected with after his career ended? who in hell cares? what insights do we gain? this film completely ignores the most interesting aspect of john holmes's life -- that he was a porno star! "wonderland" might as well have been about anyone: the fact that the main character is the most famous male adult film star in history is almost irrelevant.to make matters about a thousand times worse, the picture is loaded down with jerkoff gimmicks -- annoying machine gun editing, sloppy dogme-95 camerawork, unnecessary split-screen graphics and animation, etc. etc.in the absence of a compelling story and unique main character, the director (and i use the term loosely) has thrown together a dozen or so techniques from other films and decided to call the resulting mess a movie, among these: the trendy, bleach-bypass look of "narc" or "traffic" or "minority report;" the frantic, often incomprehensible, throw-the-pieces-of-film-in-the-air cutting style of "natural born killers" or "28 days later;" the fill-every-moment-of-silence-with- an-old-song-to-evoke-the-period soundtrack of "goodfellas" or "blow;" the groovy, retro title sequence of "velvet goldmine" or "autofocus" or "catch me if you can." the list goes on and on and on. pathetic.i wanted to like this movie. i had real hopes for it. "wonderland avenue" had been around for years; had the context of the murders been emphasized rather than the murders themselves, i think it could have worked. had the murders (and holmes's growing involvement with seedy l.a. types) signaled the end of a career, or the end of the swinging '70s, i think the film could have had meaning; it could have served a purpose. as it is -- meaningless. pointless. who cares how many perspectives exist on a series of murders generally unknown by the public? the case isn't famous enough to merit such painstaking examination.this film should have been the third act of "the john holmes story." that's it. period. and it could have worked. what's that? oh, right, right, they didn't want to tell a traditional rise-and-fall story. they didn't want to make "boogie nights" or "goodfellas" or "star 80" or "autofocus." they wanted their film to be different. right?well, in one sense, they succeeded. there's a big difference between those films and "wonderland." the difference is those films are good.

i am wanting to make a "holmes with doors" pun but i can't quite string it all together. suitably grubby and over edited wonderland gives kilmer a role that channels morrison at the same time....but how coy is this film about the famous 14 inches! australian crime films flash it all the time and skip the graphic violence instead.....as someone famous said once about us cinema double standards: "kiss a breast and it's an x, stab it and its an action pg 13"... wonderland is 14 minutes too long too, and at the end the tawdry spiral we were all glad to escape the cinema. how many films called wonderland are we going to get? there must be six in the last decade. the pixilated violence and muted color sets the seedy tone but the wobble-cam gets tiresome, as if we are gawking at their nostrils all the time. taking a few cues form the doors and taxi driver it all becomes forgettable the next day.

i was excited when i heard they were finally making this horrific event into a movie. the whole era (1980's southern california) and subject matter (drug and porn industry) is intriguing to me. i thought this would be a sure fire hit. i was not thrilled with the choice of kilmer as holmes, they do not resemble each other in physical appearance or mannerisms. i guess he sells tickets? however, i was willing to overlook this and give it a fair shot. i was a bit shocked that there were only like four other people in the entire theater with me on that first day of showing. now the whole crime and story in the film is hard to do, i will admit that. there were no witnesses to this very violent and brutal act. john holmes was there, but he was also a pathological liar and worried about what would happen to his family (and self) if he talked to police about it. in fact, holmes never really testified about what happened and the crime did go unsolved. so this was still really one big mystery, a mystery that this movie does nothing to cast light on. the person writing the screenplay had a whole lot of discretion and most of the principal characters are dead. however, there is no real storyline, it is fragmented claptrap. the script is light and the actors try to hard to beef up paper thin lines by overacting. the film gives no insight into holmes or the other people involved. kilmer's character disappears for long stretches, his girlfriend is dull, the police are jokes. even kudrow tries hard to make a flimsy role look substantial. it is a very shallow piece and dare i say, boring. the director even tries to turn it into a love story. which is nice, unless you know anything about what a piece of trash john holmes really was. perhaps a couple of viewings of anderson's "boogie nights" might have helped here. "boogie nights" was innovative and exciting in all regards. this film on the other hand was flat and without any real charm or style. even the music is out of place, with duran duran being played in a scene that was supposed to have taken place in 1980. then we have gordon lightfoot? gordon lightfoot? there could have been a great film based on this gruesome event, but i have not seen it yet. i have not seen even a decent one yet (unless you consider the rahad jackson scene from boogie nights).

even with a cast that boasts such generally reliable names as val kilmer and lisa kudrow, wonderland fails to yield any sense of depth to this film. it barely brushes the surface of the incidents that happened on that july night in 1981. kilmer just goes through the motions as john holmes and kudrow and kate bosworth are both hopefully miscast in the other two lead roles; as holmes's wife and underage girlfriend, respectively. the rest of the cast has such small roles that it's impossible to get any dimensions from them. the film also stars carrie fisher, ted levine, franky g, mc gainey, dylan mcdermott and a cameo from paris hilton.

freeway killer, is a madman who shoots people on the freeway while yelling a bunch of mystical chant on a car phone. the police believe he is a random killer, but sunny, the blond heroine, played by darlanne fluegel detects a pattern. so does the ex-cop, played by james russo, and they join forces, and bodies, in the search for the villain who has done away with their spouses. also starring richard belzer, this movie has its moments especially if you like car chases, but its really not a good movie for the most part, check it out if you're really bored and have already seen the hitcher, joy ride, or breakdown, otherwise stay away from the freeway.

takashi shimizu had a great opportunity with a remake of his original film ju-on the grudge. while i haven't seen that film, i would have to wager that there's more imagination and originality (or some rip-off originality, in other words skill with known tropes of the japanese ghost movie) than in his own directed remake. maybe the script was written to somehow have some kind of warped appeal, or i would guess accessibility, for an american audience. what starts off with some potential - the hint of something very screwed up going on with bill pullman's sudden movement - just goes into a total jumble. and as a horror movie? gimme a break.tension could have been built on the situation - a nurse going to take care of a disturbed woman in a house that is haunted - but he undercuts everything he wants to get his audience to feel. scares? how's about some music timed just so you know when exactly to expect something. a black cat? yeah, why not just make the ghost-boy thing sound like a cat for creepiness which, in effect, is only creepy if you want cats. plot? why not just shuffle between past and present without any semblance of an actual flow of how a story could be told (meaning, while the flashbacks are inserted and are meant to be organic with the story overall, they aren't), or for that matter have us care about anyone in the cast.by the time the characters, or those that are there for exposition, get around to telling us what is going on or whatever, there's little point to care. the film-making is shoddy (i.e. the 180 degree rule is broken many times over and not in a forgivable or intriguing way), and the performances are wooden even when looking frightened or shocked (gellar especially is disappointing, but pullman, who shows up later after his first scene, is sorely miscast). even when shimizu tries for some average old "boo" scares, like when the woman is in the office building and chased by the grudge ghost, it's still silly. just watch when she's going on that elevator and the ghost is in the background of shots. either you'll go with it, and if so more power to you, or you'll laugh hysterically at the results. count me in the latter.i'm not totally sure where this project went wrong - was it shimizu having to retool it for the studios, or him not giving enough leeway with his revamp of his vision? or maybe raimi had some say in it and made things more confusing and/or dull than they would be with someone else. the grudge gives us a lot of information that doesn't make sense or at the least give us some horror-fodder to chew on. it's cineplex trash of a sad order.

i couldn't wait to put this movie in my dvd player when i rented it. then after i started it, i couldn't wait to get it out of my dvd player. actually i watched all of the movie. my wife and i kept waiting and waiting for something funny to happen, but nothing funny ever does. the box read like the it would be really funny. the premise of the movie sound good. ben stiller is funny. jack black is funny. how could this movie miss? well....it does miss! this is the unfunniest "comedy" i have ever watched. nobody i have talked with thought it was even slightly funny. it is just a really lame movie. trust me. avoide it....avoide it!!

this has to be the most brutally unfunny "comedy" i've ever seen in my life. ben stiller, jack black, and christopher walken as a crazed homeless man can't make me laugh? something's got to be wrong with this picture. this is the only movie i've ever felt like walking out of. i used free passes, and still felt like i wanted my money back. i can wholeheartedly say that the only movie i've ever seen worse than this one was house of the dead. the. only. worse. movie. i laughed very slightly at the merry-go-round scene, and that's it. spending 2 hours in something billed as a comedy should get you more than one laugh, right? i don't know, i guess the filmmakers thought that "flan" was a funny word, or something. and the other running joke really is beating a dead horse--literally.

this could be looked at in many different ways. this movie sucks, its good or its just plain weird. the third one probably explains this movie best. it has strange themes and just has a strange plot. so who else but christopher walken would play in this no matter how bad, average or even how good it might be.the acting was what you would expect especially out of ben stiller. jack black i have always liked so you know what you will get out of him but this is not bad. christopher walken is always off the wall. he is always enjoyable to watch no matter how bad the movie is. comedy wise it is somewhat funny. this of course meaning that it does have its moments (though very few) but can get a little over top here and there which makes me feel like the movie is just desperate for laughs but of course not in a good way.the directing was average as well. barry levinson is a slightly overrated director and really did not do a good job here. this movie seemed that it had a lot more potential and he did not do much to reach it. just very average and did not seem like a lot of effort was put into making this film.the writing is the key to a good comedy. obviously that means the writing here failed. at best it is below average. considering it does have its moments it was not too horrible. that is never a good thing to say about a movie though. if not for christopher walken and it stupid ridiculous ending i would have given it a lower rating. he is always quite a character in his movies. stil this is just a whacked out strange movie with strange characters that really don't go anywhere. not completely horrible but i would not really recommend it though because it is a very forgettable movie.

first, let's get it out of the way. . . yeah, this film steals a lot from 'darkness falls' (2003). the plot for 'darkness falls' goes something like this: the tooth fairy, a murderous woman who hides her face due to disfigurement kills people who look at her out of revenge. in 'the tooth fairy' (2006), the disfigured tooth fairy (who, yeah, hides her face) unleashes her furious vengeance on just about anyone. a little too similar to be coincidence.but, what must be asked is this: if you're going to directly steal the exact plot from a movie, why choose something as mediocre as 'darkness falls'? sure it made a few bucks at the box office, but that was strictly for the fairly okay theatrical experience the film delivered. a low-budget, straight-to-video movie will not have that same effect. and it didn't.as i watched the opening 15-20 minutes of the film, my expectations actually rose. there seemed to be at least some production value. the story didn't seem terrible, just blatantly ripped off. past the first scene, we get an okay cast of characters including an ex-doctor with secrets (played by that guy who looks like a busey) and some hot veterinary student (jenifer from argento's 'masters of horror: jenifer'). after those few minutes, however, the film just slowly goes down the drain. it serves all the basic horrible clichés including, but not limited to: some crazy old person with an unheeded warning, the buff dumb jock, the psychic, and the stripper with the heart-of-gold.one of the biggest problems this film had was its inability to stick with a target audience. it's kind of like the filmmakers wanted to change the tone for whatever character was on screen at the time. when the adults were on screen, it had a more mature feel. when star (the stripper) and whatshisface (the jock) were on screen, the dialogue went down to a more stupid, err immature, level. when the kid was on screen, it felt like an episode of 'are you afraid of the dark?'. . . only less scary.technically, the film is all over the place. the visuals range from fairly good to plain boring. the writing is subpar, as is the acting for the most part. on the plus side, there's some excessive gore at parts (including a fairly cool (yet painfully predictable)) woodchipper scene and a pretty vicious nailgun scene. also, if you're looking for a bit of the sexy stuff, there's a brief topless scene (but if you want to see this chick topless, there are better films to do that). other than that, there's not much to bother with when it comes to this film.if you're a huge fan of 'darkness falls' (do those exist?), maybe you can check it out to see the story done in a different way. . . but, that's about the only reason i can find to see this one.final verdict: 3/10 -ap3-

this movie is so stupid it simply goes around the corner and becomes ridiculous. i wanted to watch "darkness falls" actually and thought that this was the movie. boy, what a mistake! i fast-forwarded as much as i could and still i couldn't get rid of the boring moments. i just envy the people who was paid to play in or work on this movie. they were actually given money for this crap. isn't that amazing? i mean in this movie a man gets killed and chopped in a wood-grinder to little bloody pieces and few minutes later the mother and the kid talk calmly at the table as nothing happened and drink coffee. please! come on! who gives money for such crap movies? oh, and the "tooth-fairy" was lame. not scary at all and was obvious that it is a bored stuntman wearing a badly made make-up.

this movie has one redeeming feature. at one point, after a character is attacked by an ax-wielding fairy, his brother asks him, "why is your dick over there, chuck?" after suffering through almost an hour of bad film, this almost made my drink come out my nose.some of the acting isn't too bad, but the kids all stink and p. j. soles should be ashamed of herself for doing this film. the story is weak and nobody does what you think (or what common sense dictates) they should.of course, there are a lot of story points that don't add up. for example, in one scene the ghosts of young children must concentrate hard to move a physical object so they can prove they exist, a difficult feat since they apparently can't interact with physical matter. however, minutes later they all pick up branches off the ground and beat the tooth fairy with them. apparently they can sometimes move matter and sometimes they can't. go figure.lots of blood and guts, though...a few nice boobs. but this doesn't make up for the deficiencies.if you want a movie about the tooth fairy, go rent "darkness falls". i think it's great, though a lot of other reviewers don't share my opinion. at least it sets a mood.

i was enjoying this movie most of the time, but i kept getting the feeling that i was watching a children's movie. i honestly think that somebody wrote a pg script and then, while filming, decided to add in some blood, nudity and language. it was a big let down. there's that believe the children magic that exists in movies like "babe" (the pig) or "angels in the outfield" that defeats the evil tooth fairy. the parents end up believing their daughter about her ability to see the ghost and utilize this skill to supernaturally defeat the tooth fairy. when i bought this movie, i thought it would be a b-film response to the dreadful darkness falls; somehow manage to make a better film with 1/4 of the money, but they don't. they made a worse film and will probably lose the same proportion of money lost on darkness falls.

where to begin. this movie started out as something that seemed like a rip-off of "darkness falls". an old , disfigured woman living in the woods, giving kids presents for their teeth. sound familiar? then it changes. in "darkness falls", the tooth fairy only killed you if you saw her. the tooth fairy in this movie killed you no matter what. why did they need the rocker, his hippie girlfriend or the bubbas and their sister? i think the movie would've been fine without them. it seems like the producers sat around and decided that they needed to put extra people in the movie just so the tooth fairy would have people to kill. although, it's nice to see a pretty blonde girl not being portrayed as a bubble-head for a change. okay to rent, but i wouldn't suggest buying it.

the tooth fairy is about the ghost of an old deformed witch that lures children to her house to get a prize for their loose tooth and then takes their lives. the first few minutes introduce you to the 1949 beginning of the legend of the tooth fairy and then switches to present day. the worn out horror plot is pretty much saved by the solid acting. they could have done without the hammond brothers and a few other scenes, but overall the gore scenes were bloody but quick which had a minimizing effect. the eye candy is pretty good for both genders. camera work is good. dialog is fair but cheesy. i expected the film to be a bare bones, low budget, slasher with very few redeeming factors. i was surprised by the quality of the film.

i tried to finish this film three times, but it's god awful. case in point: mom and daughter drive up to the bed and breakfast,mom stops for gas, crazy gas station weirdos mad at her hubby whose running the b&b try to rape her. she escapes, heads to b&b and instead of hubby going ballistic and she wanting to call the cops, story just continues with lukewarm behavior on both their parts. wow.other action logic deficits abound. acting is also lukewarm, and the next door neighbor's warning is delivered in a really corny, badly acted moment.moments of intense gore/death unevenly interwoven with lukewarm scenes of time-filler interplay between characters.less focus on gore, more focus on mood and story would have been appreciated.

...the child actors were annoying. also it seems as if the makers on this film were struggling to fill 90 minutes. decent death scenes, though. if not for the death scenes, this movie would have a very disneyish feel to it.the main child protagonist didn't seem nearly as scared as she should have been. if i was in the middle of the woods with a tooth fairy ghost killer type individual, you can bet your arse i wouldn't be out wandering around and riding my bike.overall, i've seen worse (i.e. it waits) but it's nothing i would watch again, or recommend anyone bothering with it unless you're an avid horror collector.

the only scary thing about this movie is the thought that whoever made it might make a sequel.from start to finish "the tooth fairy" was just downright terrible. it seemed like a badly-acted children's movie which got confused, with a "wizard of oz" witch melting and happy kiddies ending combined with some bad gore effects and swearing.half of the cast seem completely unnecessary except for conveniently being there to get murdered in some fashion. the sister of the two brothers, cherise the aura reader and mrs. mcdonald have entirely no point in the film - they could have included them in the main plot for some interesting side stories but apparently couldn't be bothered. the people watching the film know the characters are there for some bloody death scene but come on, at least try and have a slight plot for them. the story in general is weak with erratic behavior from the characters that makes you wish they all get eaten by the witch.add the weak plot and the weak acting together (the children are particularly wooden) and the movie ends up a complete failure. if only mst3k could have had a go at this one ...

this movie is similar to darkness falls,and the boogeyman(2005)but it's also much more graphic than both,and not as good as either.it's also slow and fairly predictable.it's also got shades of deliverance and the amityville horror.plus,we get some new age flavour thrown in the mix and some of those scenes come off as a motivational/inspirational sermon.really,this movie is a hodgepodge of almost everything.even though it is gory,the makeup effects are not very realistic looking.in fact they look kinda cheap.aside from all that,there is some really awful clichéd dialogue.and i won't say when,but there is a point where a couple of the character's actions were not authentic or believable,given the circumstances.nobody in their right mind what would have acted this way.once you watch the movie,you'll know what i mean.there's also some gratuitous nudity for nudity's sake.it just wasn't necessary at all.the good news is that the acting was actually pretty good.better than this movie deserves.so,after carefully weighing the evidence,id say this movie was passable,but not good.my verdict for the tooth fairy:4/10

when i saw this movie cover, the first thing i thought was that it was made for video. the second thing that came to mind was how similar this looked to another terrible movie "darkness falls", the tale of this dumb witch who killed people in the dark. unfortunately, darkness falls was quite the masterpiece compared to this pile of garbage, and this movie should not have been made.the film starts off with a small back story for the witch, or, more like a pointless introduction of two little kids who are going to go meet the tooth fairy in hopes of her giving them a shiny new bicycle for their tooth. the opening is filmed poorly, and like the rest of the movie, it's certainly not scary. in present time, the movie is about peter (lochlyn munroe). peter's renting out his house, and his ex-girlfriend darcy (chandra west), and her daughter cole come to stay there. cole meets a neighborhood child, and they talk of the tooth fairy, and how you shouldn't lose your tooth, or she'll come for you. unfortunately seconds later, it looks like the tooth fairy steals her bike and knocks her tooth out (how ironic). will cole survive the wrath of the tooth fairy, and will her mother and peter be able to save her, and rekindle their romance...this is a bad movie, you could probably figure it out.one of the main problems with this idiotic film is how undefined the tooth fairy is. they say she kills you if you lose your tooth, but nope. she's more like a serial killer who kills at random, and if you lose your tooth, you're definitely going to go. she steals a bike, so apparently she's a thief too. i said earlier that the idea for this movie was based on darkness falls, but where did they get the inspiration for the tooth fairy's appearance? let's see. she looks like a burn victim, and she previously went around the neighborhood slaughtering children. hmmm...it's almost as though she's an exact rip-off of freddy krueger from the "nightmare on elm street" films. and this is not the worst part of this awful mess, the climax is. this movie might have the most laughable climax (not literally laughable because i found it more sickening than funny) i've ever seen. don't see this.just a little trivia. lochlyn munroe was in scary movie, and jianna ballard was in scary movie 3, and they both were in this, so apparently scary movie stars are forced to end out their career with bad scary movies.my rating: 1/2 out of ****. 80 mins. r for violence.

stephen j. cannell apparently decided a few years ago that he would broaden his horizons and dabble in horror. the result, "dead above ground", is an abysmal piece of junk. now, had i noticed his name in association with this particular film i'd have put it back but no, i didn't have my glasses on and therefore i missed it, damn, i really do need to bring those with me while video shopping. first question would be, who the heck is the target audience for this? it's almost like a "scary" kids movie, but then again there's topless babes and some gore and some bad words spouted here and there. the main characters are so cute that you want to see someone, anyone, go after them with farm implements of some kind. seems that a guy opens a bed and breakfast that has a checkered past, a child-murdering witch that collected children's teeth lived there. probably something the real estate agent failed to mention. of course now in the modern day there's a little girls ghost around to warn the real-live little girl that now lives there that something bad is going to happen. it does, and there's also two bubbas that were squatting on that property when the new owner took over so they're out for revenge too. this whole thing has the feel of some made-for-cable junk that's for the kids at halloween except for, of course, the things that aren't suitable for little kids, so not only is this mediocre, it's confused, too. a big boo and hiss to anchor bay for putting this out too, considering their usual track record with fine releases this is a new low. the uk gets a phantasm box set, we get "the tooth fairy". hardly seems fair. 1 out of 10, absolute garbage.

i was duped into seeing this movie after reading a positive review from another website and man was i p.o'd!!! it took me at least 15 minutes to pick it up off the shelf b/c i didn't want anyone to see me. then another 10 minutes to build the courage to take it to the counter and actually use real money to rent it. i thought that all my stress would pay off by the time i got home to and watching the movie b/c the review i read said the movie was a pleasant surprise; what a joke! if you can make it through the first hour of the movie then your in luck! b/c it's not until then the movie turn's into a horror. don't bother with this one folks, your better off watching "dankness falls"

darcy and her young daughter pamela are heading out to the country where her mum's boyfriend peter left his doctor's position in the city to become a writer and fix up a bed and breakfast inn. although this inn has a terrible past and pamela learns from one the girl's who lives in the town that a deformed witch once reside in that house. they called her the 'tooth fairy' as she would kill kids after getting their last baby tooth. this work on the inn, has awoken the 'tooth fairy'. now she has her sights on pamela and her last baby tooth, but if any gets in the way they face the same fate that awaits pamela.this flick's old folk myth of the 'tooth fairy' doesn't paint her in a very generous way, as you would believe when you were a child. don't they just love turning happy childhood memories into nightmares! another one which did fall into the same category was "darkness falls (2003)". i can't compare how similar they are in the premises, because i haven't seen the latter, but i mostly read they have basically share the same idea. for a little straight to dvd film, this dtv effort looks good and has some promising images surrounding the senseless and traditionally by the book plot device. low expectations are needed, as i wouldn't class it as an success, but i found it be to marginally entertaining.cory strode and cookie rae brown's story or background for this 'tooth fairy' character is completely bare with it leaning more towards a slasher vehicle than anything really supernatural. silly is a good way to describe what's happening in this poorly scripted story, but it never really feels like a fairytale horror. the dialogues can seem rather redundant and morally hounded. while the acting is simply sub-par with the bland characters they have to work off, but director chuck bowman offers up some inventive blood splatter and terribly nasty jolts. this kinda makes up for the lack of suspense, the zero scares and generic tone. his direction is reasonably earnest and visually able, where he gets some atmospheric lighting contrasting well with its slick photography. the promising opening scene is creepily effective. his pacing can slow up in parts and there's the odd and unnecessary slow-motion scene put in, but nonetheless it never gets too stodgy with something active occurring which made sure that i wasn't bored.the make-up special effects provided the goods, as there's enough repulsive gruel and the tooth fairy's appearance is especially gooey. the figure of the tooth fairy can look threatening in its black robe, bubbling make-up and swift movements. being on location helps carve out a more natural feel and can get atmospherically rich in its sense of eeriness. child actors can be incredibly annoying, but nicole muñoz was decent in her part. lochlyn munro and chandra west are somewhat solid, but can be a little too causal in their performances as peter and darcey. the radiantly gorgeous carrie anne fleming is one of their lodgers. p.j soles shows up in small part as a superstitious neighbour who tries to warn them about the evil that lurks at the inn.i thought it was a okay time-waster that has a sound concept, which just isn't fleshed out enough and the execution is pretty textbook stuff. watchable nonsense, but at the same time extremely forgettable.

the tooth fairy is set in a small town somewhere in northern california where peter campbell (lochlyn munro) has brought a farming property which he is renovating & planning to turn into a holiday inn, he is joined by his girlfriend darcy wagner (chandra west) & her young 12 year old daughter pamela (nicole munoz) who arrive to help for the weekend. while exploring the property pamela meets another young girl named emma (jianna ballard) who warns her that evil lurks within her new home, she tells a tale of an evil old witch known as the tooth fairy who takes baby teeth from children & then kills them. pamela is worried & becomes even more so when she falls off her bike & her last baby tooth falls out, it's not long before the evil ghost of the tooth fairy has her eyes on pamela's tooth & just for kicks she also decides to kill anyone she comes across...directed by chuck bowman i thought the tooth fairy was just another poor straight-to-video low budget horror film that fails to distinguish itself from the countless other's which litter video shop shelves & fill late night obscure cable tv schedules, basically it's not very good. the script by producer stephen j. cannell, corey strode & cookie rae brown is a complete snooze-fest for the first 40 odd minutes, nothing of any great interest happen during this period at all & is basically dull exposition as if this stuff was going to surprise anyone. it introduces the character's, sets the tooth fairy legend up & that's it. the second half of the film improves slightly but even then it's hardly spectacular stuff, there are a few decent set-piece gore scenes but apart from that it's all very predictable & forgettable stuff. the character's aren't great & most of them are there purely to be killed off, the story has inconsistencies like the story of the tooth fairy herself, it says she kills children after they give her their baby teeth so why does she go on an indiscriminate killing spree that has nothing to do with teeth? what happened to her after the prologue set during 1949? why has she come back as a ghost? despite being a ghost of some sort she seems very human having to open doors herself & using weapons to kill people, there is no attempt to make any use of the supernatural elements except the ghostly children who are played for maximum sentiment.director bowman does ok, it's reasonably well made & there are a couple of half decent scenes but nothing to get that excited about. there's nothing i would describe as scary or atmospheric in here & don't take any notice of the comparisons between this & darkness falls (2003) as besides the teeth thing they're quite different. the gore is ok, someone is shoved into a wood-chipping machine, there's a decapitation, someone has their penis chopped off & the best scene when someone is nailed to a door & then has their stomach hacked open with an axe & their guts slide out.with a supposed budget of about $1,500,000 the tooth fairy is generally well made but there's nothing special on show here. the acting isn't anything great but it's not too bad & unusually i didn't find the child actors that annoying so that's something i suppose.the tooth fairy is the usual just below average low budget modern straight-to-video horror fare that seems everywhere these days, if you can find a cheap copy then it might pass 90 odd minutes if your not too demanding otherwise it's pretty poor & forgettable stuff.

just saw this film and i must say that although there was shown in the beginning some effort to produce a decent film, this was absolutely horrible -- but not in the sense that was intended i'm sure.it was like a child was directing this insult to intelligence with the belief that all would-be viewers are morons or extremely hard up for entertainment or both.... thank god for fast forward! i can't imagine the type of viewer the producer had in mind when making this film. i mean, you have actors trying to be serious, albeit barely, and a script that cries for a total rewrite,.... i just can't say anymore. if harlequin romance decided to do horror films, this would be a good effort.if you found this movie to be entertaining, then i strongly suggest that you seek out some guidance as to the purpose of movies. there is much better fare out there. join a club, read reviews, but above all, avoid crap like this.

watching this film for the action is rather a waste of time, because the figureheads on the ships act better than the humans. it's a mercy that anthony quinn couldn't persuade anyone else to let him direct any other films after this turkey.but it is filled with amusement value, since yul brynner has hair, lorne greene displays an unconvincing french accent, and the rest of the big names strut about in comic-book fashion.

this film is deeply disappointing. not only that wenders only displays a very limited musical spectrum of blues, it is his subjective and personal interest in parts of the music he brings on film that make watching and listening absolutely boring. the only highlight of the movie is the interview of a swedish couple who were befriended with j.b. lenoir and show their private video footage as well as tell stories. wenders's introduction of the filmic topic starts off quite interestingly - alluding to world's culture (or actually, american culture) traveling in space, but his limited looks on the theme as well as the neither funny nor utterly fascinating reproduction of stories from the 30s renders this movie as a mere sleeping aid. yawn. i had expected more of him.

this really doesn't do the blues justice. it starts out badly with images from the voyager probe and blind willie mctell (or was it blind lemon jefferson? someone blind anyway) apparently narrating from outer space (?) and telling us the life stories of various blues musicians. corny as it is, this might be the visually most interesting part of this documentary. afterwards the only thing to see is actors incompetently mouthing the classic tunes, filmed in fake 20s black and white intercut with the likes of beck and shemekia copeland raping the same songs afterwards. this is a good device to show us why the old blues greats were really so great, but it doesn't make for compelling viewing. there is hardly anything in here that could justify making it a film and not a radio play. nobody should be forced to see these badly done reenactments. it's a shame for wenders, scorsese and especially for the blues. avoid at all costs.

mario van peebles pops up for less than a five second cameo. glenn plummer shows up a little longer but its a ladies show all the way. stacey dash and lisa raye have been in better projects. bobby brown leers and mugs through his little time on screen. this is how it was pitched...five tough women shootin' and lovin' in the wild wild west. four black and one asian. oh and lil' kim is a tough talking' heartbreaker and marie matiko can bring in the pacific rim market. we can shoot it for less than 15 million. straight to video and we'll double but more likely triple our dollars.greenlight that puppy.you got it boss.

some people have made a point of dissing this movie because they question the plausibility of black people in the old west, asian people in the old west or women with guns in the old west period. get a grip and read a book. there were quite a few asians (chinese), there were quite a few blacks (freedmen) and everybody outside of the gentile class had ready access to guns; it is the second amendment you know. and as far as the use of modern language goes, none of those westerns people have waxed nostalgic about actually used language that was consistent with the era depicted. americans had different accents, used different inflections, spoke at a very different pace and used plenty of words and phrases that would be unrecognizable today. don't blame historical inaccuracy for the fact that you just didn't dig it. be honest. maybe you're just uncomfortable with what you're seeing.

to be completely honest,i haven't seen that many western films but i've seen enough to know what a good one is.this by far the worst western on the planet today.first off there black people in the wild west? come on! who ever thought that this could be a cool off the wall movie that everyone would love were slightly, no no, completely retarded!secondly in that day and age women especially black women were not prone to be carrying and or using guns.thirdly whats with the asian chick speaking perfect english? if the setting is western,asia isn't where your going. finally,the evil gay chick was too much the movie was just crap from the beginning.now don't get me wrong i'm not racist or white either so don't get ticked after reading this but this movie,this movie is the worst presentation of black people i have ever seen!

a shaky hand-held camera was used, presumably to give the film a documentary look, but the effect was so exaggerated that i started to get motion-sickness just from watching it. it looked like someone with cerebral palsy was holding the camera (no offense meant to cp sufferers, but i don't think you would expect to get much work as a cinematographer!) the camera work was so nauseating, and so distracting, that my wife and i considered it unwatchable and gave up on it after 10 minutes of torture. i checked back a while later (it was showing on tv), and it hadn't gotten any better. i suggest giving this one a miss unless you need to get rid of any bad sushi you may have eaten!

for all its visual delights, how much better renaissance would have been in live action. the animation is fantastic in the big picture, yes, but the characters are cold and hollow, much like the story and the style of this film. with real actors, perhaps the world of the film would not have felt so lifeless. there is much to admire here, but at the end i found that all i could do was admire. i did not enjoy the movie that much, and it clarifies something that i did not see before: that the visual elements can be the defining positive aspect of a film, but without a good story and strong characters, it can all be for nothing. i will not go so far as to say that this movie comes to nothing, but sometimes it comes dangerously close. i love dark sci-fi thrillers. blade runner and dark city are two films i thought were wonderful. but blade runner had its tragic villain and dark city had its thought-provoking story arc. renaissance has shadow and light, but little else. i wish i could have liked this movie more, but the weak story and the empty characters stood in the way of that. the renaissance was a historical and artistic burst of color and life. how ironic, then, that one of the most bleak and lifeless movies i've seen this year takes its title from the renaissance.

i read the book a long time back and don't specifically remember the plot but do remember that i enjoyed it. since i'm home sick on the couch it seemed like a good idea and hey !! it is a lifetime movie.the movie is populated with grade b actors and actresses.the female cast is right out of desperate housewives. i've never seen the show but there are lots of commercials for the show and i get the gist. is there nothing original anymore? sure, but not on lifetime.the male cast are all fairly effeminate looking and acting but the girls need to have husbands i suppose.in one scene a female is struggling with a male, for her life, and what does she do??? kicks him in the testicles. what else? women love that but let me tell you girls something... it's not as easy as it's always made to look.it wasn't all bad. i did get the chills a time or two so i have to credit someone with that.

not that i was really surprised....movies are never as good as the books that they originated from. i was looking forward to seeing this movie because this is one of my favorite books, even though i knew it would probably suck. i was hoping to be pleasantly surprised. however, they strayed from the book's storyline too much, and the movie version did not convey how horrible this house really was. ending was different too. lara flynn boyle looked terrible due to some really bad cosmetic surgery. the acting was unremarkable at best. perhaps if a theatrical version was made so that they wouldn't have to stay so much in lifetime's "made for tv movie" box, it would be a better flick. if you saw this movie i highly encourage you to track down the book and read it. i doubt you'll be disappointed and hope you enjoy it as much as i do every time i read it.

it would help to know why it took so long for a book as movie-ready' as "the house next door" to be adapted for film or television. the book was copyrighted in 1978. one reason could be problems designing 'the house'. the house in this lifetime film is really so ugly that i can't imagine anyone buying it. in fact it's so ugly that someone would probably have come and destroyed it as soon as it was built.i'm not crazy about horror genre books, but this one was hard to put down when i came across it around ten years ago. the main characters are not the kind of people to look for anything occult in life, and this is one of the book's strengths. they are not people who would conclude that the architect was some type of demon..(or the devil personified) without witnessing and analyzing the events described so well in the book. however, it is a downbeat book for the most part, and i don't think that appeals to the people who run lifetime. maybe someone will come up with another version of the book in years to come. a better house..better music..a better screenplay and darker lighting...would certainly help.

the cast is ok. the script is awkward at times, and it takes a while to figure out what the point of the movie is. i found myself looking forward to doing the dishes. the shehan bit is a cheesy statement on the war. i guess we were supposed to not notice it...we did. its a house, you did nothing more than kill forty five minutes. the shower part...huh? what was that about? literally, it is i have a client, "ok you can use our shower." yawn. the angles are trying way to hard. there was a set of woods, suddenly its gone cause you can see right through, then next it is deep and animals are dying. in the end this is a horrendous movie of boring proportions.

no mention if ann rivers siddons adapted the material for "the house next door" from her 1970s novel of the same title, or someone else did it. this lifetime-like movie was directed by canadian director jeff woolnough. having read the book a long time ago, we decided to take a chance when the film showed on a cable version of what was clearly a movie made for television. you know that when the critical moments precede the commercials, which of course, one can't find in this version we watched.the film's star is lara flynn boyle who sports a new look that threw this viewer a curve because of the cosmetic transformation this actress has gone through. from the new eyebrows to other parts of her body, ms. boyle is hardly recognizable as col kennedy, the character at the center of the mystery. this was not one of the actress better moments in front of the camera. that goes for the rest of the mainly canadian actors that deserved better.the film has a feeling of a cross between "desperate houswives" with "the stepford wives" and other better known features, combined with a mild dose of creepiness. the best thing about the movie was the house which serves as the setting.

i have been learning about the zodiac for four years now. and i'm not saying i know much more than anyone else...in fact out of most of the people who know and read and learn about z, i am prolly the one with the least knowledge...but i do know or at least i think i know that most of the stuff in this wouldn't happen...from how he signed his name...to how he killed people...i thought that godfather was the worst film ever...the cinematography was that of a five year old...not saying that my films are any better but i am not someone who is making movies for the mass population...the acting i thought for the most part was pretty good really i did...the lead didn't talk that much on camera or at all i forget and don't know because i stopped watching...his voice overs where good...but really spend the four dollars and 70 cents on something else...like a large pizza or something...until i learn how to write a review, psycho phil

the film is about a young man, michael, who cares for the elderly. one day he decides to kill some of the relatives of his clients. around the same time he decides to model his killing after the zodiac killer of the 60's. he gets in touch with the author of a book about the zodiac killer and they form a friendship. michael has a gun (aparently the only gun, as it seems to be in the hands of some of the other actors, only not portrayed as the same gun.) and he goes out a-killin'. original. this is a great film if you like b movies. i thought the idea of the movie was good, but the editing and the acting really drowned the plot. i thought the 'blood' was just too fake, the lighting was horrible in some places, and the dialog was just too standard. the movie was shot on video, which is okay, but the editing of the film just made for some weird 'plan 9' scenes. not a bad movie for fans of the b-movie genre, but if you want something with a bit more polish, move on to something else.

if i could give it a zero, i'd change my mind and give it a -10 instead. absolutely horrible movie with no movie plot, doesn't make sense of what is happening. just plain boring. please don't waste your money on this one. pleaseee!!! this movie could have done so well if it truly depicted the real zodiac killer's story, but nopes, i didn't feel anything but disgust while watching it. do yourself a favor and rent some classic movies instead, its better to watch a movie you've already seen like 3-4 times than watch this crap! i don't understand why people even bother to make such movies when they know its not going to do well. zodiac killer should be called 'boriac killer' instead!!!

why would anyone want to see this?! if this was a film posted on youtube by a teenager, i might have applauded the teen in doing so much with his mommy's video camera. i might have also congratulated his family and friends for doing a good job acting. sadly, it was made by a very experienced film maker and these were, apparently, professional actors--making this a very, very sad film. sad...and very pathetic, actually. as i said, it has a definite made directly to video look about it. it also has narration and acting that just scream "unprofessionals"--how could this be?! the film is filled with lots of corpses and blood. normally this would turn me off completely, as i hate ultra-violent films and don't like seeing all that gore. however, given that none of it is that realistic, it's bearable. however, i should warn you that there are a few scenes that are still pretty disturbing. for example, the scene with the kid throwing a radio into a lady's tub and watching her naked and frying is pretty bad. there are also scenes where you can hear the thought of psychos as they fantasize about killing women. with a level of misogyny that is pretty awful. the people who wrote this are pretty sick--like killing women is meant to be for our entertainment.after a bunch of senseless murders, the film goes to a dining room table--around which are a bunch of goof-balls wearing black hoods without eye holes! they are talking, with pride, about all the murders they have committed and chant. it's all very funny, though i am not sure that was the scene's purpose.then, the film talks about various sex crimes and killings and even vampirism and cannibalism. why, i don't know--perhaps because they people made this got off on this sort of crap. and, once again, you see and hear the thoughts and actions of a creepy german-looking man as he tracks down people and kills them.by the way, considering the film used what i must assume are professional actors, i wondered why so many people were chosen who were clearly germans. while they tried to act like americans and the film was supposed to be in california, the accents are strong. perhaps german audiences watched this and marveled at how "realistic" the acting was, but to any american it's obvious these folks ain't their fellow americans! considering that there really was a zodiac killer (who was never captured), i do wonder why anyone would want to make a "fan film" of sorts for the sick menace?! i mean...was this film meant as a snuff film for pervs? i just can't see anyone else wanting to see this or enjoying it. in fact, i wonder what would motivate anyone to make such a stupid and offensive film?! worthless and deserving to be in imdb's bottom 100 list.

this movie was almost intolerable to sit through. i can get beyond the fact that it looks like it was shot with a home video camera and that this movie is supposed to span over weeks in time yet the characters do not once change outfits, but the acting broke the 4th wall to pieces for me. i've seen better acting in a 4th grade play. aside from that the plot is unrealistic. if the man suspected the guy he would have turned him in. i was also heavily disappointed that all the killings were done with a gun what kind of gore is that. that is not a copycat the zodiac did not kill using just a gun the authorities would have known it wasn't him. another thing that really bothered me was that they called disassociative identity disorder dsm 4 when that is the name of the book used to diagnose people with mental disorders not the name of the disorder. overall i think this movie is not the kind of movie that could be done with a low budget at least not as low as they had or they could have made sure they had better actors or more gore. plenty of people have went the low budget route with out having to use horrible actors look at easy rider that had dennis hopper and jack nicholson and a low budget.

this is easily the worst movie i have ever seen. i'm not exaggerating, i told the guy at blockbuster that they should take it off the shelves. the only thing interesting about this movie is the box. on the box it says "from the director of the boogeyman" so i figured...eh whatever, if this was made recently i'm sure the directing at least won't be too bad :-\, but after i saw the movie and looked at what "boogeyman" they were talking about, it's some nonsense from the early 1980's that he made. great way to rope in unsuspecting viewers.anyway, i think that they just liked the name "zodiac killer", and didn't bother to research any of the actual zodiac's crimes or his mo, or even the years that he was active. all of the crimes they talk about have nothing to do with the zodiac and the "stories" about the original zodiac take place several years after the actual zodiac's crimes did. they also compare the zodiac to "vampire of dusseldorf" fritz haarman throughout the movie and talk to fritz's "son" quite often. the zodiac and haarman were nothing alike, and it makes more sense to compare him to btk who also shot people, not a man who killed people by chewing through their necks. none of the haarman facts are correct either, just a bunch of jumbled nonsense. his son even says "don't forget, his name was fritz haarman with 2 t's"...his actual name just has one! i think that the writer/director simply typed in a google search for serial killers and the quickest ones that came up were the zodiac killer and fritz haarman. "ooh those sound like cool names, let's make a movie about them without doing any outside research! great idea!"perhaps my favorite inconsistency in this movie is the way that the experts as well as the young killer describe suffering from dsm-iv and getting cured of it. "i was also diagnosed with dsm-iv and have since recovered", etc. for those of you who don't know, dsm-iv is the psychological manual for mental disorders. if anybody suffers from the book itself then they must have some serious problems! haha.anyway, my point is that this goes on the bottom of my top 5 worst movies of all time list, and it's rare that a movie ever reaches that point. but, if you are interested in watching a totally non-fact based story about serial killers that happens to be nothing more than boring, full of inexperienced actors, and not completely rational, i'd say check out this movie....oh, and i liked how the killer "tear gassed" a few of his victims with dry ice. nice touch...

well i'll start with the good points. the movie was only 86 minutes long, and some of it was so bad it was funny. now for the low points. my first warning sign came with an actual "warning" on the film. when it started the following "warning" was displayed: "the film you are about to see contains graphic and disturbing images. because contrary to popular belief being killed is neither fun, pretty or romantic." i should have saved myself the 86 minutes and turned it off then. the first words of the film were: "i'm at the glue factory." it was some guy talking on his phone, and he was referring to a nursing home as a glue factory. i don't know why. so the basis of the movie is some kid is obsessed with the zodiac killer and starts imitating him. the budget for this film was at least 50 bucks and they must have used the cheapest cameras they could find. the acting was worse than me reading straight from a script. that's what is looked like they were doing. the script was horrible, and the big "twist" was that this guy who wrote a biography on the zodiac killer was actually the zodiac killer. of course they tried to show this subtly but made it totally obvious within the first 10 minutes. without any more painful details of the plot, here were some horrible highlights of the movie. they try to make the zodiac killer compare himself to an "army of one" because soldiers are really just murderers. then they tried to make an attempt at "satanic worship" by showing some guys in black hoods in a meeting. the great "computer hacker" was able to get this kid's address when someone gave him the kid's name and phone number. for some reason he had to hack into the fbi to get someone address. i'm not sure why he didn't just look it up in the phone book or use whitepages.com. there was also a random allusion to 9/11 for no reason. i also learned that no matter where you get shot, blood will come out of your mouth within seconds.so if you like really bad acting, sub-par scripts, bad camera work and an obvious plot, you'll love zodiac killer!

zodiac killer. 1 out of 10. worst acting ever. no really worst acting ever. david hess (last house on the left. no the one from the seventies. rent it it's really good) is the worst of the bunch (pretty stiff competition but he is amazingly god-awful.) one would be hard pressed to find a home movie participant with such an awkward camera presence. the film actually screeches to a stunning painful halt when he is on the screen.not that the film actually has any redeeming qualities for mr. hess to ruin. it is filmed with a home movie camera and by the looks of things a pretty old one complete with attached boom mike. no post production either. come on there has to be some shovelware a five year old computer could use that could clean up this picture. throw in bizarre stock footage pictures of autopsy's and aircraft carrier takeoffs and this is one visually screwed up picture. the autopsy pictures are interjected the way italian cannibal films interject those god-awful real life animal killings. and the navy footage is supposed to be some anti war statement (cause we know all the bloodthirsty maniacs join the navy) what in the world is lion's gate is doing releasing this garbage? it would embarrass troma. the plot is about the zodiac killer (last seen in dirty harry . no the one from the seventies. rent it it's really good) somebody gets shot in the stomach in la and the cops assume the zodiac killer is back? uh-huh. what can you expect from a movie that doesn't know that dsm iv is a book not a psychiatric disorder and where the young killer older man relationship resembles that of a congressional page and closeted congressman? yeah eighties haircuts and production values meet a nambla subplot. sign me up.

awful, awful, awful.a condescending remark at the start and a few nasty autopsy photos does not a good movie make. once again i'm amazed at the determination and skill that some people have in achieving a movie production and yet they don't have the pride to realise that what they have made is an utter pile of crap.i sat and tried to think of a redeeming feature so that i could at least balance my criticism but the only one i could think of was that the opening track by pink was pretty good....i wonder if she has seen this?watch this at your peril, the boredom may kill you.

this movie is bad. i don't just mean 'bad' as in; "oh the script was bad", or; "the acting in that scene was bad".....i mean bad as in someone should be held criminally accountable for foisting this unmitigated pile of steaming crud onto an unsuspecting public. i won't even dignify it with an explanation of the (plot??) if i can refer to it as that.i can think of only one other occasion in some 40-odd years of movie watching that i have found need to vent my spleen on a movie. i mean, after all, no one goes out to intentionally make a bad movie, do they? well, yes. apparently they do...and the guilty man is writer/director ulli lommel. but the worst of it is that blockbusters is actually renting this to their customers! be advised. leave this crap where it belongs. stuck on the shelf, gathering dust.

the gospel of lou was a major disappointment for me. i had received an e-mail from the theater showing it that it was a great and inspirational movie. it was neither great nor inspirational. the cinematography was pretty iffy with the whole movie. a lot the scenes were flash backs that were done in a way that couldn't tell at times what they were about. the voices were often distorted for no reason. also many of the people in the movie were far fetched. the relationship he has with his ex & son is never made clear. also the whole movie has most him one way, and then all of a sudden bam, he is cured and inspiring people. the whole movie seems to show that boxing is one of the things that is bad in his life, making him live his life the way that he is living it, but when he changes, he doesn't leave boxing, he teaches others how to box. thumbs down.

i went to go see this at the esquire theatre in cincy, oh, and - i hate my life now.christopher reeves would have been a more believable boxer.as a film it was painful, but seeing bret carr in person was to see desperation at its pinnacle.my favorite part of the movie was seeing bc slammed in the face with what appeared to be a "c" battery. the jury is still out on this. it was from a dildo and it was in slow-mo. yep."shoot the left side of the face only...people become famous by demanding things!" - bret carr b. carr donned a chicken suit for a bit of reverse psychology, roaming the streets of clifton bashing his own film. he should. this is correct to bash the film.my soul felt chafed after this movie.bret carr is not charismatic enough to be the leader of a cult, or smart enough for that matter. that is the feeling you get from the what the bleepesque trickle of brainwashed, impressionable neo-yuppies that came to see this bret carr piece of work.it's an emotionally draining experience just thinking about writing about this film, so goodbye.-anonymous

after too many bad memories, i took to skipping this episode each time it showed up in the season 2 sequence. i recently watched it again just to remind me why. i've always considered this the worst st:tng episode (with the exception of "shades of gray," which barely counts as an episode at all).i keep listening to the clunky dialogue and thinking of the script red-penciled by the author's writing 101 teacher: "show, don't tell!" from deanna troi's pronouncement, and everyone else's constant elbowing reminders about what a charming, dangerous rogue okona is, to guinan's explanation about how funny her droid joke is (it isn't), to the who-cares resolution to the conflict, there isn't a plot point that isn't highlighted and triple-underlined for our edification, and there ain't a believable moment in any of it. unfortunately, bill campbell, a charming actor in other circumstances, is too puppy-dog huggable to be the center of the machinations of the plot. on the other hand, it could be that no one short of john barrowman (jack harkness from "doctor who") could pull of this underwritten placeholder of a role.(zero points, by the way, to the data subplot. while i think joe piscopo stopped being funny decades ago, he and brent spiner had nothing to work with here. although the jerry lewis bit was funny in a stupid way.)on a good day, you may be able to think of this as a charming little homage to a lesser original series episode. me, i'd rather skip ahead to "time squared" or "q who."

i had two reasons for watching this swashbuckler when it aired on danish television yesterday. first of all, i wanted to see gina lollobrigida - and here i wasn't disappointed. she looked gorgeous. second of all, through reading about the film i had gotten the impression that it featured absurd humor not unlike that which can be found in philippe de broca's films. on this account, however, i was sadly disappointed. i found the jokes predictable (apart from a few witty remarks on the topic of war) and the characters completely one-dimensional. also, the action scenes were done in a strangely mechanical and uninspired fashion, with no sense of drama at all. i kept watching until the end, but i got bored very quickly and just sat there, waiting for the scenes with lollobrigida.

i rented this movie tonight because it looked like a fun movie. i figured that you really couldn't go wrong with a concept of ex girlfriend with super powers. ... but the movie was confused and pointless ...it seemed that at every turn the writer kept throwing junk in. also the writer kept throwing in way too much toilet humor and sexual situations that only a teenage boy could love.it seems that it could have been so simple to draw a story out of fatal attraction super hero .. but i guess not. this is not a fun romantic comedy it was advertised to be. you could not take a child to see it and you would be embarrassed seeing it a date. if the writer could have done a basic story around the high concept and cleaned it up - the movie might have a fighting chance. a serious waste of time.b

oh my god. oh my god, i cant get over this movie. it was god-awful. horrible, terrible! don't even waste your money to buy it in the 99 cent bin. no, avoid it at all costs i'm warning you!!!it was the worst movie i've ever seen. in my life. in my life!!first of all, g-girl? are you kidding me. get real that sounds like some kind of new barbie doll.. super women? are you kidding me. it was so fake fake fake fake. the people of the town didn't even seem to care that there was a flying blonde just zooming her way around the town saving a fire.. ohh big!jesus, was it just me or did this movie seem offensive?? i guess what you need to be a super hero is a couple of double d's, blonde flowing hair, no glasses and a leather skin tight suit?!if it was trying to be romantic ... than.. god, i don't know. it was horrid, if love means taking some one to an art show and than having sex in a bed and in the air.. than they totally had love!it was pathetic, everything went too fast. first that guy was single, than he was dating g-girl.. than they broke up than he dated that hannah girl.. and.. it just goes on. i have to say this movie made me wonder.. how the hell did they get this in theaters??!!avoid this movie at all costs.

bernard rapp passed away last year and was a very cultured journalist. cinema was one of his biggest passions (he penned a vast worldwide dictionary of films) and so he was bound to wield a camera at least one time in his life. but the films he left garnered lukewarm reviews: "tiré à part" (1996) in spite of terence stamp's sensational performance was very caricatured in the depiction of the characters, "une affaire de goût" (2000) was a slick affair even if bernard giraudeau delivered a perverse performance, "pas si grave" (2003) was another let-down and "un petit jeu sans conséquence" is as underwhelming as its predecessors. its comic potential is exploited in a flimsy way.and however, the starting idea let predict a twirling, spiritual comedy. a couple held by yvan attal and sandrine kiberlain who invited their friends is in full moving in a lascivious mansion. to play with their guests, they pretend to part company with each other. and things don't go as planned because the announcement of their separation doesn't surprise them. the two lovers start to ponder about the validity of their couple.in spite of lush scenery and the promising material he had at his disposal, rapp's undistinguished directing can't manage to give life to this game with unexpected consequences. the plot follows a well-worn pattern with characters who have specific well-known functions and masks that are unveiled about who they really are. verbal or situation comic effects often fall flat. a bad editing fades a little more the film with this bad habit from rapp to abruptly cut many sequences. even the actors' sincere input in the venture is debatable. they seem to be bored and to recite their texts than to live them, especially sandrine kiberlain. the audience is soon caught in a deep torpor.it's regrettable to say it: bernard rapp's films never lived up to his intentions as "un petit jeu sans conséquence" bears witness.

ugh. this is a terrible film, full of disastrous comic relief, no scares, and scary leaps in story and plotline. the only creepy thing here is the leading lady's hats. lugosi was on his downhill slide and it shows. i give this a 1, and this ain't no fun.

bela lugosi is an evil botanist who sends brides poisoned orchids on their wedding day, steals the body in his fake ambulance/hearse and takes it home for his midget assistant to extract the glandular juices in order to keep bela's wife eternally young. some second rate actors playing detectives try to solve the terrible, terrible mystery. bela lugosi hams it up nicely, but you can tell he needed the money. this film is thoroughly awful, and most of the actors would have been better off sticking to waiting tables, but the plot is wonderfully ridiculous. tell anyone what happens in it and they tend to laugh quite a lot and demand to see the film. i got the dvd in a discount store 2 for £1, which i think is a pretty accurate valuation, anyone paying more for this would be out of their mind.

i bought this video at walmart's $1 bin. i think i over-paid!!! in the 1940s, bela lugosi made a long string of 3rd-rate movies for small studios (in this case, monogram--the ones who made most of the bowry boys films). while the wretchedness of most of these films does not approach the level of awfulness his last films achieved (ed wood "classics" such as bride of the monster and plan 9 from outer space), they are nonetheless poor films and should be avoided by all but the most die-hard fans.i am an old movie junkie, so i gave this a try. besides, a few of these lesser films were actually pretty good--just not this one.lugosi is, what else, a mad scientist who wants to keep his rather bizarre and violent wife alive through a serum he concocts from young brides. they never really explained why it had to be brides or why it must be women or even what disease his wife had--so you can see that the plot was never really hashed out at all.anyways, a really annoying female reporter (a lois lane type without jimmy olsen or superman) wants to get to the bottom of all these apparent murders in which the bodies were stolen! so, she follows some clues all the way to the doorstep of lugosi. lugosi's home is complete with his crazed wife, a female assistant and two strange people who are apparently the assistant's sons (an ugly hunchbacked sex fiend and a dwarf). naturally this plucky reporter faints repeatedly throughout the film--apparently narcolepsy and good investigative journalism go hand in hand! eventually, the maniacs all die--mostly due to their own hands and all is well. at the conclusion, the reporter and a doctor she just met decide to marry. and, naturally, the reporter's dumb cameraman faints when this occurs. if you haven't noticed, there's a lot of fainting in this film. or, maybe because it was such a slow and ponderous film they just fell asleep!

dd films were damn corny, damn stupid and had a plot which seemed wafer thin but those days they was a plot at leastthis film isn't just a comedy but a mix of melodrama, romance everythingevery drama scene is blown out of proportionthe comedy is funny but corny too yet the film keeps you entertained, those days govinda films were loud, crass yet they had some funny moments people enjoyeddavid dhawan does a okay job music is okaygovinda acts well in comedy and drama karisma is decent in parts and annoys in parts kader is as usual gulshan, prem chopra are typecast shakti is hilarious

every once in a while , someone out of the blue looks at me a little sideways and asks "what's with snitch'd" ? i know immediately they have a case of barely-hidden amusement + horror. you see, i was the cinematographer on the film.let me clarify some points regarding this "interesting life experience".originally, snitch'd was called one hard hit. i met james cahill in july of 1999, a day after i wrapped triangle square, a great little 35mm feature that like so many indie features of the era never got distribution despite festival accolades...it fell eternal victim to the fine print of sag's notorious experimental feature contract. but i digress...i though i was on a roll, and when james asked me to shoot his little gangster flick in 16mm with a shooting budget of about $25,000, not wanting to break pace, i took it. after all, clerks, el mariachi... i too believed the myth back then.let's just chalk it up as "film school" for many involved, myself included. snitch'd was shot over two weeks in august, 1999, in aliso viejo and santa ana, ca. cahill taught drama at a high school in the latter city ( yes, he is a drama and english teacher...consider that while watching the film, or even observing the use of apostrophe in title ), hence the locations and cast.of note in his cast were the only known dramatic appearance of l.a.'s channel 2 morning news weather girl vera jimenez, and of greater impact, the debut of eva longoria, who had just arrived in hollywood and was as eager as i to get a film under her belt. i must say her professional dedication, focus and "let's do this" attitude kept me inspired and was a foreshadow of her stardom-yet-to-come. snitch'd suffered from poor optics, few lights or electricity, several boom operators du jour, and delivery of an uncorrected offline for duplication. none of that overshadows the actual content, which speaks for itself.anyway, by 2003, the film was sold to distributors ( at a net loss, i understand ) who inexplicably had no photos of eva on the box ( by then she was a rising, working name ) but who did manage to obtain a clear photo of what appears to be an authentic latino gangster to lend credibility to snitch'd. since cahill's other passion is antiquarian book dealing, it appears to confirm he believes you can, in fact, judge a book by it's cover... as so many have picked up this dvd based on it's sleeve. ----------------- one year later, eva, now on a soap, and i met james for one day to shoot a simple short film he had concocted, split second, which i think has never seen any play despite festival intent. 6 years later, i was hired to shoot another cahill film titled juarez, mexico. i though he had worked out the process; my participation was contingent on casting, script and crew control, and the resultant film actually looked promising in dailies, for what it was... a cheap detective story surrounding the mass murders of girls in juarez; despite claims here and elsewhere, the film has never appeared in any festival or venue, although cahill has repeatedly claimed the film has distribution and was simply awaiting release to coincide with the dvd release of two studio pictures on the same subject, virgin of juarez and border town.

this movie is weak ,the box-cover says east la's toughest gang and it is really santa ana's , james cahill acts like a closet queen taking down all the tough guys in the tough chlo gang . it is fake , boring , senseless and whack , i tried to get my money back from the video store this movie was so bad . it was also on the homo-erotic tip far from what the video-box proclaims . james cahill should act in gay porno .james is in every scene , he cannot act to save his life . the film features eva longoria who is hot but james can't even score with her !!!!!!!!! i felt at times i was watching gay porn and was turned - off by the whole film . james clearly want's to be with men but rather then submit to his gay desires he beats up gang members over and over and over again . his martial arts skills are minimal at best , some real gang members would take him and his weak skills and rip him a new one .

maybe this isn't fair, because i only made it about halfway through the movie. one of the few movies i have actually not been able to watch due to lameness.the acting is terrible, the camera work is terrible, the plot is ridiculous and the whole movie is just unrealistic and cheesy. for example - during a coke deal, the coke is just kept loose in a briefcase - i'm no expert, but i think people generally put it in a bag.they use the same stupid sound effect whenever a punch is thrown (it's that over the top 'crunching' sound" and they use toy guns with dubbed in sound effects.worst movie ever.

this movie was packed pull of endless surprises! just when you thought it couldn't get worse, they added more joints and more pink fuzzy-lined vans with raunchy sex scenes. as you can guess, i was a victim of the original version. we were tricked into watching it thinking it was supervan, the host box which promised lasars, jail breaks, and much more. who would have thought a dollar store christmas present could have been so much fun!

the van is a feelgood movie about a guy who tries to lure girls into his new van, in order to seduce them. the only thing this movie doesn't fail at is precisely depicting the van fad in the us in the late 70s. it looks like it was totally made by amateurs. it's trash, but i loved it! i have to admit i am a fan of 70s trash! hope this one makes it to the imdb bottom 100!2

bobby is a goofy kid who smiles far too much and wants sex. so he buys a van to aid in this quest. the acting is lame, the comedy is pathetic and the script is no more than a loosely strung chain of clichés and cheap thrills. the makers of the film obviously wanted to capture some of the out there craziness of other films of the time, but fell a long way short. they even resort to bobby slipping on a banana skin, because this will supposedly add comedic value.i'm struggling to find a redeeming feature of the film. if you like devito, this is another classic devito kind of role - but he's only a supporting actor and there for cliché value.

this film was abysmal. and not in the good way as some have claimed. first off the main character is a very unattractive gingerman. second - wtf is going on with this van love. the plot, basically, is: boy wants sex so buys a van (which, in fairness is quite cool). unbelievably given that he looks like a newt he scores with lots of chicks! and he fails with some. then he scores with a really hot chick and realises he loves this dowdy bird who played hard to get. then he drag races with the hot chicks boyfriend. and he tips his van. at which point danny devito saves the day. although he didn't need to because in tipping the van the ginger kid crossed the line first. i gave this 2 *'s as i'm willing to assume that there's some sort of 70's vanning subculture i'm not getting and also because there's some 70's boobage too.

the title song for this movie ...........is the greatest free spirited ballad ever written! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! i first saw this movie back in 1978-79 when i first subscribed to cable. in 1979 cable was just starting to become common place in homes. (or at least that when it was becoming common here in missouri).this might very well be the first movie i ever watched on the pay channel called "the movie channel" - which was called "the star channel" back then, they changed the name to "the movie channel" in the early 1980's........i received a free month of "the star channel" with my new cable subscription. "the van" was one of the movies that was in heavy rotation on that network at that time.i remember watching this movie back then, and thinking it was a typical teen flick(along the same lines as other medium budget teen flicks) ...the ones where the plot revolves around nudity and parties.i totally forgot that this movie even existed until i recently seen this movie again after having not seeing it for decades( i found a copy of it on dvd for sale in cheap bin) i recognized it, and bought it for a mere $4.99.seems like i had remembered this film being much better that it was(is). however watching it back then was a different experience than watching now(30+ years later).it was fun to see the kids listing to rock n roll music, smoking weed, and having sex in the back a fancy van(often all at the same time). this is what a good teen party movie should be.there isn't much of a plot other than the fact that the main character fantasizes about having sex with his arch rivals good looking girlfriend ...he blows all of his college savings money to purchase a tricked out dodge van(with shag carpet walls . mirrored ceiling and a water bed in it)to get her attention, and he eventually gets to have sex with her. but his arch rival finds out and comes looking for him (so that the two of them can settle their differences by drag racing their vans)....he and his arch rival end up wrecking both of their vans, and instead of stealing away his arch rivals girlfriend, he wins over the heart of a preppy(lesser attractive) girl that he half/ass dates through most of the movie and he decides he is happier/better off and the movie ends.the movie does have it's funny moments. but watching this movie 30+ years later, it becomes more of a trip down memory lane. because i still can remember pizza parlors, pinball arcades, it also brought back memories of cruising around a small town while we smoked pot as we would yell at good looking girls and hoping to get laid (sometimes i'd get lucky and get some decent looking girl to share a joint with me and we'd screw in the backseat afterwords, i also remember many of the songs in this move(when they were new)......this movie serves as a perfect time capsule for that era in those regards (brought back lots of memories)the one thing that is depicted in this movie that i honestly can not remember is ....i never remember a time when full sized vans were as popular as this film depicts them as being. i remember that era very well, and i don't young men going around wishing they had a van. instead i remember young men in the 70's (self included) wanting a pontiac trans am, chevy camaro or a hot rod ford mustang, but never a van. this movie makes it appear as if vans were most popular item going and that every young man wanted one(which just wasn't true of that era)

the cult of personality has elevated the status of roger corman, sam arkoff, lloyd kaufman etc. as kings of the b's. because the folks at crown international were so key, they haven't been elevated to the status they richly deserve. a film like the van may now seem like a disposable piece of drive-in esoteria, but it was a sizable hit when it was released (not to mention subsequent re-releases as a double feature with other crown hits).the van was a perfect example of crown's hit strategy of seizing upon the mood of movie-goers at the time of a film's release. here, it was sex, drugs, rock 'n roll and the brief "custom van" fad. as others have noted, it is ironic that the "hit" song in the film refers to a chevy when the title vehicle is a dodge in the film itself. i had a town selectman where i was at the time even declare these vans to be "dens of sin on wheels!" a perfect ad line for the film!there are the usual assortment of "good" and "bad" girls, muscle-heads and low-brow hijinks (including a supporting bit by danny devito). in many ways this isn't much different from the old beach party movies of the 60's, but now spiced up with nudity and drug use. obviously done on a limited budget and a limited schedule, the film coasts along pleasantly enough with a breezy charm that compensates for some, by today's standards certainly, un-pc views of women.the classic touch is a toaster for bobby's den of sin on wheels. yes, a toaster! hey, you gotta have something hot for those munchies!grindhouse fest.

i agree with most if not all of the previous commenter's tom (bighouseaz@yahoo.com). the zatoichi series is a great character study combined with great sword fighting and excitement.i have seen zatoichi 1-13,15,16; i believe 14 has not been released on zone 1 (usa). zatoichi the outlaw was disappointing. the story line was complicated, and seemed to be a hodgepodge of many previous zatoichi story lines. at one point, i was wondering if i was not seeing a remake of a previous zatoichi film.this film was disappointing because it started to depend on effects (a head rolling, limbs severed, blood) and less on the nobility of the zatoichi character. all the previous films succeeded based on the storyline and action, and won a great following without having to resort to effects.i am just hoping that the remaining zatoichi films do not follow the same trend. this is the first zatoichi film from his studio. i highly recommend all the previous zatoichi films -- and recommend them.

* some spoilers *this movie is sometimes subtitled "life everlasting." that's often taken as reference to the final scene, but more accurately describes how dead and buried this once-estimable series is after this sloppy and illogical send-off.there's a "hey kids, let's put on a show air" about this telemovie, which can be endearing in spots. some fans will feel like insiders as they enjoy picking out all the various cameo appearances. co-writer, co-producer tom fontana and his pals pack the goings-on with friends and favorites from other shows, as well as real baltimore personages.that's on top of the returns of virtually all the members of the television's show varied casts, your old favorites as well as later non-favorites.there was always a tug-of-war pitting quality-conscious executive producer barry levinson, fontana, james yoshimura and the rest of the creative team against budget-conscious nbc execs, who simply wanted a another moronic police procedural like "nash bridges," which regularly beat "homicide" in the ratings. the pressure told as the show bounced between riveting realism that transcended its form, and sleazy sensationalism that demeaned it.unfortunately for this movie, fontana, co-writers yoshimura and eric overmeyer and director jean de segonzac simply threw in the towel. they took the most ludicrous story are from the series, topped it with an unlikely and artistically unfruitful new plot line, and laid the burden of carrying the whole mess on one of the weaker cast members.briefly, some time has passed since the last episode of the show. the former heart of baltimore's homicide unit, yaphet kotto as lt. al giardello, is now a kurt schmoke-like candidate for mayor, and schmoke himself makes a cameo appearance. but this promising start immediately and improbably takes a tragic turn.the spotlight shifts to giancarlo esposito as giardello's son mike. a handsome man who has done good work elsewhere, esposito was one of the pretty faces brought in late to supposedly enliven the tv series. but the question for viewers always was: is mike that uncomfortable as gee's son, or is esposito that uncomfortable in the role?to be fair, esposito doesn't get a chance to play out the main story without interruption. that's because the writers choose this moment to revive another storyline that spat on the intelligence of the show's loyal voters.an apparent snuff streaming video was promoted, and then seemed to actually take place, on the internet. after some red herrings, the detectives arrested a repellent suspect. but zaljko ivanek's harassed and overworked deputy states attorney forgot to file motions in time, and the suspect was released, only to be murdered later.let's summarize: he forgot to file the paperwork because it wasn't the most sensational case of his career, because the mayor, the attorney general, the governor, the entire maryland legislature, the u.s. attorney general, nbc, court tv, the bbc, ap, reuters, people, the sun, the washington post, the new york times, the la times, time magazine, the times of london, the economist, the johannesburg mail and guardian, l'osservatore romano, le figaro, paris match, l'equipe and computer world weren't calling every 10 minutes to ask about the status of the case.nevertheless, the old gang of detectives and associates flocks back to baltimore to help out. there's quite an array of talent on display. unfortunately, with the limited amount of dialogue to hand out, some of them are merely on display.two of the strongest actors, clark johnson and melissa leo, are criminally underused, while time wasted on jon seda and michael michelle could be better spent on commercials. the writers do seem to satirize this, presenting jason priestley as the latest big-deal detective. on the other hand, they give easy-come, easy-go michelle forbes a very affecting scene.there's some other sly casting, with actual lt. gary d'addario, the center of the book that gave rise to the show, playing another detective. guests drop in from other shows, like whitney allen doing her deadpan and clueless "miss sally" from the children's show beloved by the inmates on fontana's "oz." dina napoli of wbal tv turns up as herself. even when entertaining, though, these guests can be distracting. ed begley jr. actually advances the story in his brief appearance, playing dr. victor ehrlich from fontana's "st. elsewhere." he's still a vivid character, and fits in a hospital setting. then you remember, didn't st. elegius turn out to be an autistic boy's fantasy?the most useful cameo reflects corporate synergy. this movie was made when court tv bought re-run rights to the series. that network contributed legal waif helen lucaitis, who had interviewed the homicide team and later appeared on "oz." the tv correspondent does an efficient job summarizing the news, that is, plot points for latecomers.although she's so thin that she disappears when she turns sideways, lucaitis also adeptly handles a bit of physical comedy with esposito. he shows more juice in his scenes with lucaitis than with any of his usual colleagues. perhaps those two should have done a spin-off.as the movie winds down, the cream of the cast rises to the top. although they are saddled with a loser script, andre braugher and kyle secor overcome it. their performances remind viewers what made homicide, for considerable stretches, the best show on the air and one of the best television productions ever.it's fun to watch top pros do their stuff; it's just a shame this movie doesn't give them more of a chance. die-hard fans may want to see this movie anyway, but you can live without it.

just like last years event wwe new years revolution 2006 was headlined by an elimination chamber match. the difference between last years and this years match however was the entertainment value. in reality only three people stood a chance of walking out of the pepsi arena in albany, new york with the wwe championship. those men were current champion john cena, kurt angle and shawn michaels. there was no way vinnie mac would put the belt on any of the rookies; carlito or chris masters. and kane? kane last held the wwe championship in june 1998, and that was only for one night. it was obvious he wasn't going to be the one either. last years match was a thrilling affair with six of the best wwe had to offer. 2006 was a predictable and disappointing affair but still the match of the night by far.the only surprise of the evening came after the bell had run on the main event. out strolled vince mcmahon himself and demanded they lift the chamber. it was then announced that edge was cashing in his money in the bank championship match right then and there. with no time to prepare and just off the back of winning the elimination chamber match john cena did not stand a chance and dropped the title after a spear to one of the most entertaining heels in wwe. this was the only entertaining piece of action that happened all night.the undercard, like last year, was truly atrocious. triple h and the big show put on a snore fest that had me struggling to stay away. hhh picked up the win but that was never in any real doubt was it? any pay-per-view that has both jerry lawler and viscera wrestling on the same card will never have any chance of becoming a success really does it. the king pinned helms (who books this stuff?) and big vis tasted defeat against the wasted shelton benjamin with a little help from his mama.the women of the wwe also had a busy night. there was the usual diva nonsense with a bra and panties gauntlet match which was won by ashley and the woman's championship was also on the line. in a match, i thought would have been left to brew till wrestlemania 22 mickie james challenged trish stratus in a good match. trish won the contest but it was evident that this is going to continue for the foreseeable future.the opening contest of the night pitted soon to be wwe champion edge against intercontinental champion, ric flair. this could have been better but it was a battered and bloody flair that retained after a disqualification finish. edge obviously had bigger fish to fry.so new years revolution kicked off the 2006 pay-per-view calendar in disastrous fashion. the only good thing from that is knowing that for the wwe the only way is up. they don't get much worse than this.

my wife and i just finished watching bûsu aka the booth. she fell asleep during some parts of the movie. i really wish i had taken a snooze with her, but the unfortunate fact is that the main character's voice is so loud and grating that it was impossible for me to sleep. when our protagonist speaks, it makes me want to hear regis philbin and william shatner sing karaoke. he also has no redeeming qualities. i was hoping he'd get hit by a bus five minutes into the film.don't get me wrong, i love asian horror cinema, but the booth is extremely irritating and full of scenes that really make no damned sense at all. if you want some good asian cinema, check out a tale of two sisters or into the mirror. avoid the booth like the plague, especially if you suffer from frequent migraines.

after eight moto films the series had run its course, as this last entry demonstrates. peter lorre was clearly weary of trying to pump some sort of human interest and entertainment value into the wispy character of moto, and the dreadful idea of pairing him with a "funny" british sidekick utterly defeats all his efforts here.

between 1937 and 1939, twentieth century-fox made a ton of mr. moto films. however, towards the end of the series, it was obvious that the studio had "jumped the shark", so to speak. this phrase indicates that a tv show has passed its prime and the executives in charge decided to invigorate the show by fundamentally changing the formula. for example, with "the brady bunch" they introduced the annoying 'cousin oliver' and with "family ties" they introduced a freak baby who grew up six years in only one season! with the moto films, they'd jumped the shark by introducing comic relief because they thought that these intelligent films needed to be re-tooled. in the previous film, warren hymer played an annoying wrestler. and, in this film the character archibald featherstone appears. featherstone might just be one of the most annoying examples of comic relief ever, as you kept hoping someone (preferably moto) would kill him just to shut him up!! although he's supposed to work for the famed scotland yard, he shows all the intelligence and acumen of a brain damaged turnip. again and again, his scenes were boorish and unnecessary and peter lorre just looks pained as he stands there and watches this buffoon "act". it's so bad that it truly destroys what could have been one of the better moto films due to its clever plot.as for the plot, the crown of the queen of sheba is discovered in the opening scene. moto, now more of an international policeman than the amoral character he originally was, is on hand to protect the precious item from being stolen. in a great twist, several thieves all try to steal the crown independently of each other.overall, the film is watchable but is also ample evidence that the moto series should have ended here. with wwii approaching, the films couldn't have survived much longer anyway, as having a sympathetic japanese leading character simply wouldn't have been accepted in the us or in allied countries.

has to be one of the worst wastes of 35mm movie film ever unleashed on the public, the sequel to the at least entertaining pseudo-documentary original film "the legend of boggy creek". bad script, worse acting, etc., etc., dawn wells had to be hoping that gilligan would come rescue her and take her back to the island just to escape from this piece of clap-trap.

i thought i had seen this movie, twice in fact. then i read all the other reviews, and they didn't quite match up. a man and three young students, two girls and a boy, go to this town to study alleged bigfoot sightings. i still feel pretty confident that this is the movie i saw, despite the discrepancies in the reviews. therefore i'm putting my review back: if you like the occasional 'b' movie, as i do, then return to boggy creek is the movie for you! whether it's setting the sleep timer, and nodding off to your favorite movie-bomb, or just hanging out with friends. boggy creek, the mute button, and you've got a fun night of improv. look out! is the legend true? i think we just might find out, along with a not-so-stellar cast. will there be any equipment malfunctions at particularly key moments in the film? does our blonde, manly, young hero have any chest hair? will the exceptionally high-tech technicolor last the entire film? you'll have to watch to find out for yourself.

never saw the original movie in the series...i only hope it was a much better movie than this or the sequel made in the 1980's as if it is not how were these two terrible sequels even justified. this movie had a really good lead in when they were advertising it to be shown on one of those old independent stations that are a thing of the past now. anyways it looked like it would be a pretty good scary movie. it was, however, a movie that would make some walt disney movies look dark. really, this movie was just a bunch of light fluff with virtually no boggy creek creature to be seen. the only real sighting is near the end when you see its shape during a very heavy rainstorm, other than that there is virtually no sign of the creature which was really disappointing as a kid. the story is basically the old evil hunters must kill anything they see and are after the boggy creek creature and kids are out to help it or just some random hairy guy in the woods that likes to pull random boats through the water. not really worth watching i would however like to see the original, granted the maker of that would make the also bad boggy creature of the 80's, but he also made a very good slasher movie in the 70's "the town the dreaded sundown".

...not that all disney films are garbage.anyway, i saw "legend of boggy creek" first and absolutely loved the film. when i heard it had 2 sequels, i was ecstatic. i finally found a copy of this and watched it one night. i don't see how they can make a g-rated sequel to a horror film. the original is a movie/documentary about the fauke monster, and can scare anyone. "return" is for kids and should not be watched by anyone. i don't remember the plot too well, as it's been quite some time since i watched it and i will not watch it again, but... it's about these hunters coming to town and they go looking to kill bigfoot. three little kids sneek out of the house to stop them. a big monsoon comes through. the hunters get hurt, are saved by the kids. then they all hide out in a boat with a big piece of tarp on top and try to wait out the storm. then all of a sudden, bigfoot comes and does something really sick. i don't wanna ruin the ending for any of yas, but it's not scary. well....

talk about your waste of money.. im just wondering why michael would star in such a turkey of a movie..michael is a great actor especially in the movie where he plays a man dying of cancer.. that was wonderful. as he tapes himself for his son to see it once he grows up .. michael is such a talented actor.. so what made him do this one??? i watched it and thought it was really dumb.. i guess at one time in their career they have the crappy movies .. especially "the squeeze" i didnt understand that one at all, and i feel his best performance was in "pacific heights" , his character really creeped me out.. and i really enjoyed "multiplicity". .that one was so hilarious !!! and he was just perfect for the role of "batman" .. and i kind of liked "night shift" and i love "johnny dangerously" too .. just too bad some of them end up doing lousy movies .. like this one was...

gung ho was a good idea, however it is to much to ask americans viewers to understand the dynamics of american jobs and foreign competition.in this movie the main character hunt stevenson(michael keaton) goes to japan and convinces a japanese auto company to come to america and help his dying pennslyvania town. two things come at you.first why would a japanese company come to america to make cars when they do so ,and so well at that? secondly can anyone understand that american companies of all types go to third world nations to have their products made to escape american labor costs? it makes the film's premise then that the number one maker of cars in the world would go to one of its' top competitors(aside from germany)and put a plant there as unrealistic. keaton was still in his comedy mode by this time. but he gives a credible performance all the same as he could prove that he could go from comedy to drama in a matter of seconds and still not embarrass himself but director ron howard can't keep this from becoming a tv movie which it ends up being anyway because they have to give the unlikely story a happy ending the politics and problems of japanese and american relations not withstanding. gung ho has a happy days and laverne and shirley feel to it as the producers of both tv shows made the film and then made the tv version of this movie as well which gives the film its' lightweight feel.the japanese manager gets to love his american workers and feels he and other japanese people can learnfrom americans.his no.2 man saito who supposedly doesn't like americans all that much doesn't think so.i would have prefered all the japanese characters been like saito than the soft goofball characters they made the japanese out to be.it would have made the film more interesting.

there are laughs in this film, that is for sure. michael keaton is a talent and he used to be funny (before he decided he was a serious actor). however, what bothers me so much about this film, is how unlikable practically all of the characters are. other than the main two leads, everybody is a jerk. i mean, these small town losers are about as uncouth as you can get. you just watch and think, man, these losers should be unemployed. moreover, the american factory worker is portrayed as a lazy and ungrateful slob. it made me wonder if this film was made by japanese nationalists. oh sure, in the end they all come together as one, but i just did not enjoy the trip to get there.

this movie is an idiotic attempt at some kind of action thriller. a tour bus on its way to las vegas is attacked by a group of white trash hijackers driving dune buggies. they drive them out into the desert and then steal all of their valuables. the plot changes constantly. one minute they are looking to kidnap a rich ranchers daughter, the next they are looking for a collectible stamp worth 90,000 dollars. the dialogue is horrible.please don't watch this movie.

i haven't seen it in over twenty years. oj was the bus driver, arte johnson was the tour guide, lorenzo was the kidnapper.yea, lorenzo looked very much at home as the villain, a natural. i think i watched it back then most for oj, who i had seen towering inferno and cassandra crossing, but also to see arte johnson.i was a little bored that johnson was so serious.and yes, it shifted plots. in reading other posts, i remember that was some plot that they were going to kidnap some rich girl, but then that priceless stamp business turned up out of the blue.i was going, a stamp? if it came on as a late movie, i would probably record it to check it out again, but i wouldn't be nostalgic over it. not yet anyway.there are better movies from the seventies like this to check out.

the fact that this movie made it all the way to the rentalrack in norway is bizarre. this movie is just awful. this image quality is just one teeny bit better than you get of a mobile phone and the plot is soooo bad. the main character is just plain annoying and the rest just suck. every person affiliated with this movie should be ashamed. the fact that the people that made this movie put their name on this is extraordinary. and the distributors; did they even see it!? this is probably the worst movie i have ever seen. to label this a comedy is an insult to mankind. i urge you not to support this movie by buying or renting it.

well its official. they have just killed american pie. the first 3 were absolutely hysterical, but this one and the others have been awful. i mean the story is about two college fraternity's who battle each other for its houses, i mean come on talk about a weak plot, the first three dealt with growing up, change and marriage, which are all worthy points of development in human society.the new stifler is the biggest joke, i know its hard trying to compare yourself with the steven stifler but so no cigar. i give this movie a 3 because there is 2-3 funny bits in the film.the best character in this movie of course is jim's dad i don't know why he keeps continuing to do these poorly developed films.

first off to get my own personal feelings out of the way let me start by saying that i hate so called comedies where every single character is written and played as being so stupid that you wounder if they're all the result of inbreeding.now i will say this i did see the first three american pie movies and while they weren't the most amazing movies that i'd ever seen they were all right (and outright masterpieces compared to the three "american pie presents" films), i still feel compelled to ask what the hell were they thinking when they made this movie?i also have a few other questions too.who thought that this was an acceptable use of studio funds and production resources? who approved the final script (and what was that person smoking when they approved it)? and lastly why did anyone think that it deserved to be released into theaters where the average cost of admission is between 10 and 15 dollars depending on where you live when it should have gone straight to the discount bin at blockbuster or wal mart?there is so much wrong with this movie that i can't write a really comprehensive review of it because it would exceed the maximum allowed words on this forum so i'll just touch on the biggest things wrong with it.the plot is generic uninspired and stupid and characters are all about as interesting as watching paint dry for eighty minutes but the biggest thing that i can see wrong with this movie is the acting.while most of the cast are talentless no namers who will probably be forgotten in a few years,the one and only big name in this movie is eugene levy who spends almost all of the time he is on screen with this knowing smirk on his face that says to the viewer "i know this isn't funny and i'm wasting my talents but hey i'm getting payed for it so who cares" he doesn't even try to make any of his jokes funny (he really deserves better than this garbage). as i mentioned above most of the rest of the cast are horrible even though some of them have been in some really great tv shows, tyrone savage (from the classic canadian series wind at my back) plays a character who is so unbearable unlikeable and irritating (there are things that he could teach to tropical skin diseases)that you almost wish he'd die a slow and painful death on screen, christopher mcdonald (ncis, law & order) just hangs around on screen and wastes what talent he does have by being in this film.maybe the next film in this series will just be a soft core porn with a story line so they can get around the mpaa and get an r rating this movie goes all out with pointless nudity vulgarity and pointlessly offencive sexual content that it should have gotten the x rating (the ratings board must have been drunk or on drugs when they reviewed this film for its rating). it's interesting that twenty five years ago when wes craven submitted a nightmare on elm street to the mpaa for a rating review they forced him to cut twenty five seconds of footage (i believe that it was part of a death scene that had a silicone casting of a breast in it) to avoid getting an x rating and he had no other choice but to do it or the film wouldn't have been released, but this kind of needlessly offensive trash can get the r rating today because it's all done in the name of comedy, if this movie was a drama or horror film with this kind of content there would have been a huge stink over the content and it would havegotten the dreaded x rating.the last thing that really annoys me is the writing, this movie is written to play out like the wet dream of some twelve year old kid with an extremely overactive sexual imagination its quite juvenile and extraordinarily crass, nearly every expository situation that is supposed to move the corpse that this movie calls a plot along is so telegraphed that any intelligent viewer can see it coming a mile away and and the so called characters are just stereotypes of stereotypes of stereotypes, never mind the often repulsive sexual references and constant unnecessary scenes of deviant sexual behavior it feels like this film was written by some incompetent first year hack in a low rent film school script writing class.the long and short of it is its time to kill this series before it gets any stupider more crass and offensive, this pie is filled with road apples.

just finished watching american pie: beta house and i gotta say, this was such a garbage pile of crap. the first 3 american pies were hilarious, the last 3 were a joke and should not have been called american pie.as you figured out from the title of the movie, beta house, is about a fraternity, freshmen, girls and, the most original part of them all, falling in love. of course, the guy that has his way with the chicks is stifler, who, along with his mates, tries to complete another apparently impossible task. it was unrealistic and super fake. its just really predictable and the plot is so weak. both sides of the college battle to see who gets the whole thing (something like that) to sum it up: awful acting + dull script + wrong use of the american pie franchise = total waste of time! this movie is unbearable. i give it a two out of ten, although most of it sucked there were lots of nudity and pretty girls, like 2 funny scenes :)

another american pie movie has been shoved down our throats and this one is the worst one of them all. it doesn't deserve the name american pie. they should have stopped at "the wedding".this movie feels like just a stupid porn movie which they slapped the title american pie on. when i was watching this i felt like i was watching a different series. it doesn't fell like american pie at all. it has different humor and it is much more rude and has many more sex scenes then the other american pie movies.i don't recommend it ever. actually i don't recommend any of the "american pie presents" movies. just stick with the nice original trilogy.2/10

1 how is it that everyone can understand each other perfectly without devices like universal translators or translator microbes? did the creators of this show realize that people who were taken from different parts of the earth, in different time frames (attilla the hun wasn't a contemporary of preliterate hellenic cultures, nor were the vikings contemporary to the pyramid builders) speak different languages and can never develop a language so similar to modern day english(except for the inflections they "do not" use), which has been influenced by latin, ancient greek, danish and french? 2 cultural differences can't be overcome so easily, trust has to be won, yet everywhere the team arrives they are welcomed without any suspicion and start ordering people around like they are their appointed leaders. of course real fans would comment that they are perceived as gods. the people they meet should be shocked by their technology and accuse them of witchcraft and the like.3 historical background: none. visually it might vaguely remind you of greek or viking culture, but anyone can dress in a bunch of tablecloths or run to a local costume rental for a plastic helmet with horns and claim to look the part. a small-town theater group probably has better props.4 boring! another lame canuck production, which inexplicably ran for ten long years. as a kids show it could make the grade, but anyone who has a little knowledge about human behavior and language couldn't bear to even watch the first twelve episodes of season 1, like i just did. i very much wanted to believe i had found a decent sci-fi show, otherwise i would shut it of and cleansed my computer of this refuge after the first five minutes!

having seen the first ten episodes, i must say this show sucks. what bothers me the most, is that the show was shot in canada. i know it's cheaper, but they should have shot it in california, so we could have had scenes in the desert. that would have been more true to the movie. the first scene where they are outside in another world is in the mountains, with lots of pinetrees where it looks cold. that does'nt feel very egyptian. what worked so well in the movie was that it felt like you were in the ancient egypt. here it feels like they're running around fighting aliens in a canadian forrest. and it's so lame that appaerantly, on other planets, the fall comes as well. you can see leaves on the ground in the forrests that all look like forrests outside vancouver. it just makes the show even more unbelievable and dumb. and then there is richard dean anderson. he is no kurt russel. sure he does a decent job and he tries to copy russels performance a little bit, but he is just not as cool as russel. and not nearly as good an actor as russel. and russells way of playing o neill, well he was much more cynical. andersons o neil, is way too soft. i liked it that russels version just did'nt give a s*** and had no trouble detonating the bomb until the very end of the movie. michael shanks does a really good job as jackson though taking over from james spader.teal'c is a really annoying character. he is jaffa. not a jaffa. just jaffa. aaaarrgh!! a former bodyguard of a pathetic ra character, seen only in the pilot and in one other episode so far. teal'c speaks talks and acts like a robot. i've seen better acting from jean claude van damme.and the fact that teal'c and the ra character and the people they saved in the movie, can speak english all of a sudden is also incredibly dumb. what made the aliens so scary in the movie was that they spoke an ancient language and were real monsters. as for the special effects, they are really good in the pilot. but the very rare effects in the actual show are badly done and looks cheap. especially a planet they visit with crystals. it's so obvious they walk around on a soundstage with a badly made painting in the background. it's an insult to us viewers that they made it look so cheap. especially when they could have made it in front of a bluescreen with cgi backgrounds. the x-files had better effects when they aired their first episodes in 1993. that was 4 years before sg-1 started. and they did'nt have the apparent two million dollar budget per episode, that sg-1 supposedly had. they must have spend all the money on catering. because i don't see it on the screen. incredibly boring and pointless show, that could have been great if they had shot the show in hollywood with a bigger budget and better writers and better characters.

although the lead actress is strikingly beautiful, the plot stands little chance of acceptance because too many distracting details face the audience during the unfolding of the story.one may believe that middle-class teen-age school girls in the 1950's easily gave away their virginity without thought of marriage to 30-year-old's they barely know, but i doubt it.one may believe that young high school teens are highly self-confident and self-assured as they interact with their elders in complex social situations, but my experience has been, more often than not, teenagers feel very awkward and act clumsy as they experiment in the adult world.one may believe that a experienced medical doctor would not know the pungent oder of stroptomycin -- the smelly fermenting byproduct of busy earth microbes -- and not detect that some lifeless bland powder is fake, but i think not.one may believe that 30-something-year-old troublemakers can enter into, and hang around inside, a public school rec hall during a school social and make trouble, but i think that school socials are traditionally a protected environment and parents, chaparones and school staff would be around to prevent this.one final nit, throughout hey babu riba the five teenage friends referred to themselves as the foursome. there is probably an explanation why the five were the foursome, but because it was never detailed, each reference distracts from each scene.this movie did not ring true for me.

warning:it contains spoilers. if a movie starts with a sex scene then it's a bad movie. (see for example 300). this one confirms the above lemma. the second scene constitutes the spinning center of all the action. the fact that we know the end makes the movie boring. even more, other plots are revealed as the story goes back and forth several times. and this made more frustrated. to compensate the consequent lack of suspense, we learn more and more about how unbalanced are the characters. and oh yes, they have lots to show. andy (p.hoffman), for example, is a drug addict, more?, he is cheating his wife, more?, he plans to rob his father, more?, his wife is cheating with his brother, more?, he doesn't regret his complicity to his mother's death, more?, he is a serial killer, more? etc etc it's not enough space to write here... i wonder how could he have a top job. and why his wife didn't leave him before. on the other hand i enjoy much the performances of the actor hoffman.even here psh saves what is left from my 7$ spent for this absurdity. why absurdity? because it doesn't have sense, why should i care for the despicable characters? another broken lemma is that a movie should have a sympathetic( at least pleasant) character. also it's a lot of sentimentality, for example we are supposed to care for the sufferance of the widowed father without knowing anything about the parents'lives before the crime.

when i go out to the video store to rent a flick i usually trust imdb's views on a film and, until this one, had never seen a flick rated 7.0 or above on the site i did not enjoy.sidney lumet, a legendary director of some of the best films of the 20th century, really misstepped here by making one of the biggest mistakes a filmmaker can: filling a film's cast with thoroughly unlikeable characters with no real redeeming qualities whatsoever.i like films with flawed characters, but no matter how dark someone's personality is we all have a bit of light in there too, we're all shades of gray with some darker or brighter than others. mr. lumet crossed this line by filling this movie with totally unsympathetic and almost masochistic pitch-black characters.ethan hawke's hank is a 30-something whining, immature, irresponsible man-child divorced from a marriage with a wife that hates him and a daughter who thinks he's a loser, which he very much is. his indecisiveness and willingness to let others do the dirty work for him because he's too cowardly to do it himself leads directly to their bank robbery plan falling apart and mother getting killed. by the time he stands up to his older brother at the end of the film, it's more pathetic than uplifting. ethan hawke plays his character well, but isn't given much to work with as he is portrayed as someone with a boot perpetually stamped on their face and he doesn't' particularly care that it's there.speaking of which his character's wife is equally as bad. just about every single shot of the film she's in is her verbally berating him for rent and child support money and further grinding in his already non-existent self-esteem with insults. seriously, that's just about all the character does. her harpy-like behavior borders on malevolent.albert finney plays their father charles, and while mr. finney has been a great actor for many decades, he spends about 90% of this film with the same mouth open half-grimace on his face like he's suffering from the world's worst bout of constipation. for someone who's been an actor as long as mr. finney, you think he'd be more apt at emoting. even though he doesn't show it much, his character is supposedly grief stricken and anger-filled. and when he smothers andy at the film's conclusion it's akin to dr. frankenstein putting the monster he helped create out of it's own misery.marisa tomei isn't given much to do with her character. stuck in an unhappy marriage with andy and having an affair with his brother for some unfathomable reason. when andy's world begins to spiral out of control she logically jumps ship, but it really doesn't make her any less selfish or self-serving than any other character in the film, but probably the one with the most common sense at least.and finally we come to andy, played by the always good philip seymour hoffman, is the only reason i rated this film a 3 instead of a 1. his performance of the heroin-addicted, embezzling financial executive who's "perfect crime" of robbing his parent's insured jewelry store goes awry is mesmerizing. his descent from calm master planner of a flawed scheme to unstable, deranged homicidal maniac is believable and tragic. hoffman's character ends up being the film's chief villain, but it's hard to root against him given the alternatives are an emotionally castrated little brother and a father who's self-admitted poor early parenting led to his son's eventual psychosis and indirect, unintentional murder of his mother.ultimately this film is really only worth watching for psh's great performance and it's family train wreck nature. just don't expect there to be any characters worth cheering for, because there really aren't.

i know john singleton's a smart guy 'coz he made boyz n the hood, so how did he write and direct this? it's like the pilot of a bad "going away to college for the first time" teen soap, a parade of boring stereotypes and cliches with some gratuitous violence thrown in to make it a commercial proposition, i guess. who would've guessed the date-rape victim would dump sausage for seafood? the angry loner would be preyed upon by a group of neo-nazis (and would be roomed-up with a black and a jew - just for laughs!) even laurence fishburne's creepy reactionary history professor just irritated me and i love the guy, it's like everyone involved with this movie just lost the plot. except busta rhymes, of course. big ups.

based on the personal experiences of director john singleton's time at the university of southern california,comes higher learning. a film centered on the racial politics that occur at modern day colleges.there are three main characters to which the film bases its foundation around for its story: malik williams, an carefree lowbrow athlete who is an african american male. kristin conner, a sheltered soft white girl, and remy, a unsophisticated unconnected white male. all three are overcome by the sudden realities that college life is not as good as it is advertised as all three go through disappointment by being unprepared (malik), by being naive (kristin), and by being unwanted (remy).one good thing about the film is that it does show that modern american colleges are just high schools writ large. the colleges are not places to build character , develop potential, or enhance personal advancement, but they are institutions used to gather all sorts of students in a one-size-fits-all atmosphere. it is an experience that usually is built for failure for most students. it would have been good if the film built it story about this travesty rather than racial politics.but it didn't and that's where the films falls apart. singleton ,it seems, had a pretty bad experience at southern california. through this film he lets it all hang out. there is no need to beat around the bush here. singleton lets the heroes and the villains of this piece be easily seen.the black characters in the film are pretty much seen as the heroes here while all the whites in the film are seen as the villains, save for kristin, who was raped by a fellow white student.who can understand the inconsistencies of this film? black gang members who come to the aid of a white girl after she points out to them who supposedly raped her? the ease that the black gang members have at the university while a bunch of skin heads meet in a dark small dorm planning violence? the performances of omar epps (malik) and kristy swanson (kristin) are disappointing. they do seem like the third choices for the roles that they played in this movie (tupac shakur and drew barrymore were supposed to play malik and kristin but were unavailable). o'shea jackson aka ice cube ,busta rhymes, and regina king were all irritating in their respective roles. and laurence fishburne was woefully miscast here as the history professor. only michael rappaport did well in this film and he did considering that his character ,of the three main characters, changed the most in the film.john singleton wanted to take on the matter of race and inequality in american college life with this film. and he did so quite badly. it was sort like killing a fly with a shotgun. life is far more complex than it seems and people are alike all over and he should know this. higher learning is proof that he did not understand this at all. seeing the film ,then and now, would only confuse, disappoint and enrage the same public he would wish to speak to. not to mention it would not entertain them in the slightest.

this movie shows how racist john singleton is. he portrays whites and other races that are not black as the evil that exists in our educational system. how quick he forgets that it is this same educational system that made him what he is and failed at it. ice cube's character is the epitome of an instigating black man that was responsible for most of the violence in this film. singleton barely touched on the relationships between the white and black characters that were trying to reach out to each other. when omar epps says " i need to be with my people", that racist remark spoke volume. and john, don't think for a minute that the picture of thomas jefferson in the tower stairwell did not get my attention. nice touch!

i haven't read a single imdb comment for this movie that mentions how the jewish character in this movie jumped up and down like a little baby as a gun is pointed in his face by a racist skinhead while the movie's lead black character looked in sternness down the barrel of a gun.i don't know how anyone could perceive this as a balanced account of university life. i agree universities are not bastions of tolerance like they are supposed to be and the title would be fitting if singleton didn't make his characters such broad caricatures.on the surface he tries to portray ice cube's character as a bad guy, provoking remy to become a racist skinhead. but who graduates at the end in the movie's redeeming epilogue? it seems singleton points at white as either unable to empathize (i didn't say sympathize!) with his fellow black student or only able to take the path of a racist skinhead. many people who have been bullied by people of another race do not turn to extreme bigotry.nor do women who have been raped immediately turn to lesbianism, which is portrayed more as a cult than a lifestyle. quite honestly what was the point?

terrible movie. nuff said.these lines are just filler. the movie was bad. why i have to expand on that i don't know. this is already a waste of my time. i just wanted to warn others. avoid this movie. the acting sucks and the writing is just moronic. bad in every way. the only nice thing about the movie are deniz akkaya's breasts. even that was ruined though by a terrible and unneeded rape scene. the movie is a poorly contrived and totally unbelievable piece of garbage.ok now i am just going to rag on imdb for this stupid rule of 10 lines of text minimum. first i waste my time watching this offal. then feeling compelled to warn others i create an account with imdb only to discover that i have to write a friggen essay on the film just to express how bad i think it is. totally unnecessary.

im watching it now on pink (serbia tv station) and i must say this is a crap. shallow, no acting, effects too sloppy i mean, who made this series?this was a stupid attempt of the studios to make some more money on the success of the film. ok. the film was great in 1994 when it came out. but the series?some times you can see how idiotic the lines are in the speech of the characters. i mean, did they actually pay someone to write that, was that someones relative at the studio? this is no scifi.the film was the bomb, the series suck.

despite, or perhaps in part because of the clever use of music to underscore the motivations and ideologies of each of the major characters, stereotypes are in, and verisimilitude and characterization are out in this not-too-subtle cinematic screed.one gets the sense that john singleton was dabbling in post-structuralist literary theory because it was the flavor of the day, and "higher learning" was the tendentious result. the low point of the movie is the "peace" rally, in which the symbols of the 1960s "free love" movement are reappropriated for what much more closely resembles a "take back the night" rally with live, stridently identity-conscious musical acts in tow. perhaps in his prim revisionism the director was trying to assert that identity politics is the new vietnam? ooh, how adrienne rich of himand remy's firing into the crowd is a nice touch, if you're into rich's sort of political posturing.i wish i could give this movie negative stars. i can recommend it only to those interested in the 1990s as history, a time when radical feminists brought the academic trinity of race, class, and gender to popular culture and declared man-hating "a viable and honorable political option". where's camille paglia when you need her?

first of all yes i'm white, so i try to tread lightly in the ever delicate subject of race... anyway... white people hating black people = bad but black people hating white people = ok (because apparently we deserved it!!). where do i start? i wish i had something good to say about this movie aside unintended comedy scenes: the infamous scene were ice cube and co. get in a fight with some really big, really strong, really really angry and scary looking neo-nazis and win!!! the neo-nazi where twice the size :), and the chase! the chase is priceless... this is not a movie about race, tolerance and understanding, it doesn't deliver... this is a racist movie that re-affirm all the cliché stereotypes, the white wimpy guy who gets manhandled by his black roommate automatically transform in a skinhead...cmon simply awful i do regret ever seeing it.save your time and the dreadful experience of a poorly written ,poorly acted, dull and clearly biased picture, if you are into the subject, go and rent american history x, now thats a movie

singleton has some serious issues he has to come to grips with. i get the feeling that he thinks he is pretty smart; however, this movie is almost comically transparent and self righteous. in addition, there are a bunch of "might-makes-right" messages like when our local nazi jerks get beat up. i mean, who in their right mind is going to root for a bunch of nazi jerks? however, he way singleton portrays the "fight" is downright silly and seems to be designed to show us more the superior fighting qualities of the black protagonists than anything else. there is another "bad guy" (in reality a drunken frat boy) who rapes one of the movie's protagonists. in this instance, i think that singleton actually does a nice job portraying what is probably an all too common situation when the woman involved asks the frat boy to use a condom and he either does not have one or does not want to use one. in any event, he does not accede to her demands that he stop and he proceeds to have intercourse despite her pleas. i think that this type of rape is all too common and in fact many uniformed people refuse to accept the fact that it is even a rape. well, no means no, this is a rape, which probably occurs a lot in universities across the country.having established the rape, how does singleton deal with it? when the frat boy tries to call the woman, her roommate refuses to put the victim on the phone, at which point the frat boy calls the roommate a "black bitch." the aggrieved roommate appears to appeal to a counsel of ice cube, et al, who then proceed to physically humiliate and abuse the frat boy into repeated and prolonged "apologies" to roommate for his racist remarks; however the (apparently in singleton's mind) lesser crime of rape is not mentioned. again, no one really should feel sorry for the frat boy; however, singleton seems to be sending a dual message that a racist comment is a greater offense then rape and in any event violence is justified against jerks.what is so ultimately so disappointing is that this movie could have truly been about something important but singleton, while no doubt a talented director, does not appear to have the maturity or depth to pull of something of this magnitude.

minor spoilers!well i just sat up late and watched this film, mainly because i enjoyed and rated some of singleton's earlier work like "boyz n the hood". however, i have to say this was a major disappointment and is everything i hate about contrived, clichéd, so-called "message" movies. the acting is mainly poor,(pop stars and models do not necessarily make good actors...take note), the situations hard to swallow, (rape victim becomes overnight lesbian?...please!), but worst of all it reinforces every screwed up stereotype you can think of. by the second half of the film it has become cartoon like in its characterisation, making you lose any shred of empathy you may have had for its one-dimensional players.not once is any valid point made about the inherent causes of racism and cultural, sexual and political ignorance. as a result it merely ends up sensationalising the results of these problems. it's message is contradictory, resulting in a sense of confusion and a general lack of plot cohesion. as for the films conclusion i found it predictable, embarrassing, exploitative and mildly offensive. for a film called "higher learning" i have to say all i learned is to avoid seeing this ever again.if you want a true comment on some of the themes that this film completely fails to elaborate upon then go hire "american history x"....unless you were just watching it for tyra banks then go hire a life.

i don't understand why people would praise this garbage. its wrong , stupid , unrealistic , awful , and just about everything else. the film is a view on life , racial issues , prejudice , and everything else that strangely goes on in college. this is where it fails. it has no grasps on reality. from many questionable non-sense scenes in the movie such as for examplea black man chasing down a white man with a gun, the black man and stopped by the security guards handcuffed and carried out while the gunman runs right past them.the same white man snipering down people from a roof topic which is stopped and beaten down by the same black man is then stopped and given a rodney king style beating while the gun man runs free while a moment later being chased back down by only one of the four guards.as one previous reviewer pointed out several white 230lbs men being beaten down by several black men weighing around 160lbs including the 105lbs bust a rhymesanother critical flaw in the film are the shallow uninteresting main characters. from the scared and confused white people and the mean , angry , and yet rightful (?) black people. its almost as its an insult to both black and white people. i am a white male and i know many black and hispanic people who agree that this movie is wrong to portray characters and giving them those characteristics exclusively due to their race.the storyline which i will explain now revolves around three characters. one a black athlete , the other a confused scared white girl who questions her sexuality , and the third is a white man who is also confused and scared , then blames his problems on black people in which he becomes a nazi later in the film. they all have their share of problems and adventures including sex , rape , fights , love , hate , prejudice , racial war , and oh yeah don't forget education. which all comes down at the end for the fatal shoot out. in which after they go back to their boring lives and think "being white is bad". does this sound alot like your college years? didn't think so. i don't think the director attended college especially if he were to make this awful mess.overall this is a really bad , bad , ugly movie. if you want to see a more accurate view or racial issues go see american history x. if you want to see a more accurate view of college rent porkys. just avoid this mess.

higher learning says its ok for blacks to torment white people because they're all oppressors. most blacks in this movie are portrayed as ignorant savages. stunning that this is supposed to be a positive movie about race. incompetent acting, direction, and production values all contribute to this toothache of a flick. an appalling piece of trash. the perpetrators of this dreck should be ashamed. higher learning says its ok for blacks to torment white people because they're all oppressors. most blacks in this movie are portrayed as ignorant savages. stunning that this is supposed to be a positive movie about race. incompetent acting, direction, and production values all contribute to this toothache of a flick. an appalling piece of trash. the perpetrators of this dreck should be ashamed.

yes, people are racist. people are even racist in college. that's a good point, and the issue of racism has been dealt with many times before in countless films. what sets higher learning apart from the pack is that it deals with the issue of racism in the most ham-fisted and predictable way possible, oh yeah it's in college too.this film deals with this problem of racism the way frankenstein deals with most problems, it bashes you over the head repeatedly in a brutal and sluggish manner. most of the characters are cartoonish, one-dimensional, caricatures (lesbian feminist, angry black man), that react to situations as dramatically and predictably as possible. instead of defying stereotypes this film is overpopulated with them. the angry black men feel cheated, feminists hate men, etc. (one feminist even holds a sign that reads "dead men don't rape." see what i mean?) i don't want to give anything away, but in this movie if someone seems like a shifty loner or a date rapist they'll probably behave exactly how you expect them to. the changes the characters go through seems obvious to everyone but the people in the movie. the big twist in the plot hinges on whether or not the violent neo-nazis will act like violent neo-nazis. i'll guess you'll just have to watch to find out what happens.another problem i have with this movie is that it's supposed to be "gritty" and "hard-hitting," but they make nazis the bad guys. i agree nazis are evil, but that's my point. everybody thinks nazis are bad; we're not breaking any new ground here. nazis have been portrayed as villains since the 1930's. the film doesn't challenge any viewpoints or make bold statements. it just deals with issues we all know about in a clumsy, after-school-special like, manner. being anti-rape, anti-racist, and anti-nazi isn't exactly taking a hard stance on a controversial issue.higher learning is predictable, cartoonish, and in a word stupid. avoid at all costs.

this is one of the most putrid movies of the 90's. i would not recommend it if you have something better to do. this picture presents african-americans as savage, uncultured, violent, inarticulate, reefer-smoking sociopaths. fudge(ice cube) and his posse of homies are continuously disrespectful toward others in the dorm, not just the white people, but asians too, and are never disciplined for their actions. despite all that tolerance they keep on whining and crying about the evil white oppressors who run their lives and stand in their way. in fact it is fudge's influence that causes remmy to bond with the skin heads, to drop out of college, and eventually to kill malik's girlfriend.the skinheads are presented as a covert group of underachievers who share a pad off campus and generally stay away from everyone else. they never blast their music to annoy people nor do they taunt the police. they do commit serious crime such as battery and rape, yet they're not as repulsive nor as threatening as fudge and dreads(busta rhymes) are.there's a lot of material in this film which almost offended me or made me giggle. some of it is as follows below.fudge and dreads are stated as students at the columbus university yet we never see them in class and it is completely unclear how they pay their tuition. one is only left to speculate that the weed they smoke has something to do with their finances. though they are students at what looks like a private university, they cannot utter a single line of proper english. their characters are developed only through their compulsive whining and xenophobia.it appears that drunken kristen(kristy swanson) knew exactly why drunken billy was taking her to his house. she even asked him to get a rubber so that they could begin. the fact that he penetrated her without a condom became a rape whilst it would be great sex only if he had one handy. later kristen was assured by taryn(jennifer connely) that she holds no accountability in that matter, and despite willfully jumping into a guy's bed she wasn't ready for sexual intercourse and was viciously taken advantage of by a sexual predator. then a week or so later she met, and slept with, an ultra-sensitive do-gooder who knew how to avoid raping and brought a condom. the director stressed contraception thoroughly.this movie is complete and utter garbage that makes black people look like pricks and women look stupid and frail. cole hauser's acting, and laurence fishburne's accent are the only reasons i can think of to watch it. the writer/director is obviously a man of limited intelligence. go ahead and limit your own by watching this crap if you want, but keep in mind that neurons don't grow back. just follow the advice at the end and unlearn.

i cannot believe how popular this show is. i consider myself an avid sci-fi fan. i have read countless sci-fi novels and have enjoyed many sci-fi movies and tv shows. i really wouldn't even consider this true sci-fi. every episode i have sat through was like a lame, watered down version of a star trek episode, minus anything that might make it interesting or exciting.it's basically a bunch of people standing around in army fatigues, talking about something boring, who occasionally go through the stargate and end up on a planet that looks just like earth, with people who look and sound just like humans! it seemed extremely low budget. the characters are all forgettable one dimensional cutouts, and the many attempts at humor fall flat. it reminds me when you see a commercial with a famous athlete in it, trying to be funny, but he is not. it is just sad.the movie was terrible as well. there is so much you can do with a portal through space, yet every place the army people go is boring! this shows no imagination! i actually thought the tv series "alien nation" from a few years back (based on the movie alien nation) was much better. that show actually had good story lines and decent characters. i wasn't crazy about "alien nation", but compared to this overrated crap, it was great!also, unlike the great new "battlestar galactica" series, "stargate" copied the look and feel of the lame movie too closely! they should have at least updated the cheesy "toilet flushing" special effect of whenever somebody goes through the stargate.

when i was younger i really enjoyed watching bad television. we've all been guilty of it at some time or another, but my excuse for watching things like "buck rogers in the 25th century" and "silver spoons" is this: i was young and naive; ignorant of what makes a show really worthwhile.thankfully, i now appreciate the good stuff. stargate sg-1 is not good. the 12 year-old me would love every hackneyed bit of it, every line of stilted dialogue, every bit of needless technobabble. the writing is beyond insipid; so bland and uninspired it makes one miss star trek: voyager. if your show makes me long for the worst trek show ever, you're in trouble.the film stargate is a wonderful guilty pleasure, anchored by two solid performances by james spader and kurt russell, full of fascinating egyptian architecture and culture, a wonderful musical score, and cool sci-fi ideas. with the exception of a little of the original music, none of what made the film fun appears in this show. even richard dean anderson, who made macgyver watchable and legend interesting, seems like he's half asleep most episodes.the budget must have been very low because the sets sometimes look like somebody's basement. the cinematography isn't much better, as vanilla and dull as the scripts. it amazes me that shows with a lot more style (like farscape) and substance (like the reimagined battlestar galactica) have smaller, less rabid fanbases than this pap. it just doesn't deserve it.

the sign of a classic movie is that it ages like a fine red wine. this movie is no cabarnet and certainly no casablanca. i agree with the other reviewers that the children in the movie are an unfortunate mutation that now plagues us nightly in sit-coms and the dialogue is stilted and preachy. but let's look at the obsolete theme of the movie.with the passage of sixty plus years of history comes wisdom. since watch on the rhine, author lillian hellman has been exposed as a bidenesque plagiarist with her so called real-life story "julia" from her book "pentimento". as one of the most odious of a plethora of western-based ussr apologists, it is obvious her theme in the play and movie was to stir america to action to save the bloody soviet dictator stalin and international communism from the fascists, who had just proved their military superiority in spain.as one reviewer correctly noted, this is not a pro-american play and movie, as lillian went to her grave an american-loathing communist. this film chronicles that familiar smug stupidity of the intellectual elites that made up the american left then, just as now the full mooner left of the daily kos and michael moore has bought into the conspiracy theories and once again given aid and comfort to those who would destroy america.

there seems to be little in the way of middle ground where watch on the rhine is concerned. one either likes it very much, applauding its sincerity, its liberal point of view and fine acting, or else loathes its obvious propaganda, mediocre dialogue, cardboard characters and overall tendentiousness. i fall very much in the latter category, and found the film and play,--concerning the activities of european refugees in washington during wartime--a crushing bore, worthwhile mostly for the acting, and even then only intermittently. that author lillian hellman was on the side of the angels is irrelevant. her plays were written for people who shared her point of view, and she seldom explored ideas that weren't already held by the author and audience except to point out how dreadful the "other side" is. even when i find myself in one hundred percent agreement with what she has to say,--as in rhine--i still can't stand the way she says it. her characters are unreal, and while her ear for dialogue shows a certain facility for the way people talk she possesses no real brilliance or originality. she really had nothing new to say. i thoroughly agree with the late mary mccarthy's long overdue dismantling of hellman reputation some years ago. for those who think the theatre is dead or in extremis and yearn for the good old days, i urge a peek at watch on the rhine, as bad in its way as angels in america, which only goes to show that the theatre had one foot in the grave sixty years ago.

it as absolutely incredible to me that anyone could make the comment that this film is not preachy. it is not only oppressively preachy, but absurd, stagebound, dramatically straight-jacketed, and painfully overwrought. watching it, one feels like an 8 year old child being punished by having to write "i will not become a fascist" on the blackboard 100 times.now i understand that it was made during the height of ww2, and was intended to be a brave condemnation of hitler and the terrible suffering he brought about, (which anyone would whole-heartedly applaud) and i'm sure it accurately captured the mood of the day. but it is presented in such an immature, over-obvious, sledgehammer way, it fails abysmally as a work of art.the only good performances here are from paul lukas, who brings sincerity and intensity to his role as a quietly heroic anti-fascist; and lucile watson as the amusingly ill-mannered rich grandmother who slowly comes to realize how dangerous the world has become. though their rootless upbringing has subjected them to all kinds of hardships, the children are ridiculously shown as robotically well-behaved little snips. they do not even remotely resemble real human beings. and bette davis, a great actress, here is so one dimensionally noble i cringed every time she was on screen. her every word, her every gesture is meant to convey how supportive and understanding she is of the sacrifices her husband has to make and the great cause he is fighting for, that she must've been wired to receive a painful electric shock if she dared allowed any hint of doubt or shading to surface in her portrayal.so yes, this is a very important film, just not a very good one.

this film is terrible. you don't really need to read this review further. if you are planning on watching it, suffice to say - don't (unless you are studying how not to make a good movie).the acting is horrendous... serious amateur hour. throughout the movie i thought that it was interesting that they found someone who speaks and looks like michael madsen, only to find out that it is actually him! a new low even for him!!the plot is terrible. people who claim that it is original or good have probably never seen a decent movie before. even by the standard of hollywood action flicks, this is a terrible movie.don't watch it!!! go for a jog instead - at least you won't feel like killing yourself.

i saw this obvious schlock fest on a video store shelf. and before i got my first vcr i figured i'd christen it with this little gem and it's bad film-making at it's finest!the dialog is inadvertently hilarious. and it contains a cameo with donald trump. anthony quinn is in it inexplicably. and much like christopher walken seemed to want to star in every bad movie in his later years. this movie is mr. quinn's country bears.it features lines like, "shut up and let me fight!!!"and "you're saying a lot of sh_it!" and the priceless comeback: "unfortunately it is sh_it, tough angry sh_it!"you'll be awed by a fight scene as bo does a sommersault across a billiard table! and does a nice kung fu kick when she comes up from the roll! chop socky action and t and a thrills!!!what schlock movie fan could ask for more? oh, and when mr. quinn's character commits suicide and and comes back to haunt bo as a ghost she asks him why he killed himself rather then deal with his debilitating illness? he says, "real men don't eat quiche."uh, aaa, yeah. if bo was a smart cookie she woulda called for an exorcist right then and there!

the derek's have over the 1980s produced a few decent bids to acquire the title "worst movie of all time", and this is probably their prime achievement in these stakes. in fact, this film can be regarded as belonging to the "so bad, it's good" category, right up there with the products of the likes of edward wood jr. or doris wishman. this explains the imdb voting pattern for this film with some people handing out top marks.anthony quinn made the odd dodgy film in his time, but this performance as a randy ghost is so incredibly bad, it has to be seen to be believed.

i cannot stay indifferent to lars van trier's films. i consider 'breaking the waves' nothing less than a masterpiece. i loved 'dancer in the night'. i admired the idea in 'dogville' but the overall exercise looked to me too dry and too theatrical, less cinema. 'europa' which i see only now was a famous film at its time, succeeded in the us the relative success of an european film and got the oscar for the best foreign language movie, but did not survive well the time in my opinion. it is also a too much explicit and extrovert exercise in cinema art to my taste.the story has a level of ambiguity that cannot escape the viewer. treating the period that immediately followed the second world war not in the black and white colors of victors and vanquished, of executioners and victims but as rather ambiguous times when people of both sides were fighting for survival in the aftermath of a catastrophic event that change the lives of nations and individuals forever is still a source of disputes even today, more such was novel and courageous two decades ago. yet it is the means of expression that really do not appear fit to the task.the film seems to include a lot of quotes descending directly from the films of hitchcock, especially his early films set in the pre-war europe, with brave british spies fighting evil german spies on trains crossing at high speed the continent at dark. the trains were a symbol of the world and its conflicts with all their intensity and dramatism. here the train also becomes the symbol of the first sparkles of the re-birth of germany after war, of its might, of its obsession with order and regulation, of punctuality and civility. the characters that populate the train are far from being the classical spy stories good or bad guys. the principal character a young american of german origin coming to post-war europe willing to be part of a process of help and reconciliation finds himself in an ambiguous world of destruction and corruption, with liberators looking more like oppressive occupiers, with the vanquished not resigned to their fate but rather willing to continue on the path of self-destruction, with love doubtfully mixed with treason.it is yet this classical film treatment that betrays the director in this case. the actions of the characters, especially of leopold kessler played by jean-marc barr seem confused, and lack credibility. the overall cinematography seems to be not hitchcock-like but rather from a bad imitation of hitchcock in the late 30s. the usage of color over the black-and-white film used in the majority of the time in moments of emotional intensity is also too demonstrative. it is not that van trier does not master his artistic means, but he is too demonstrative, he seems to try too hard to show what a great filmmaker he is. he really is great, as he will show in some of his later films, but it will be left to the viewers to decide this alone.

i did not like the idea of the female turtle at all since 1987 we knew the tmnt to be four brothers with their teacher splinter and their enemies and each one of the four brothers are named after the great artists name like leonardo , michelangleo, raphel and donatello so venus here doesn't have any meaning or playing any important part and i believe that the old tmnt series was much more better than that new one which contains venus as a female turtle will not add any action to the story we like the story of the tmnt we knew in 1987 to have new enemies in every part is a good point to have some action but to have a female turtle is a very weak point to have some action, we wish to see more new of tmnt series but just as the same characters we knew in 1987 without that female turtle.

what of domino did i hate over everything, and i mean everything, else? perhaps it was the overall glorification of being a bounty hunter; maybe it was the sexism masquerading as an involving and interesting study of a hard bodied female lead character; maybe it was the mere look of the film with its bizarre yellow glow and distorted blue tints or the manner in which it takes an actress like lucy lui; who deserves a lot better than this junk; and has her sit there in the one spot in the room the light cannot directly hit with the same dumb look on her face. maybe it's the editing; that horrid rapid fire editing and the manner in which lines of dialogue echo as they're uttered by people like kiera knightly who, if you buy as a bounty hunter, then you'll probably be able to kid yourself into believing the world will end in 2012.nobody comes away from domino with any sort credibility, absolutely nobody at all. it is a painful and misguided experience, taking inspiration from things like natural born killers and letting loose ideas to an audience not even there for them. the principal question is: 'was domino supposed to be some kind of comedy?' what with its hilariously bad lead uttering certain lines that desperately want us to think she's coming across as 'tough' but really, she resembles more an arrogant fifteen year old girl on her first day at public school, attempting to impress her peers. there are things you genuinely don't know how to react to, whether they're supposed to be funny or not. if it is supposed to be a comedy, that begs the next question: 'is the life of a bounty hunter really the sort worth exploiting for laughs?' i don't think so.the film opens with the title card 'based on a true story........sort of.' if that's supposed to be some sort of post-modernist technique that enables director tony scott to bend and manipulate the story of domino harvey for his own unique purpose, then you're simply on another planet. truth is, in that one opening quote the film identifies the subject matter and the original text before completely copping out and saying 'sort of' which i guess is supposed to enable them to make domino older than she should be and appear on jerry springer. following this, we learn of domino's relationship with her father who died in the film when when she was ten or something; here is the first use of the 'sort of' cop out as in real life she was just four. but if the film had gone by reality's dates then her entire drive would've been born out of the death of........her goldfish.we are then thrust into action with ed mosbey (rourke); domino (knightley) herself and would-be love interest choco (ramírez). during the scene, an american mother is pinned down via gunfire in her own caravan in the back end of nowhere as she pleads for her son's life to be spared. what a really misguided opening; presenting its three leads as nasty people who break into trailers, fire off weapons at innocents we don't know anything of and come close to shooting their pet dogs.the immediate feeling is of hatred toward the three leads, a feeling of 'no, why are you doing this? why is this happening?' bad seeds are planted and, wouldn't you know it, they stick. the film is painful to watch, excruciating even; as these three mug their way through the piece complete with supporting performances from actors known for playing characters in beverly hills 90210. here is another daft post-modernist slant, people playing themselves and that 'sort of' joker card being played again. christopher walken even pops up in a really stupid role that reeks of robert downey jr's natural born killers character.so as the film plods on and domino is cast into ed and choco's gang, purely for her good looks i might add, it appears amidst the plot to do with fake driver's registration i.ds or something that choco and domino may have feelings for one another. the problem is, as each performer is doing such a bad job in their respective character; there is no chemistry and no feeling between the two; the film isn't a love story so why even bother going down that road in the first place? does anyone care about these two characters amidst all the fast edits and stuff blowing up? if there is any 'feeling' between choco and domino, it exists on such a small, tiny, minimalist scale that you have to ask why it's even included.so then the film feels the need to crank things up narrative-wise. we find out the reason for the fake i.ds that are linked to someone else and a guy talks on a cell phone in a sound proof bubble. the sound proof bubble i can believe but how does he get his phone under the water and into the bubble in the first place without it becoming flooded? he must've swam really quickly  double the speed of the film's fasted edit which means something in the region of .01 of a second. yeah, sure. the film's story becomes both too complicated and just plain arbitrary before resorting to a really dumb climax in which more stuff blows up. plus, there's a really distasteful scene to do with a wall chart full of new ethnicities and the film's comedy runs so dry, that it has to resort to the "jerry, jerry!" chant whilst people are on a popular american talk show. when did we last laugh at "jerry! jerry!"? when we were, say, seven years old? i came away feeling sad and depressed at such a film's existence.

tony scott has never been a very good director, but every film he's made after "crimson tide" seems to bring him one step closer to being the inarguable worst working today (michael bay may fall into the same category, but at least his big, dumb, delusional epics entertain on some primally perverse level). and like other overblown hollywood biopics ("de-lovely" and "confessions of a dangerous mind," for instance) chronicling the lives of pretentious, overrated, or outright shallow ciphers given an aura of "mystique" by a society that thrives on the juicy behind-the-scenes details, "domino" is a film that begins with little potential, and dashes that infinitesimal amount before the sixty-minute mark. with an already-distended running time of 128 minutes, the film feels twice as long, and spending time with characters this obnoxiously superficial and forgettable (unlike the superior "rules of attraction," scott's attempts to tinge the proceedings with irony via domino's smug, self-aware-rich-girl voice-over only draws attention to the film's sledgehammer cluelessness) becomes an act only masochists could find pleasurable. the story? spoiled-upper-crust-babe domino harvey (keira knightley, in an ersatz-badass performance as shallow as her gorgeous looks) is sick of the shallow lifestyles of the rich and famous in los angeles, and accosts gruff bounty hunters mickey rourke and edgar ramirez to learn a more exciting trade; along the way, there are double-crosses, shootouts, media attention (courtesy of a tongue-in-cheek christopher walken, phoning in his trademark sleazebag), and laughable hints at romance. scott cuts the film together in segments that rarely last more than a few seconds, cranking up the resolution to make the film a neon-drenched nightmare that's frankly unpleasant to watch--if scott's given an opportunity to shakily frame an image, ghost it, or distort it in some way, he will; but all this tacky stylistic overload overwhelms what little plot, characterization, and suspense the film has (to say nothing for its, ehm, "entertainment" value). most of the characters come off as either contemptible or stereotypical, oftentimes both (observe the unbearable, several-minute segment where an african-american introduces a new list of racial categorizations on "jerry springer"), and i found myself wishing they would all get the "tails" end of our protagonist's coin by the end. "domino" is utter, unmitigated trash--whatever interest in this individual scott hoped to inspire in his audience, it is lost in a sea of migraine-inducing neon pretension a few minutes in.

i was very excited about this film when i first saw the previews. normally i see a preview this good and i buy the film outright. something told me to... you know watch it first. i'm glad i did. keira knightley ruined all future films for me with this role. in the 2nd pirates movie when it came out i went to see it. all i saw was domino harvey and i hated her more for it. i think that had to do with her hair and having to cut it short for domino.domino who? who is domino harvey? i still don't really know or care. i don't know who she was in real life or who she was in this film. i didn't care about her character and even keira getting partically naked didn't make it worth the movie. the direction was definitely lacking. the writing was trite and shallow. the editing was horrible. i don't mind the style so much as the poor overuse of it. there's a place for it. good examples of choppy, mtv style, colorful editing (not sure if there's an official name) would be fight club; just off the top of my head. even enemy of the state had a semi similar editing style at parts. it was used tastefully and wasn't used as a crutch. i mean this is the same guy who directed top gun and crimson tide. tony scott please give me my time back.i understand there are many people who liked this movie. i guess the idea that you'll either completely love this movie or completely hate it is a fair assessment. frankly, i hate it.

it's rare that i come across a film this awful, this annoying and this irritating. it is without doubt one of the worst films i've ever seen.the plot, when it's not a blur of confusing and pointlessly over flashy editing, is ludicrous. why did domino become such a bad-ass tough bitch? because her gold fish died when she was a kid and this "traumatic" event left her emotionally stunted, and hating everyone. when the dialogue is not clichéd or banal, it's littered with laughable lines such as: "there are three kinds of people in this world: the rich... the poor... and everyone else". at one point the bounty hunters have some guy tied up in the back of their bus who has a combination number tattooed on his arm. because of a confusing mobile phone call, instead of rolling his sleeve up and just reading the number, they blow off his arm with a shotgun. at another point, the bounty hunters take a bomb to a meeting arranged with the mafia and threaten to set the bomb off unless the mafia let them go!? clearly not going to the meeting would have been just too easy.keira knightley is unconvincing and dreadfully miscast. mickey rourke does manage to salvage some credibility from this mess.i have enjoyed some of tony scott's previous films, true romance being one, but all i could think while suffering this drivel was that it must have been made by a complete idiot.

i do not know if this movies problems are more the fault of direction or script. as you will see in many reviews the editing style is way overdone. it is absolutely distracting and without substance, which could be considered a good thing if you look at some of the quotes from the movie. i do not write many reviews here, but felt this movie was so awful that it deserved comment. movies like this erode at movie making as an art form. movies like this one show more and more clearly that the current reality focus in cinema is revealing the quality of the characters behind them. people hone there craft, there 5 senses, and there business sense - overlooking there own inner life. however i do not put blame on them, it is more and more the unfortunate condition of this age - qualified by films like this one. but by proxy these manufacturers i would dare not call artists vomit there lack of inner life or regard onto the screen - diffusing it to everyone. a story of bounty hunters, guns guns and more guns, heavy handed flaunting of sex - for the oh so popular actress (did they write the lap dance scene after they signed her?), over saturated, over exaggerated, one liners, non-linear plots. all different and yet all the same. annoying overwhelming music to push the emotion down your throat. a story? a development of character? or just withheld, missing information, revealed at the end to create the *effect* of a story - as if one took place. it altogether lacks anything remotely resembling subtlety. it is a caricature of stereotypes and genre. where are the films with awareness? what about subtlety of sound and music that you are not even aware is there? what about the depth of a look? what about editing with a point about mind and consciousness? yes even in action films this can happen. sure they have honed a craft; but what use is it without soul or wisdom? of insight into the human condition? can the people who commented and said that this is an apogee of art, or compare this to picasso and others - i say put this next to gandhi or the godfather, even the original trilogy of star wars or the lord of the rings; then look me in the face and say it again. it is a good crew, but they need some help with depth and story. i hope they get it because i like the crews previous work. better luck next time.

this film is really bad....... no i mean really really bad. tony scott is a terrible director. out of all the films he has made i only like enemy of the state, besides that he is one of the worse directors of all time. what appalled me the most is richard kelly (director of donnie darko) did the screenplay to this. now richard kelly is a genius in my eyes but to be involved in this makes hope he has learnt his lesson.now i love mickey rourke's new roles but i cant even like him in this because of the terrible story and look of it. don't get me wrong i still love mickey rourke but he has made a few accidence's in his time and this is one of them. i don't know what to say about keira knightly, i think she's a little too overrated. i just cant feel for her in films.all in all this film is bad. thats it....... 1/10.......j.d seaton

supposedly based on the life of domino harvey a model turned bounty hunter. i'd say 95 % is fabricated. i always keep an open mind when it comes to movies, however, this movie lost its chances when it became apparent it had narration throughout the film, something i can't stand, and to top it off, the heroine of the story is so hateful and depicted as an arrogant b!ch i just wanted it to end with her being shot in the head. it's too incoherent, too flashy and way too boring, it's a who gives a crap kinda story, and i really think that big time directors need to make movies based on their own or a writer's own imagination not something based on some ignorant snobby brat's life.

if it smells like garbage and if it looks like garbage, it must be garbage. this is by far one of the worst movies i have ever seen in my entire life. tony scott's poor directing style puts shame to an already uninteresting and slightly untrue story of domino harvey's life as a bounty hunter. the story is completely discontinuous and confusing to watch. certain aspects of the plot were ridiculous and totally unbelievable. it seems that all of the action scenes were loosely strung together by poor plot points and horrible acting. keira knightley does get totally naked in this one though. that is the one and only upside to this film. if you want to see her naked just fast forward the movie until about an hour and a half into it and you'll catch a whole lot of nipple. i strongly suggest that no one see this movie ever!</3

my flatmate rented out this film the other night, so we watched it together.the first impression is actually a positive one, because the whole movie is shot in this colorful, grainy, post-mtv texture. fast sequences, cool angles, sweeping camera moves - for the moment there you feel like you about to watch another "snatch", for the moment....when the plot actually starts unfolding, one starts to feel as if one over-dosed amphetamine. things just don't make sense anymore. i would hate to spoil the fun of watching it by giving out certain scenes, but then again, the film is so bad that you are actually better off not watching it.first you think it is a crime story recounted in a conversation between keira knightley and lucy liu. wrong. this conversation provides no coherent narrative whatsoever. rather on the contrary, domino's lesbian come on on lucy liu's character during the second part of the movie just throws the audience into further confusion.then i thought that maybe it is a movie about a girl from affluent but dysfunctional background who grew to be a tough bounty hunter. in any case, that is the message conveyed by the opening scenes. but after that the question of domino's character is entirely lost to the criminal plot. so in short, no this is not a movie about domino's character.then i thought, it's probably a story of one robbery. a pretty bloody robbery. 10 millions went missing, bounty hunters are chasing around suspected robbers, mafia kids are executed, hands are removed, domino tries to crack why this time they get no bounty certificates, etc. but soon this impression is dispelled by another u-turn of the plot.this time we are confronted with a sad story of an obese afro-american woman, who fakes driver's licenses at the local mvd and at the age of 28 happens to be a youngest grandmother. lateesha stars on jerry springer show, tries to publicize some new, wacky racial theory, and at the same time struggles to find money for her sick granddaughter.what does this have to do with the main plot? urgh, well, nobody knows. except that director had to explain the audiences where will bounty hunters put their collectors' fee of 300,000.then at some point you start to think: "oh, it is about our society and the way media distorts things". there is reality tv crew driving around with the bounty hunters and doing some violent footage. the bounty hunters are also stuck with a bunch of hollywood actors, who just whine all the time about having their noses broken and themselves dragged around too many crime scenes. but no, this is not a movie about media, they just appear sporadically throughout the movie.plus there are numerous other sub-plots: the crazy afghani guy bent on liberating afghanistan, the love story between domino and chocco, the mescaline episode, the fbi surveillance operation...can all of the things mentioned above be packed into 2 hrs movie? judge for yourself, but my conclusion is clear - it is a veritable mess!

from the first moment, this "thing" is just an awful sequence of extremely short cuts of blurry camera work. while the overall plot has every potential for a thriller, the story is so badly told that i'm unable to buy it. from the middle of the film, the actions of characters don't make sense to me. stop reading now to avoid spoilers.for instance, ed's idea to have edna make coffee for them after having shot off her son's arm is way below his alleged experience; it's just an extremely stupid idea. domino not questioning the fragmentary orders she receives from claremont williams over a breaking-up phone connection just eludes me; shouldn't she be long suspicious that williams is turning them in? those fbi agents seem out of their minds showing up with just one single helicopter to something they have every reason to consider a capital mafia shoot-out. besides, what they do by withholding and leaking information towards cigliutti is pretty much incitement to murder; it seems to me like farewell to justice if that's they way the fbi does investigations. in reality, they'd have a case messed up beyond repair if they acted like this. we get to see a car accident which normally would have at least seriously injured if not killed most of the passengers but miraculously leaves all of them with just a few bruises. quite the contrary, the accident is immediately followed by domino making love to choco, which is from domino's viewpoint in no way founded by previous events but just by being drugged to the eyeballs.the whole sequence of scenes starting from the phone call of claremont williams appears to me just as want-to-be dramatic razzle-dazzle. this combined with the awful, uneasy camera work just makes a piece i hesitate to call a movie. i'm sorry for the wasted effort of the main actors, whose talent is out of question.

repetitive music, annoying narration, terrible cinematography effects. half of the plot seemed centered around shock value and the other half seemed to be focused on appeasing the type of crowd that would nag at people to start a fight.one of the best scenes was in the "deleted scenes" section, the one where she's in the principle's office with her mom. i don't understand why they'd cut that. the movie seemed desperate to make a point about anything it could and domino talking about sororities would have been a highlight of the movie.ridiculous camera work is reminiscent of mtv, and completely not needed or helpful to a movie. speeding the film up just to jump past a lot of things and rotating the camera around something repeatedly got old the first time it was used. it's like the directors are wanting to use up all this extra footage they didn't want to throw away.another movie with jerry springer in it? that should've told me not to watch it from the preview.a popular movie for the "in" crowd.

tony scott destroys anything that may have been interesting in richard kelly's clichéd, patchy, overwrought screenplay. domino harvey (kiera knightley) was a model who dropped out and became a bounty hunter. this is her story... "sort of".the problem with this rubbish is that there isn't much of a story at all and scott's extreme graphic stylization of every shot acts as a distancing mechanism that makes us indifferent to everything in harvey's chaotic life.you just don't care about harvey. knightley plays her as an obnoxious, cynical brat who has done nothing to warrant our respect. she punches people she doesn't like and sheds her clothes and inhibitions when the situation calls for it, but she isn't the least bit real and knightly isn't the least bit convincing, either.the film is boring. it's loud, too, and shackled with one of the most annoying source music scores i've heard in a long time. the final twenty minutes are a poor re-run of scott's "true romance" climax with domino's gang going to meet two sets of feuding bad guys who are -- surprise! surprise! -- destined to shoot it out with each other at the top of a las vegas casino.unfortunately, this potentially exciting conflagration is totally botched by scott and becomes a confusing, pretentious, pointless exercise in celluloid masturbation. this is not an artistically brave or experimental piece; it is a failure on every level because it gives us no entry point to the lives and dilemmas of its characters.mickey roarke looks good as a grizzled bounty hunter, but he disappears into the background as the "narrative" progresses. chris walken turns in another embarrassing cameo and dabney coleman, always solid, is underutilized.don't be fooled by this film's multi-layered, gimmick-ridden surface. it is still a turd no matter how hard you polish it.

someone told me that this was one of the best adult movies to date. i have since discredited everything told to me by this individual after seeing this movie. it's just terrible. without going into lengthy descriptions of the various scenes, take my word for it, the sex scenes are uninteresting at best. jenna in normal street clothes in the beginning was the highlight of the film (she does look good) but it's all downhill from there.

i am a very big fan of jenna jameson, but this movie is horrible. at the time jenna jameson was married to brad armstrong and he was the director of this film and jenna was the hottest porn star ever. so, of course, brad tried to make as much money as he could off her by making this big budget porn film. now i know why they don't make big budget porn movies anymore. in a fantasy world, porn stars could act, but this is the real world and they can't act. that's why there porn stars, if a women as beautiful as jenna could act, then she would have tried to go into mainstream movies instead of porn. just because your beautiful doesn't make you a movie star. a fine example of this is traci lords, when she was a teen thru her 20's she was one of the most beautiful, sexy women on earth. she made her move into low budget mainstream films and couldn't act. where is she now? i gave it a 2 instead of a 1 rating just because jenna is so hot, but there are better movies she has made then "dream quest". come on jenna, we don't want to hear you talk, as much as we want to see you have sex. also, you jenna, would have a lot more fans and more money in your bank account if you would have done anal on film.

this movie has a slew of great adult stars but fails to get you interested in a way an adult film should. among all the stars you couldn't get your kicks from any of the scenes. the movie is shot in a dream like middle age set which is embarrassingly cheesy. the acting is worse than keanu reeves, the sex scenes are as exciting as listening to your neighbor talk about their kid in college, and the dialogue is the worse i have seen in a movie. the plot also was worse by ten fold. i'd stick to the amateur route. the audio commentary was useless since it's a skin flick but even then that was bad too. unless your a diehard jenna jameson fan there is little here. 4/10

this is the biggest insult to tmnt ever. fortunantely, officially venus does not exist in canon tmnt. there will never be a female turtle, this took away from the tragic tale of 4 male unique mutants who will never have a family of their own, once gone no more. the biggest mistake was crossing over power rangers to tmnt with a horrible episode; the turtle's voices were wrong and they all acted out of character. they could have done such a better job, better designs and animatronics and no venus. don't bother with this people...it's cringe worthy material. the lip flap was slow and unnatural looking. they totally disrespected shredder. the main baddie, some dragonlord dude was corny. the turtles looked corny with things hanging off their bodies, what's with the thing around raph's thigh? the silly looking sculpted plastrons!? if they looked normal, acted in character and got rid of venus, got rid of the stupid kiddie cartoon sounds...and better writing it could have been good.

hobgoblins....hobgoblins....where do i begin?!?this film gives manos - the hands of fate and future war a run for their money as the worst film ever made. this one is fun to laugh at, where as manos was just painful to watch. hobgoblins will end up in a time capsule somewhere as the perfect movie to describe the term: "80's cheeze". the acting (and i am using this term loosely) is atrocious, the hobgoblins are some of the worst puppets you will ever see, and the garden tool fight has to be seen to be believed. the movie was the perfect vehicle for mst3k, and that version is the only way to watch this mess. this movie gives mike and the bots lots of ammunition to pull some of the funniest one-liners they have ever done. if you try to watch this without the help of mike and the bots.....god help you!!

this rip off of the 1984 hit "gremlins" is quite possibly the biggest train wreck of a movie ever made. even for a 'b' grade movie, all other cheap horror movies on the same platform completely dwarf this movie in terms of plot, acting, and goodness.it begins with a random old security guard and the younger punky security guard whose name is of no importance. why? because a few minutes into the film he walks into the 'forbidden' safe, and is killed whilst living out his fantasy of being a rock star in a cheap pub.this is just an appetizer for the scat-filled main course. the main character, kevin, struggles various times to prove himself as more than a total pussy. perhaps he succeeds within the film, but to the audience he proves himself as nothing more than a bad actor. kevin gets himself a job with the old security guard, and is guided through his security shift in the (wait for it) abandoned studio lot. yes why bother making a set when you can just use the studio itself. back to the film. kevin somehow opens the forbidden safe and releases the hobgoblins. the hobgoblins force people to live out their wildest fantasies and then kill them for some reason. they must be returned before sunrise or else...or else what? exactly.other characters include kevin's 'macho' army friend nick, nick's 'woman' daphne whose character has no more substance than a bitch-slut attitude and prostitute worthy outfits. there is kevin's manipulative and 'reserved' girlfriend amy, whose deepest desire is apparently to be a badly portrayed cher look-alike with fishnet stockings with a pair of blue grandma underpants on top.. don't ask me how that works. quite possibly the most entertaining character of all is kyle. how such groups of friends are made is up for question. kyle is a perverted creep who can't go an hour without self-stimulating. his hobbies include calling up sex-chat lines from other people's houses and most likely sniffing underwear.the story unfolds as the heroes search for the hobgoblins: knee-high creatures (aka. hand puppets) which, for some reason, attempt to travel no further than the borders of the local neighborhood. each of the characters eventually lives out their wildest fantasy which never has anything to do with having millions of dollars... or the film having a big budget.warning spoilers ahead: the twist at the end of this movie will leave the watcher wondering "what?". the hobgoblins are returned to the safe by...their own free will. perhaps they lost patience waiting for sunrise to wreak havoc, or perhaps the story-writers got writer's cramp and decided not to worry about the ending. upon returning to the safe, the old security guard reveals "what he learned in the military" and detonates explosives which destroys the safe, signaling the end of the evil hobgoblins and the end of this roller coaster ride; better fitted to a ride on an escalator.the sheer badness of this film is enough to send someone to tears. if you plan to watch it, i recommend a few alcoholic drinks beforehand to take any serious consideration of the film out of mind.

no matter how you look at this movie, it is just awful.if you view it as a horror, then it is an unscary movie with the monsters being hand puppets.if you look at it as a comedy, then you will notice most of the humor falls flat and is just lame.if it is a romance you will wonder why a guy would stay with such a b**ch!if you look at it as an action you can't really pull for the whiny hero.as you can see this movie just fails to deliver anything remotely entertaining. as mentioned the monsters are obvious puppets and this film was another attempt at a gremlins type movie. this however has the worst looking monsters of that genre. critters looked pretty good, so did the ghoulies, heck even the puppets from the munchies looked better than these. the characters in this film are thouroughly unlikable. the hero is a whiney security guard, his girlfriend is always complaining, they have a tramp friend who has a jerk military boyfriend, and another friend who is a spaz. at one point in the movie the hero and the military guy fight with rakes...this movie is just utterly stupid. i like the scene when they are in the dreaded club scum (which is obviously not a club, but more likely a diner) and the hero tells the waitress that none of them are 21. give me a break, i am 25 and i look younger than any of them.

so there's an old security guard and a guy who dies and then there's kevin, the world's biggest wuss. kevin wants to impress his incredibly insensitive, bratty, and virginal girlfriend amy. as he returns from work to... a random house... he finds his "friends," the sexually confusing red-shorted kyle and the truly revolting sluttish daphne. they are soon joined by daphne's boyfriend, the trigger-happy sex-crazed macho lunkhead nick. and there's the title creatures, horrid little dogeared puppets who kill people by giving them their heart's desire. kyle's heart's desire is to mate with a creepy, yucky woman in spandex. nick's heart's desire is to throw grenades in a grade school cafeteria-- i mean nightclub. kevin's heart's desire is to beat up a skinny thug with nunchucks. amy's heart's desire is to be a disgusting slut. daphne's already a disgusting slut, so she doesn't have a heart's desire. along the way a truly hideous band sings a truly odd song. the hobgoblins randomly go back to where they came from then blow up. "citizen kane" cannot hold a candle to this true masterpiece of american cinema.

i have done quite a few reviews on imdb and this film is unique in that i never saw the entire movie. it was so terribly stupid and unfunny that i just couldn't sit through it--though i tried.the biggest problem with this and any mel brooks movie i call "the mel quotient". in other words, the better his movie, the less of him you see in the film. think about it--the producers and young frankenstein were great films and he was barely in them at all. but, films like life stinks and space balls are chock full of mel and are pretty dopey movies (yes, i did not like space balls--but this isn't the place to talk about that).second, apart from cancer, rectal itch and mental retardation, i can't think of a less funny topic than homelessness. this is just a comedy breaker. think about it, folks. the funniest(?) scene in the movie has mel making whoopee with leslie ann warren in a dumpster!! and this is funny in what way?

i can't believe how anyone can make a comedy about an issue such as homelessness. of course, brooks has not made a comedy about _real_ homeless people. no mention of drugs, prostitution or violence on these streets. the people we meet in this movie are homeless in fantasy land so the only difference between them and us is that they don't eat quite as often. brooks' movies have become worse and worse over the years. this is just another nail in the coffin .

whenever i make up a list of the absolute worst movies i've ever seen, this movie is always on it. it has no redeeming qualities whatsoever. it took an act of will to sit through the whole thing, and i would sooner spill my own blood than have to sit through it again.what's wrong with it? let me tell you the story of my trip to go see it in the theater.i went to a midnight show, on a saturday night. i the only ones in the theater were myself, and a bunch of loud, boisterous, rather unruly teenagers, sitting somewhere behind me. they were obviously out having a good time on a saturday night, and had come to this "comedy" for some laughs. before the movie starts, during the previews, they were laughing and joking and making loud comments having a grand old time. it was borderline annoying; had they continued their unbridled enthusiasm into the actual movie, i might've said something, but i was feeling tolerant and empathetic of their spirited fun, so i let it go. and they did settle down once the movie started.why am i telling you all this? because you can judge this alleged "comedy" by the effect it had not just on myself, but on this rowdy bunch.during the entire run of the film, not one person in the theater laughed. not once. not myself, not the boisterous kids. absolute silence, aside from the soundtrack. and when the film was over and the lights came on, we all, all of us, slowly filed out of the theater in slow, somber, absolute silence. it could've been a funeral.this was the effect that this "comedy" produced. not laughter, not enjoyment, but absolute depression. it was a depressing, depressing movie, and not the tiniest bit funny. preachy, self-indulgent, depressing, but not funny.i consider mel brooks' "blazing saddles" to be on the short list for funniest movie ever. it still absolutely blows my mind that the same gentleman could be responsible for quite probably the least funny movie ever.in short: if you're feeling too happy, give this movie a whirl; otherwise, don't say i didn't warn you.

woody allen made "september", proving that even a genius could screw up. this is mel brook's "september". monumentally stupid, boring, and unfunny, i must confess i did not watch it through to the end. the flick ranks among the dishonored few (e.g., "the money pit", "out to sea", "spitfire grill") which either put me to sleep or forced me to reach for the "rewind" button. and i say this, sadly, as a devoted mel brooks fan. he should stick to straight comedy and leave social commentary alone. how the same fellow that made "young frankenstein" and "spaceballs" could crank out a dog like this is beyond me. to be avoided at all costs.

another chapter in the ongoing question, whatever happened to mel brooks's sense of humor? it starts out nicely enough, with mel as trump-like mogul goddard bolt ("you can call me god"), who accepts a bet that he can't live on the streets for 30 days. but the moment the movie hits the streets, it turns into a pathos-laden mess, with occasional "funny" bits interjected (mel sees a black kid break-dancing for money and tries to do a vaudeville buck-and-wing, yuk, yuk). leslie ann warren is nothing short of wasted. the worst part is this movie's musical number, in which brooks and warren do a silent dance to cole porter's "easy to love." brooks's musical parodies are usually the highlights of his movies; here he plays the whole thing straight, like a dancing excerpt from an aging guest star on "the carol burnett show" (on which rudy deluca, this film's co-writer, began his career). go rent charlie chaplin's the kid, which covered the same ground 70 years before and did a lot

this movie wasn't awful but it wasn't very good. i am a big fan toni collette i think she is a very beautiful and talented actress. the movie starts off about robin williams who is a writer and gets a book from a 14 year old kid. the book is great and he cant't believe a kid wrote it. toni collette plays the kids guardian who you don't know if this kid really exists or if she's making it all up. i am not gonna ruin the movie but i will say this the movie is not scary.the acting is pretty good and toni collette's performance was awesome as well as robin williams. the movie was a huge disappointment in my opinion i would wait for it to come to dvd.

i usually come on this website prior to going to the movies, as i like to see what other people think of the movie. i read many reviews which said 'thriller not a horror movie'. this prompted me to give this film a try. i really must take issue with these 'thriller/horror' statements, as it was neither! i almost went and asked for my money back, and if you lot of reviewers enjoyed this rubbish....well you must be easily pleased! at the end of the movie, the people behind me said out loud "what a waste of time" and i turned to them and replied " i couldn't have summed it up better". i kept waiting for something to happen...but it didn't. there was the potential for a lot of good scares (or thrills if you like) but none happened. williams acted the part quite well but i felt he was short changed by a poor script which dithered around and went nowhere. save your money folks, this is a turkey which will be featuring at a dvd store 'bargain box' near you in the very foreseeable future!

i would have rated this film a minus 10 but sadly it is not offered.why i didn't walk out in the first five minutes of this movie i cannot say. i should have gone with my instinct and left immediately!! several people in our theater did and sadly i didn't follow them out.the story lacked all criteria for a movie. no plot. awful acting! even robin williams was so disappointing that i may never see another film he is in. not a single relationship in the story went beyond parlor talk. i did like the tazer scene. too bad it didn't shock some meat into the senselessness of the plot. someone needs to tazer the writer and director of this film!

let me start out by saying i will try not to put too many spoilers in this. normally i enjoy robin williams movies, however this gem was not one of them. it was billed as a suspenseful thriller. the night listener was anything but. to be blunt there were 6 people in the theater opening day, 2 walked out, for good reason. the movie was in my opinion poorly written and directed. the acting was alright but again there wasn't anything to work with. the movie is about a storyteller who reads a good book by a dying kid. however *insert spooky here* no one can verify the kids existence. so williams goes to wisconsin to try and find the author, however all he gets is a headache and excuses from the boys caretaker. there thats it, thats all. you wait for about an hour and a half and movie ends. it had as many thrills and chills as a dentist office visit. the homosexual undertones, or overtones had really nothing to do with the story, and the movie had a little profanity but it seemed to be thrown in there for absolutely no reason and made little sense. in conclusion i really can't write a decent review on this film because there was nothing to it, it was as captivating as watching paint dry. i gave it a 2 because the acting for what it was worth was alright and it wasn't directed by uwe boll.

this movie is a mess. i'm surprised it even has a theatrical release. without robin williams it would have gone straight to video. it is poorly written. it is poorly directed. it's worse offense is that it has taken an interesting topic and reduced it to a ridiculous and boring thriller that has no thrills and no suspense and no inner or emotional logic.especially after the first half hour the movie dovetails into a series of ridiculous set pieces that are so over the top that the audience i saw it with was laughing at it. save your money. the trailer is totally misleading - it is not suspenseful and there are no thrills - in fact the movie's truly worst offense is that it is simply boring.

trying to compare or represent this "swill" as anything "hitchcockian" is an out-n-out attempt to mislead hitchcock fans to waste $7 on this movie... weak acting weak story weak script. no real suspense, no thrills. you wait all through the weakness of this movie for the big payoff or even any payoff...you're left thinking, what the heck was that all about.and please, enough with the movement to make "alternative lifestyles" hip and politically correct!!...i can't recommend this to anyone...did i mention how weak the acting is? williams did a better job as peter pan and "mork". but those were much more innocent times...........

i rarely write a negative review for this site, but this time felt complied to. night listener is without doubt one of the dullest films i have ever seen.there was nothing happening in this film what so ever - i didn't care for any of the characters, didn't buy in to the whole mystery type plot, didn't care how it ended....nothing.there is no comedy, no action, no thrills, no suspense, nothing. the highlights include (no spoilers - there's nothing to spoil): a man climbing through a window, a dog barking outside a hotel room, a car going over some rough ground and a truck beeping it's horn.i really enjoyed "one hour photo" and hoped for a similar eerie role from williams, but alas was sorely let down. what's more disappointing is that i'm sure there is a good film in there somewhere - the idea was interesting and i should have felt sympathy for the characters, but it just didn't work for me.i might even have given it 1/10 but that score is reserved for the remake of the producers

most of what has been said about the negative aspects of the film hold true.but .... if i have to sit through a movie were the:directordirector of photographyeditorcan't even miss the darn microphone boom popping in and out of the movie for almost every chapter of the movie, how can i enjoy and concentrate on the story as well as believe in the darn thing when i'm reminded of the technicalities of making a movie!!!!!!!wait for the dvd or don't bother

my husband is a huge robin williams fan. i like him too, but have generally found that he should "stick to what he does best" and focus on comedic roles. my thoughts were confirmed with this movie. i was completely bored throughout the entire film. the story was predictable. i realize it was inspired by a true story. but, my guess is that there could have been some suspense or intrigue even while maintaining truth in the story. none of the characters were well developed. there was a side story about the main character and his partner. this relationship could have been explored further. more important, though, would have been a deeper exploration of the mother of the "boy". her psychological profile would have been interesting to delve into. she obviously has a long history that was not touched upon except in the most superficial way. if my husband wasn't such a huge williams fan, we would have left 20 minutes into it. too bad i can't get my $20 or 2 hours back.

i felt that the movie was dry... very disappointing no plot..kept waited for something to happened and nothing did dry as a bone.. a wast of money.. one of robins williams worst films..if you don't believe me wait a few months it will be out on dvd because that seems to be a pattern for movies that don't do well in the theaters are out as rentals before the year is over... this is one you will not want to see or say why did i spend my money on that!. plus for it being such a new movie there were only 8 people in the watching it.... this was on a friday night the 9:50 showing. i also felt that it needed some more excitement or something to keep us awake. when they characters spoke in the movie the voices were also very low you could not hear what they were saying..

robin williams gave a fine performance in the night listener as did the other cast members. however, the movie seems rushed and leaves too many loose ends to be considered a "must see." i think the problem happens because there isn't a strong enough relationship established between the caller and the gabriel noon(i had to spell it this way, because imdb wants to auto correct the right spelling to "no one") character. the movie runs a little over 01:30 and within the first 15 minutes, or so it seems, noon begins his search for pete logande, the boy caller.this happens after he talks to the mysterious caller about 3 or 4 times. the conversations aren't too in-depth mostly consisting of how are you... i'm in the hospital...why did you boyfriend move out... etc. in the book, the kid almost becomes noon's shrink and vice versa and the reader understands why he goes in search of this boy, once he finds out the kid disappears and thinks he might be a hoax.in the movie, noon becomes obsessed with finding logande, but the audience is left to wonder why? since there really isn't a strong enough bond established between noon and the caller, why bother? who cares if the caller doesn't exist? i know there's a difference between a book and a movie, but those calls and that relationship was critical to establish on screen, because it provides the foundation for the rest of the movie. since it doesn't, the movie falls apart.this is surprising because of maupin's other work, tales of the city. when it was made into a mini-series, it worked beautifully.

i didn't really expect much from "the night listener" and i actually never heard of it until i saw the cover in the videostore. however, the movie is very effective when it comes to building up suspension and tension. on occasion it drags a little, but it actually helps to keep you wondering what's going to happen and more importantly: when. as the movie progresses, the character played by robin williams gets dragged into some kind of "cat and mouse" spiel to the point where he becomes obsessed with finding out the truth and existence about a 14 year old abused kid that no-one seemed to have ever seen in person. the night listener is an interesting story, which is great in building up the suspense throughout the movie and you're pretty much kept in the dark of who is lying and what's real. however, in the end it kind of disappoints and doesn't live up to the potential it could have had. it doesn't really give you a detailed or plausible explanation about the other main character, which would have been helpful and interesting.

this movie is trash-poor. it has horrible taste, and is pedestrian and unconvincing in script although supposedly based on real-events - which doesn't add much of anything but make it more of a disappointment. direction is not well done at as scenes and dialogue are out-of-place. not sure what robin williams saw in this character or story. to start, williams is not convincing as a gay in a relationship breakup nor is the relationship itself interesting. what's worse, his character is compelled by an ugly pedophile story that is base and has no place as a plot device. you have an older rory culkin tastelessly spouting "d_ck_smker" - in good fun- which is annoying enough and then laughed up by the williams character. finally you have sandra oh as a guardian angel adviser to williams and a thrown in explanation of the whole fiasco towards the end. toni collete's character is just plain annoying and a re-hash of her 6th sense performance with poorer direction. very miss-able.

i couldn't give this film a bad rating or bad review for two reasons: robin williams and toni collete. the film has the potential of being a thriller and there are some slight disturbing elements that lean to the psychological which was something the film could have focused a little on. robin williams plays gabriel noon, a storytelling night time deejay who is going through personal issues: his lover moves out and gabriel is having what seems to be a case of storyteller's block. one day he receives and reads a story written by a dying 14-year old boy named pete boland (rory culkin). pete tells the story of his life and the abuse he suffered at the hands of his parents. he lives with his adopted mother and social worker, donna boland (toni collette). gabriel is fascinated and begins a friendship with pete, but things seem strange when gabriel attempts to meet him and discovers the possibility that pete boland may not even exist. i won't go into detail because i don't want to spoil the film, but i will tell you this: it is quite predictable. fascinating atmosphere for telling a story and good performances from robin williams and toni collette, who i thought was the film's key character. collette is without question one of the most talented and loveliest actresses. her ability to tap into the psyche and personality of the characters she portrays is very uncanny and i hope to see her win an oscar (hell, i think she might pull off getting a best supporting actress nod for this one if the script were a little better). the film starts off as a psychological thriller, but a predictable one at that. if your curious to know the film's ending and twists, then see the film otherwise i would rent another predictable thriller called "hide and seek".

felt mine was while watching this...but it seems that is the reason for insanity running in the family in this film. not that makes a lot of sense anyway, as others have mentioned, this was one of karloff's last films and it's only his screen presence that lends it any credibility at all. it's sad that all of the great legends of the horror films in the sound era were eventually reduced to starring in low grade rubbish like this. marginally, boris did get off slightly better than poor old bela lugosi but not by much. boris does his best and give him credit for trying to hold this mess together. the strident background music doesn't help and distracts from any lucid moment. apart from boris, the rest of the mexican cast are dubbed into some strange, clipped, english monotone that is reminiscent of the type used in porn films of the late seventies. at a guess i think it's edgar allen poe's 'house of usher' that this is taken from but you'd be hard pressed to find a great deal of poe in the finished article.still, there are far better films out there with boris karloff at his best, search them out and give this a wide berth, unless you want the curse of the 'shrinking brain' too!

"house of evil" aka "dance of death" of 1968 is the first of four infamous and odd last movies starring the great boris karloff and directed by jack hill and juan ibánez. unlike "snake people" (1971), "the incredible invasion" (also 1971) and "the fear chamber" (1972) which were all released after karloff's death in 1969, "house of evil" was released in 1968, when karloff was still alive. "house of evil" is regarded by many as the worst of these four movies, which are without doubt all rather crappy, but definitely have their entertainment value as the unintentional comedies they are. i personally prefer "the fear chamber" and "house of evil" over the other two, simply for the reason that the lack of the slightest logic is even more extreme, and since there is no suspense whatsoever in any of the movies, the lack of logic increases the unintentional fun factor.the odd story (i don't know if i can really call it a 'plot') is set somewhere in europe in the 19th century. after some girls are murdered and found with their eyes ripped out, mathias morteval (karloff), an enthusiastic organ player, invites his few remaining relatives to his bizarre mansion, which is full of eerie toys. his kinfolk includes lucy durant (julissa), who is engaged to one of the police inspectors investigating the murders.i won't give away more of the story, but i can assure you that it is quite bizarre throughout the movie. there are some very funny moments, especially some things karloff's character says. boris karloff was without any doubt one of the most brilliant and important icons of the horror genre who ever lived, and he manages to award this odd movie with a tiny bit of his greatness, and although (or because) his role is (due to a poor script and and directing) in no way scary, it looks like he deliberately plays it with a sense of humor. just like in the movie's successors "snake people" and "the fear chamber", the female lead is once again played by julissa. most of he supporting performances are hilariously amateurish, the cinematography is terrible and the locations and sceneries are beneath contempt. the storyline lacks the least bit of logic and the dialogue often does not make the slightest sense. it is the poor story and dialogue, however, that makes this movie so entertaining to watch. "house of evil" may be an extremely crappy attempt of a movie, but it is certainly as (unintentionally) funny as it is bad. fans of ed wood's movies should be very amused, i personally found it hilarious. crappy but entertaining nevertheless, and definitely worth watching since there's boris karloff in it and due to the fun factor. 3/10

boris karloff is matthias morteval, a dying, lonely old nut who lives in morhenge mansion with some servants and tells his doctor friend, "don't try to doctor me, doctor! i'm disgustingly healthy!" he invites his nieces and nephews to his home and warns them they may have inherited a genetic disease that causes madness by "shrinking the brain" (?)***spoilers***morteval/karloff ends up dying, and murderous "toys" (designed by his dead brother) start killing off the relatives. a mini cannon fires real bullets into a guys face, a life-sized knight in armor attacks with an axe and a dancing sheik stabs people with a knife. one guy getting strangled makes some hilarious faces. at the end, julissa and her boyfriend find karloff is still alive and hiding out in the dungeon where steel gates seal off the room. he plays the recurring organ theme music (sort of a death rattle used for the killings), the brother's spirit starts talking ("the whole house will go with me!") and the mansion goes up in flames.this senseless mess is too dark, boring and the stupid dialogue never matches the lips.

mr. vanhook took a good idea and kicked like a football. unfortunately, it didn't make the goal. the historical subject of giants is a good one, but pour in the goon milk and you end up with a giant wheel of cheese. i say, take this reel wheel and roll it off a cliff. i couldn't even watch the entire film. that says a lot because i rarely walk away from any movie. i always like to give them a chance for last-minute redemption. it's impossible to redeem something this bad. well, at least the acting was good....not! the only thing "falling" in this film is the rating. 1/10 and sinking into the negative numbers!

sometime in 1998, saban had acquired the rights to produce a brand-new ninja turtles live-action series. naturally, being a fan of the tmnt back in the day, this obviously peaked my interest. so when i started watching the show... to say i was disappointed by the end result is an understatement. some time later (more like recently), i got a chance to revisit the series.first off, let's talk about some of the positives. they managed to re-create the turtles' lair as it was last seen in the movies fairly well given the limited budget they threw in with this. there tends to be this darker atmosphere overall in terms of the sets and whatnot. and the turtle suits, while not the greatest piece of puppetry and whatnot, were functional and seemed pretty sturdy for most of the action stuff that would follow in the series.people tend to complain about getting rid of shredder quickly and replacing him with these original villains who could have easily been used in a power rangers show. but you can only have shredder get beat so many times before it gets boring and undermines his worth as a villain... and besides, most fans don't realize or don't remember or just plain ignore the fact that in the original comic, the shredder was offed in the very first issue! never mind the countless resurrections that would follow. so on a personal standpoint, i was sort of glad they got rid of shredder because then the anticipation would build to the point where they would eventually bring him back in a later episode. i find that shredder in small quantities work best because then his encounters with the turtles are all the more memorable.unfortunately, they end up replacing him with these original villains who, as stated, seemed more fit for a power rangers show than a ninja turtles show. and with these new magic-wielding generics comes a new female magic-wielding turtle, the infamous venus de milo. i'll be honest; i never got comfortable with her. i'm not against the idea of a female turtle; i'm just against the idea of one who uses magic and thus sticks out like a sore sight among a clan of ninja turtles who seem somewhat out of their domain. i almost get the impression that this could have easily been the venus de milo show dealing with her make-believe enemies and the tmnt are just there to provide the star power (or whatever was left considering the timeframe this was released). fortunately, they all share the spotlight together.next mutation was canned after a season on the air and the creators were more than happy to ignore it. given time and maybe another season, i really believe this live iteration of the tmnt could have been something and might have gotten a chance at greatness. but while the idea was sound, the execution was flawed (although there are a couple good episodes in this series). as it stands, next mutation is one of those oddities in turtledom that is best left buried and forgotten.

this is the worst thing the tmnt franchise has ever spawned. i was a kid when this came out and i still thought it was deuce, even though i liked the original cartoon.there's this one scene i remember when the mafia ape guy explains to his minions what rhetorical questions are. it's atrocious. many fans hate on the series for including a female turtle, but that didn't bother me. so much so that i didn't even remember her until i read about the show recently. all in all, it's miserably forgettable.the only okay thing was the theme song. guilty pleasure, they call it... nananana ninja...

not only is it a disgustingly made low-budget bad-acted movie, but the plot itself is just stupid!!!a mystic man that eats women? (and by the looks, not virgin ones)ridiculous!!! if you´ve got nothing better to do (like sleeping) you should watch this. yeah right.

i am guessing the reason this movie did so well at the box office is of course eddie murphy. i think this was his first movie since "beverly hills cop" so at the time he was hot. considering that one made over two hundred million and it was r and this one made about 80 million and it was pg does say it was not all that popular. i have never been a big eddie murphy fan, so that is probably another reason i didn't care for it much at all. this one has eddie as some sort of finder of lost kids. he must find the golden child or the world is in terrible peril. the plot is very bad, but as bad as it is it does not compare to the special effects. i had seen better stuff done in the 70's than some of the stuff this one offers, ray harryhausen did better stuff. still the main reason you see a movie like this is because of eddie, unfortunately he is not very funny in this one at all and it just seems stupid to put him in the "raiders of the lost ark" type scenes. i guess they were hoping for a fish out of water effect, but to me it just did not work.

oh man. if you want to give your internal crow t. robot a real workout, this is the movie to pop into the ol' vcr. the potential for cut-up lines in this film is just endless.(minor spoilers ahead. hey, do you really care if a film of this quality is "spoiled?") traci is a girl with a problem. psychology has developed names for it when a child develops a sexual crush on the opposite-sex parent. but this girl seems to have one for her same-sex one, and i don't think there's a term for that. it might be because her mother dana is played by rosanna arquette, whose cute overbite, neo-flowerchild sexuality and luscious figure makes me forgive her any number of bad movies or unsympathetic characters. here dana is not only clueless to her daughter's conduct; she seems to be competing for the gold medal in the olympic indulgent mother competition. it's possible that dana misses traci's murderous streak because truth be told, traci seems to have the criminal skills of a hamster. it's only because the script dictates so that she manages to pull off any kind of a body count.a particularly hilarious note in this movie is the character of carmen, a mexican maid who is described by dana as around so long she's like one of the family although she dresses in what the director thought would say, "i just fell off the tomato truck from guadalajara." carmen is so wise to traci's scheming, she might also wear a sign saying, "hey, i'm the next victim!" sure enough, traci confronts carmen as carmen is making her way back from mass, and bops her with one of those slightly angled lug wrenches that car manufacturers put next to your spare as a bad joke. i rather suspect than in real life those things are as useless as a murder weapon as they are for changing a tire. in another sequence, arquette wears a flimsy dress to a vineyard, under cloudy skies, talking to the owner. cut to her in another flimsy dress under sunny skies, talking to the owner's brother. then cut to her wearing the first dress, in the first location, under cloudy skies - but it's supposed to be later. you get the picture. we're talking really bad directing.as for skin, don't expect much, although traci does own a nice couple of bikinis. for those looking for a trash wallow, 8. for anybody else, 1/2.

this movie is so bad, i knew how it ends right after this little girl killed the first person. very bad acting very bad plot very bad moviedo yourself a favour and don't watch it 1/10

a truly, truly dire canadian-german co-production, the ever-wonderful rosanna arquette plays an actress whose teenage daughter redefines the term "problem child" - a few uears prior to the "action" the child murdered her father, and mum took the fall for the offspring. now she's moved up to the northwest us to start over, but her child still has a problem in that she's devoted to her mother. so devoted in fact that she kills anyone who might be seen as a threat to their bond.unfortunately mandy schaeffer (as the daughter) murders more than people - she delivers such a terrible performance that she also wipes out the movie, though the incoherent script, useless direction and appalling music (check out the saxophone the first time she displays her bikini-clad bod) don't help any; we're supposed to find her sexy and scary, but she fails on both counts. almost completely unalluring and not even bad enough to be amusing (not to mention the fact that arquette and schaeffer don't really convince as mother and daughter), all condolences to miss arquette and jurgen prochnow, both of whom are worthy of far more than this, and both of whom (particularly rosanna) are the only sane reasons for anyone to sit through this farrago.one of the production companies is called quality international films - not since the three-hour "love, lies and murder" (from two short productions) has there been such a "you must be joking" credit.

this is not as funny and gory as the dvd box claims. i really love twisted and wierd movies, but this one is really just dull! it's one hour of ripped off penises, flying baby born dolls and a lot of rape! i think the intention with this amateur sleaze, was to make a it's-so-bad-it's-good movies, but it fails. it's just bad! a few scenes are ok, but in whole it's a mess. if you like amateur splatter like this one (only way better) i would recommend andreas schnass' violent shit 2 and 3.

a killer, cannibal rapist is killed by a crazed cop on the scene of his latest murder. at his grave a cult have gathered with plans to resurrect him by peeing onto the grave. this of course works and he awakes ripping the guys penis off and he is back into his old killing ways with an all new zombie look. the two cops one of who is going a little crazy about the scum of the city and has a drug problem, are back on the case. two of the original cult member also tries to stop the killer by resurrecting some other kind of dead thing. thinking they have filed they leave but out from the grave comes a plastic baby doll that was used in the original resurrection. sounds a bit confusing really but no its just rubbish.the acting is terrible and one of the cops is the same guy that plays dr vincent van gore in the faces of gore series and he is just as terrible as the annoying cop in this film. the other cop just about struggles to get his terrible lines out. now i'm all for low budget cinema but this film is just terrible. if it wasn't for the very easy on the eye ladies and their nakedness i would probably have fallen asleep. there is a bit of gore but it's never more than some animal guts placed on the stomach of the victims. the zombie makeup on the other hand looks great and his foot long penis that he uses to rape his victims with is kind of funny at times. there is also a half decent scene where the killer falls in love with a sex doll. the doll with the chipmunks voice is the stupidest thing i have ever seen in a film. it is just a plastic toy on a fishing line.the ending is extremely bad. you would expect the killer to put up much more of a fight than he does. god knows how they made enough money to make a sequel. 4/10

it is such a strange movie, you can call it awful or if you sit with friends it can give you a killer laugh-athon. strange comes to mind again and again. shot amateurishly, acted even worse and the directions, maybe none. the special effects are funny but the music accompanying a flying demon baby will surely be the biggest hit. see it if you got time to kill. but don't, don't even try to take it seriously. supposed to be a tribute to 'porno holocaust ',. since i haven't seen it, from the tribute i can assume it to be as bad. should have given it 1/10, but it did give me a good laugh or two, so it gets a 3. excessive gore, the only thing somebody worked on. stay away if you are squeamish, more gore than laughs. wonder if the makers had a laugh making it?

i saw this film yesterday. i must admit, it weren't my cup of tea. although it's supposed to be a horror movie of its kind. but as i was watching this, i was thinking.. 'this movie isn't making any sense at all..' where on earth did this guy in the dark coat came from? where were the two guys were going when they left the girls behind? where on earth did a shark came out from?all these elements in this film somehow didn't add up. i felt as if these filmmakers wasted so much time and money on a film that was so bound to be so crap.i've seen many good horror movies in my time, but this is one of the most worst horror flicks i've seen. at the end of the movie, i said to myself that i wouldn't watch it again.. so much pappy show in this film, i've decided to give it the thumbs down! count me out on this one! 0 out of 10!

haunted boat sells itself as 'the fog' meets 'open water'. in many ways this is accurate. there are scares and weird looking people to keep you interested.however the acting ability is poor at best. showing clear signs that this is merely a bunch of friends making a horror film. which in all credit they do to the best of their ability. when you accept the low budget makes it very difficult for special effects, with the ghosts looking pretty much like men with rubber masks on.many aspects of the film are creepy and strange. but it suffers for using too many twists and turns in a short space of time which just leaves you bored and confused. in terms of keeping you awake the film does it very well. ignoring the irrelevant twisting every 5 seconds near the end, you actually want to know what is going on. and are willing to wait the 1hr 35 minutes for the climax.this is no ghost ship but it'll definitely do for an evening in front of the t.v.

*****probably minor spoilers******i cant say i liked it, but i cant say i didn't...its very strange. it has bad things in it like for example a shark that came out of nowhere with the worst cgi you can imagine,if i was the director i would cut that part for sure, gave me the urge to stop seeing the rest of the movie... for some people it will be boring cause it lacks action, feels home made sometimes... take for example a scene that one of the friends died and next thing they are doing is what? nop,not crying...their telling horror stories to each other..*sighs*(just after crying for hes lost)another stupid thing was when they were talking inside the boat they had like "hundreds" of candles in the table in front of them...the boat is surrounded by some kind of rag curtains(old rags covering the windows) and sofas/couches ...i thought it was dumb, using candles but not thinking about the surroundings, besides being in high sea alone...the good, some scary scenes they are nicely done i liked some. sometimes horror works better when its hidden when its behind something instead of showing of, so this movie does it good, maybe because its a low budget i don't know, but it works fine for me! you will feel tension if you forget some holes like the ones i mentioned above.do not expect much of it! but if you like anykind of movie watch this one, be patient, try to enjoy.. lol(sorry about my raw english) =)cheers

let me be really clear about this movie. i didn't watch this movie because of the plot, i watch it for the saucy sex scenes. that being said, this movie is so god damn awful i flip between pure joy of seeing a godly body of traci (mandy schaffer) and cringing my eyeballs out for the disaster of a plot.spoiler alert the first scene of the movie already had me cringing.. you see a woman painting something by the lakeside, in pure bliss and serene, then a beautiful girl approach and ask if she could paint beside her. when they both finished, they show each other what they had done... and the woman painted a vineyard when she is facing infront of the lake. what kind of screwball director would make this kind of mistake?? and in another scene, traci gets to kill her teacher's lover by smash him with the sail pole, and then she swims away, and none of the town's police suspected her once. i mean hellooooo? mandy did not wear a glove did she? her finger prints are all over the god damn boat!! after that, it gets worst, whenever mandy is around, there is the "chilling" sound effect played which sounds like a cat in hissy fit. it's also a real pity rosanna arquette's is in this movie. i feel real sorry for her to have to star in this super low budget soft-porn no brainer. same goes for jürgen prochnow, who also has the misfortune to star in this movie. all in all, 2/10.

do not ever watch this film...it is the biggest pile of sh*te i have ever come across in my whole life. and thats saying something. the acting, storyline and filming were absolutely dire this is the worst film in the world!!! seriously doesn't it even give you a hit seeing as it cost my 99p from sainsburys and it was only made in 2005? hahaha this film is like a cheap college movie you can even see the camera in the corner of the screen....although if u really wanna watch it you gotta watch the "scary shark scene"...possibly the best piece of acting i have seen in my life...ha ha. i mean seriously this is the biggest waste of 2 1/2 hours ever!!

what the heck was this. somebody obviously read stephen king and sartre in the same semester. we get existential angst mixed in with cheap horror. there were moments that were disturbing but each one was canceled out by horrible music, cgi, or acting.the problem with weird narratives like this is that it feels lazy. even david lynch's work feels like that at times, and just like his interesting shows and movies it runs far far too long. and sadly this is only 98 minutes.the cast was attractive, and that is about the limit to this. i suppose it touches on feelings of adolescents and the fear of loneliness we all have, but just doesn't make the characters likable enough for us to care about their fates...whatever they were. the final scene leaves the whole thing ambiguous.

i rented this film purely on the fact that the cover appealed to me. however as soon as the film began i had regrets. it seems they used a home video camera to shoot this film and let a young child do it. they also used inappropriate ghostly faces and shapes to try and scare people but i found myself laughing, i could have put that together myself and done a better job of it.as for the plot i felt that it had some really good ideas but because of dodgy lines and in some cases acting they were overshadowed. it had no direction.i didn't want to sit through it all because it caused me physical pain to watch it but i always finish what i start so i took a deep breath and let it carry on. definitely 98minutes of my life wasted.i would save yourself the embarrassment of knowing that you have watched 'haunted boat' and find something that is more entertaining. i'm a fan of low budget horror films but this was a major disappointment i thought nothing could get worse after 'terror toons' but this made me reconsider. a let down to its genre.* out of ***** (the star is for the ideas of having their worst fears coming for them)

i watched this movie last night and hoped for the best after watching all the cool trailers.even the cover of the dvd looked good.as soon as i started watching it i was thinking like others "oh my god whats this".there were some moments that were a bit creepy but then the mood was ruined by stupid music.there was rock and opera during what is supposed to be suspenseful scenes.that right there ruined it for me and i was shaking my head thinking damn i wasted money again on a rental and was deceived by the cover art.nothing against the music itself,it was just in the wrong parts of the movie.whoever edited the film has no clue what they are doing.the cover showed lightning, implying they were caught in a storm at sea.that would have been more interesting but it didn't happen. the acting wasn't the worst i've ever seen considering they are all unknown and this is obvious their first film.another reason i was disappointed was the plot made no sense.in the beginning 2 men saw all of the teens get on a boat,then at the end supposedly only 1 girl existed and the others were either her imaginary friends or were ghosts i'm not sure because it was very badly portrayed. whytefox who wrote a comment on here claims this is a true story.he or she believes in ghosts and spirits and says there is a haunted boat in the area this movie was filmed.there was no mention in this movie about it being a true story.i have never experienced something like that personally but am not saying it's impossible.i guess if anyone is interested in renting this movie,do it at your own risk.if you like amateur student horror films you may like this.

this is by far the worst movie i've ever seen. from the plot, though the shots, the "special effects", the acting, and did i mentioned the plot? every single thing in it sucked ass!this is a good example of what "over-doing" means and i'll try to explain:i understand what the creator of this movie was trying to do; this was supposed to be one of those movies you can't really tell what the hell is going on up until the end. you sit mesmerized, not knowing who's dead and who's alive and who killed who and why and just when you think you got the timeline right you find out you're wrong and the movie ends - leaving you with an opened mouth for the next 5 minutes! something like "unbreakable" or "the job" if you know what i mean.but olga levens, the writer of this junk, yes, olga  the writer, director, producer, screenplay author, caster, production designer, art director, costume designer and also a double for one of the characters is some scenes... this is basically a one woman movie and when it comes to olga levens from "levens productions" you can't go wrong :-)well this might come as a shocker but "this time" olga over did this big time, jumping from scene to scene, from dreams to reality... but wait! this was all a dream after all... or was it??? the picture fades and i realized none of this ever happened, the girl was all alone on the ship... actually there was no ship... no wait! there's the ship again, and the guys! they're alive! thank god! no they're calling her to join the cruise... but then the ship disappears so maybe they're dead after all??? or maybe they never were alive to begin with???if you understood what i just said you might like this movie - otherwise it's a boring piece of work and the only reason i set through this entire crap is to find out how the hell can they finish this movie...don't watch this if you value time, ever 90 minutes are a waste in this case...

when the young kevin gets the boat of his dead uncle as a gift, he invites five friends of him to a trip to catalina island for the weekend. while in the journey, they drink booze, have sex and play games, with each one of them telling his or her greatest fear. later kevin drowns in the open sea, the engine stops, and they are haunted and murdered by their greatest innermost fear.yesterday, my wife, son, daughter and three other friends joined to watch "haunted boat" on dvd. with less than 30 minutes running time, the group gave up watching this messy and boring amateurish piece of crap, and we decided to see another film. later, i decided to watch the rest of this flick to see how bad it could be and it would have been better off going to bed to sleep. the confused story has an awful cinematography and camera work, with a cast that is probably studying to be actors and actresses and in the end this film seems to be a bad project of cinema school. the terrible and pretentious screenplay shows a ridiculous twist in the end, actually a complete mess that made me not understand what the story is all about. was the girl insane and traveled alone in the boat, imagining the whole situation with imaginary friends? if that is true, are their friend again in the very end fruit of her madness? my vote is one.title (brazil): "viagem para a morte" ("trip to the death")

this film on paper looked like it could possibly be good, after watching though i realised that this film was completely terrible!! the plot has no meaning, and i think i counted the best part of 5000 cut scenes each one making the film more annoying boring and ridiculous. i watched this late night pitch black no noise at all just to add to the scariness of it but the truth is the only thing that scared me was the music, what they would call tragic music, they play opera i mean be serious!! this film sums up all of what is not good about this type of film. to be honest ill say no more but watch at your own risk this film is just complete rubbish, enjoy!!

this can't be mandy schaffer's last film. somebody, do something! :-(argh.what little life this one might have had, the directing finished off. don't blame the cast; they did ok. even the winemaker's younger brother was pretty well done, and he didn't even get into the movie until halfway through. and please, please put mandy in some more movies! she's too beautiful to bury her career at such a young age. ya' breakin' my haht, heah....two specific criticisms, in case anyone cares (apparently nobody liked this movie very much). first, the way traci kept popping up at just the right melodramatic moment, in order to see whatever she was supposed to see, and never got seen in return, was very annoying. hollywood: please stop giving villains perfect timing luck which runs out exactly when the climax arrives. it's dumb. write better scripts so you won't have to use that lame plot device any more. if your script isn't good enough to stand up without that, then don't produce it.second, carmen wouldn't have fallen for that fake injury trick that traci pulled. she already had traci fingered. more bad writing/directing there.i could trash this movie further but mercy forbids it. actually i didn't hate it as much as the others seem to have. it just didn't have much of a reason for being made, unless it was purely a vehicle to show off the lovely mandy. oh, and to whoever didn't think she was sexy... the character wasn't very well written, but how can you say she wasn't sexy?!? one or the other of us needs glasses, and i don't think it's me.more mandy. (not to be confused with "moore, mandy" -- although i'd like to see her again too. ;-)p.s. did i mention i hope mandy makes me more movies? <:-d

because it is, that's why! this is the same jealous-daughter-kills-people flick we've seen a billion times. rosanna arquette makes anything worth watching, and mandy schaffer's brief nude scene (after teasing via scantily clad attire throughout the film) at the end almost make this trite blarney worthwhile, but not quite.* out of ****

this is just a case of a previously worthless island changed into something worthwhile. jesus christ people lets throw a big fit over 2000 islanders big deal.this is just a case of a previously worthless island changed into something worthwhile. jesus christ people lets throw a big fit over 2000 islanders big deal.this is just a case of a previously worthless island changed into something worthwhile. jesus christ people lets throw a big fit over 2000 islanders big deal.this is just a case of a previously worthless island changed into something worthwhile. jesus christ people lets throw a big fit over 2000 islanders big deal.

this movie is a crappy and forgettable sean connery vehicle. the performances are generally crappy especially by capshaw, fishburne, and the usually solid ed harris. connery seems miscast as a harvard academic. the movie absolutely gets worse as it goes along. it is a third rate mystery that becomes extremely contrived by the time it unravels. the movie squanders an excellent supporting cast. george plimpton also turns up in a minor role to add some gravitas to connery as they debate the death penalty. the violence and the atmosphere pepper a third rate mystery/thriller that is manipulation to the highest degree. the scripting and direction are extremely poor. connery's charisma and screen presence are the film's only virtue. manipulative, violent, and ridiculous. 2/10 avoid it.

this was my first, and probably the last angelopoulos movie. i was eager to get into it, as it featured mastroianni, one of my favorite actors and was a film by theo, of whom i've heard a lot. the opening was promising, a long shot over a jeep of soldiers across the albanian-greek border. ok! but that was all. nothing left. the movie had big holes and i don't know which to mention first. the main plot of the story is revealed to the journalist by the old woman. during a long walk. it's like a 15 minutes monologue, killing the action and viewers patience, nothing happening on screen for 15 or even 20 minutes, apart this old lady telling a story. all that is presumed to be shown through action, was simply told to the camera by the old lady. in a moment, the equippe of tv was heading to the bar. they turn the corner and immediately the winter begins! probably, shot in different days, continuity leaked. a lot of problems with the story-telling, it went from absurd to irrational never sticking to a style, making the viewer asking questions that never got answers. poor mastroianni, given a role which lacked integrity or charm. on the other hand, as many greeks or albanians or balcan people would agree with, the movies showed lot of historic, ethnic, or politically incorrectness, just for the sake of making a movie about "humanity" as a red in another review. a lot more to say, but no time to lose on a poor movie, which was not movie at all, but lunacies of a person impressed on film and paid with state money.

a pot - boiler if ever i saw one. a supposed thriller borrowing from "a time to kill", "silence of the lambs", even an inverted "in the heat of the night" with a little reverse murder, a la "strangers on a train" thrown in, it fails abysmally where all the above, to a large degree, succeeded. namely, in delivering thrills. the plot seems condensed from a bigger book, making the plot developments obvious and uninvolving, while the direction lacks pace and verve. to rein in any kudos, a major twist had to be delivered along the way and here it fails palpably too. connery is clearly slowing down in his old age, barely bothering with his attempt at a us accent and besides seems too old to be the husband of hope lange and the father of those gosh - darn kids of his. he even has a father in law who seems younger than him. laurence fishburne barely gets the chance to inhabit his role and you're confused from the outset as to whether he's a bad guy or a good guy. someone once said that flashbacks shouldn't lie - they do, confusedly, here. the rest of the playing is merely average by a reasonable cast in their underwritten stereotyped roles. the supposed climax managed too, to roll by leaving me firmly entrenched in the back, not as should have been the aim, front edge of my seat. mediocre sloppy hollywood film making for sure.

having enjoyed jean arthur in "the devil and miss jones", my interest was peaked, so i tried sitting through this second-string screwball outing about an investigation into the death of a jockey--but i didn't make it to the end. arthur, photographed in a gauzy, movie-magazine fashion, either wants alimony from ex-husband william powell or another shot at marriage, but i never felt for her because the character is just a string of wisecracks (she's the type of heroine prone to comical curiousness, but once inside a morgue--like all women in these '30's comedies--she faints). william powell reportedly had a high time working with miss arthur, but you'd never know it from the end result; they look awkward standing next to each other, hesitant over their banter. the actor playing powell's valet is excruciating, and the pauses for viewer laughs are pregnant with unease.

apparently, the people that wrote the back of the box did not bother to watch this so-called "movie." they described "blindingly choreographed intrigue and violence." i saw no "intrigue." i instead saw a miserable attempt at dialogue in a supposed kung fu movie. i saw no "violence." at least, i saw nothing which could cause me to suspend my disbelief as to what could possibly hurt a man with "impervious" skin--but here i am perhaps revealing too much of the "plot." furthermore, as a viewer of many and sundry films (some of which include the occasional kung fu movie), i can authoritatively say that this piece of celluloid is unwatchable. whatever you may choose to do, i will always remain correct, jonathan tanner  p.s. i was not blinded by the choreography.

i don't buy kung fu movies for a plot. i buy them for fight scenes. a bad plot can be forgiven for excellent fight scenes, but not the other way around.the story was decent, but moved too slowly for my tastes. there were about 3 or 4 mediocre fight scenes throughout, lasting only a couple of minutes apiece. the last fight was a bit longer, but by that point i was so bored i didn't even pay attention to it.

sexo cannibal, or devil hunter as it's more commonly known amongst english speaking audiences, starts with actress & model laura crawford (ursula buchfellner as ursula fellner) checking out locations for her new film along with her assistant jane (gisela hahn). after a long days work laura is relaxing in the bath of her room when two very dubious character's named chris (werner pochath) & thomas (antonio mayans) burst in & kidnap her having been helped by the treacherous jane. laura's agent gets on the blower to rent-a-hero peter weston (al cliver) who is informed of the situation, the kidnappers have laura on an isolated island & are demanding a 6 million ransom. peter is told that he will be paid 200,000 to get her back safely & a further 10% of the 6 million if he brings that back as well, faster than a rat up a drain pipe peter & his vietnam vet buddy helicopter pilot jack are on the island & deciding on how to save laura. so, the kidnappers have laura & peter has the 6 million but neither want to hand them over that much. just to complicate things further this particular isolated island is home to a primitive tribe (hell, in all the generations they've lived there they've only managed to build one straw hut, now that's primitive) who worship some cannibal monster dude (burt altman) with bulging eyes as a god with human sacrifices & this cannibal has a liking for young, white female flesh & intestines...this spanish, french & german co-production was co-written & directed by the prolific jesus franco who also gets the credit for the music as well. sexo cannibal has gained a certain amount of notoriety here in the uk as it was placed on the 'video nasties' list in the early 80's under it's alternate devil hunter title & therefore officially classed as obscene & banned, having said that i have no idea why as it is one bad film & even franco, who isn't afraid to be associated with a turkey, decides he wants to hide under the pseudonym of clifford brown. i'd imagine even the most die-hard franco fan would have a hard time defending this thing. the script by franco, erm sorry i mean clifford brown & julian esteban as julius valery who was obviously another one less than impressed with the finished product & wanted his named removed, is awful. it's as simple & straight forward as that. for a start the film is so boring it's untrue, the kidnap plot is one of the dullest i've ever seen without the slightest bit of tension or excitement involved & the horror side of things don't improve as we get a big black guy with stupid looking over-sized bloodshot eyes plus two tame cannibal scenes. as a horror film sexo cannibal fails & as an action adventure it has no more success, this is one to avoid.director franco shows his usual incompetence throughout, a decapitated head is achieved by an actor lying on the ground with large leaves placed around the bottom of his neck to try & give the impression it's not attached to anything! the cannibal scenes are poor, the action is lame & it has endless scenes of people randomly walking around the jungle getting from 'a' to 'b' & not really doing anything when they get there either. it becomes incredibly dull & tedious to watch after about 10 minutes & don't forget this thing goes on for 94 minutes in it's uncut state. i also must mention the hilarious scene when al cliver is supposed to be climbing a cliff, this is achieved by franco turning his camera on it's side & having cliver crawl along the floor! just look at the way his coat hangs & the way he never grabs onto to anything as he just pulls himself along! the gore isn't that great & as far as euro cannibal films go this is very tame, there are some gross close ups of the cannibals mouth as it chews bits of meat, a man is impaled on spikes, there's some blood & a handful of intestines. there's a fair bit of nudity in sexo cannibal & an unpleasant rape scene.sexo cannibal must have had a low budget & i mean low. this is a shoddy poorly made film with awful special effects & rock bottom production values. the only decent thing about it is the jungle setting which at least looks authentic. the music sucks & sound effects become annoying as there is lots of heavy breathing whenever the cannibal is on screen. the acting sucks, the whole thing was obviously dubbed anyway but no one in this thing can act.sexo cannibal is a terrible film that commits the fatal mistake of being as boring as hell. the only good things i can say is that it has a certain sleazy atmosphere to it & those close ups of the cannibal chewing meat are pretty gross. anyone looking for a decent cinematic experience should give sexo cannibal as wide a berth as possible, one to avoid.

the performances of fishbourne (who appears strangely funny somehow) and (short featured)ed harris are remarkable, unlike connery's who doesn't appear to find sense in his role and ends up in the motorial behaviour of a 80yr old man. in fact the screenplay doesn't make sense; imagine a 60 min. happy ending-plot plus a sudden turn appendix without any argumental structure in respect to the characters. it's more an accident than a screenplay and may be good for examination purposes at screen-wrights' schools. the more you remind the details the stronger this impression gets. the capital punishment is not an issue here, although it is a subject from the beginning; it sort of fades away without further comment. the subject-matter and environment could have been good.

1st watched 2/16/2002 - 4 out of 10(dir-arne glimcher): mystery??/thriller with too many ridiculous plot twists. despite the very talented cast this movie is way too predictable and just downright under-estimates it's audience. the movie-going public is not stupid and i hope will not keep filling certain stars pockets again and again despite what they are involved with. we think that this movie is going to be about something with connery's conviction against capitol punishment in the beginning but it turns out to be nothing but a standard, contrived for the audience's sake, run of the mill, let's never get it over with, thriller. we are pulled into every silly switch in character, as they are portrayed to us when it's needed in the story, and we're ready for this thing to be over way before it ends. yes there is some good acting here, especially from blair underwood, fishburne, and ed harris in a psycho-supporting role but the story does not work from almost the beginning to the very long-awaited end.

seems that the cast should ensure at least an average movie. and so i sat down for 102 minutes of unbelief. beside ed harris no-one seems to own the skills of acting. even sean connery, who i normally worship, must have had an off-day during the entire filming of just case. not once in during the whole movie one actor could convince me.this made this movie look cheap and unreal.the story makes up a little. it is thrilling, and the plot is unexpected.conclusion only watch this movie if you really have nothing more useful to do.

as other reviewers have noted the film dies in the last 1/2 hour. however before that it suffers from predictability and a stunningly vapid performance by kate capshaw, who clearly never found her character and ruins every scene she's in. connery is fine as is fishbourne, but most scenes are manipulated for effect rather than truth which overlays the entirety with a sense of unreality. and the ending is simply bizarre. the film makers apparently knew when they pieced this mess together that all they needed were sweet potatoes and pumpkin pie to have thanksgiving dinner, so to compensate they added an overloud "dramatic" score. every little jump is accompanied by a crescendo of orchestration, to the point where it becomes laughable. if you want an example of major league bad film this is one to see, otherwise skip it.

okay. who was it? who gave revolver 10 out of 10? are you tripping of your head on ecstasy pipes? there were so many of you. did you do it for a dare? is this some kind of cult? or did guy richie himself sign up 788 times under different names?before i say anything else, i'll say this. just because you don't understand a film doesn't mean that it's not great. maybe you've had a bad day at work, or you sat down to watch a film after you had a row with your wife and then weren't in the mood. maybe there's a more fundamental stumbling block- like you just don't have the mental capacity or a highly enough developed philosophical sense to engage with it. but. and this is a very, very big but. the xxl elephant-sized mega-but to end all buts.please don't confuse incoherence for complexity, and please don't confuse this two hour non-squirter for an interesting film. really. you may think you are pretty smart. you may even think of yourself as somewhat of a romantic figure: an independent thinker championing a masterpiece against a chorus of sheep-like naysayers. please don't. you're embarrassing yourself. revolver's a waste of everyone's time. if you thought about if for a few minutes, you'd recognise it too. it was a waste of the cast, a waste of the crew, a waste of the caterers, and definitely a waste of the precious minutes (you can't get them back you know) of anyone unlucky enough to sit through this unutterable, wretched mess."no - wait," comes a voice in the darkness. "you just don't understand. its non-linear. that means the story doesn't go in a straight line. this is actually the complex and subtle work of an auteur. it addresses difficult existential questions. and anyway - they slated fight club when it first came out - didn't you hear? -because they couldn't deal with the complexity. they're eating humble pie now. bet you hate lynch films too, doncha?" hate to disappoint you, but i am quite a big lynch fan. i rather like memento, so a narrative told in an unconventional fashion doesn't necessarily fill me with fear. and although i've only studied it briefly a few years ago, philosophy interests me greatly. i don't dislike revolver for these reasons. i dislike it because it purports to be about weighty, big-brained topics but deals with them in such an insultingly superficial way as to be laughable. i'm not much of a chess player, but richie's idea of how chess works seems to be that of a precocious four year old. i dislike it because the characters, without exception, totally alienated me. "aha!" cries the richie apologist. "guy is cleverly tipping his hat to brecht!" just maybe you're right. i think its more likely that he just can't write a decent script for toffee.comparing revolver with fight club is actually really instructive. fight club has acid-tongued, nihilistic dialogue that makes you laugh. revolver has stale fortune cookie reject one-liners that make your ears bleed. fight club has a great twist that makes you reassess everything that has happened. revolver has, as far as i can tell, several incomprehensible twists that offer no satisfaction because... well, they don't make sense. if you keep pulling the rug out from under people, they eventually kick you out of their house. and then they lock all the doors and windows. and they never let you back in. ever.guy richie seems to assume that being philosophical entails repeating a mantra of little buzz-phrases. mostly they are spoken, but often they flash up on the screen with attributions. it's almost pathological.but what makes this film particularly notable is the way in which something so incomprehensible can be married so neatly with all tired gangster clichés in the world. ultimately its so inconsequential. you don't care about anything. you don't understand anything. you go home.actually, there was a bit i really liked: the uptight assassin who has a crisis of confidence. he's great. but i can't recommend you see the film just to see him. he's only in it for a few minutes.please believe me. it's horrible.

i don't think i've ever felt this let down by a film before. after loving guy ritchie's two previous films (i don't count swept away - he was pussy blind), i was so looking forward to seeing this. the reviews were poor, then again, i don't trust the press anyway. more worrying was the fact that the internet buzz was that this was a bit of a stinker, so it was with some trepidation i handed over my £4.80 yesterday afternoon.i'm not even going to try to explain this film, mainly because i haven't got a clue what was going on and at one point i was honestly close to standing up and asking if it was just me who didn't get it! unfortunately i think ritchie seems to have fallen into his wife's trap of taking himself far too seriously.it seems it wasn't good enough for him to make films with good plots, laughs, snappy dialogue and good characters. it's almost as if he had a checklist of films he wanted to rip off, here are some of the ones i noticed:the matrix, fight club, kill bill, the usual suspects, vanilla sky...i think the most frustrating thing is that the performances from the two main actors, jason statham and ray liotta, were actually very good and it was really the self indulgent story and editing / direction that let the film down.so a big, big thumbs down from me.

was convincing the world that he didn't exist...this is a line that is probably remembered by a lot of people. it's from the usual suspects of course in relation to kaiser gold..i mean sose..i got another one like that: -the dumbest trick a director ever pulled was trying to convince an audience he actually had a storyline-this movie is one of the saddest pieces of film-making i have seen in a long time. it starts out so well, with really fantastic cinematography, great acting and a very smart premise. but alas, the only way this movie is heading is on a course of self-destruction. and it does so, not by a single blow but with nagging little wrist-cuts.pay no attention to the comments here that marvel at the fact that they found a way to explain this donut. with enough booze in my brain i would probably be capable of explaining the very existence of mankind to a very plausible degree. i have seen and read about a dozen totally different ways people explained the story. and they vary from a story set totally in someones head, playing chess with himself, to a cunning way for a criminal to play out his enemies by means resembling chess gaming.and that's all jolly swell. but at the same time it is a painful giveaway that there is something terribly wrong with this story. and apart from that, it is in any case a blunt rip off of a score of movies and books like "fight club, kill bill, casino, the usual suspects, snatch, magnolia and shachnovelle. and we are not dealing with kind borrowing here, it's a blatant robbery.what ultimately goes wrong here in this movie is that the storyline swirls like a drunk bum on speed. if this movie was a roller-coaster ride, you'd have crashed into the attraction next to it shorty after take off. there are so many twists in this movie which will never be resolved, that if it was a cocktail, you'd be needing a life supply of hurl-buckets to work of the nausea after drinking it. nothing is ever explained and when you finally get some grasp of the direction you think it's going, you get pulled in yet another one.i guess this story wasn't going anywhere on paper and ritchy must have thought that is was awesome to make a movie out of it anyway, being the next david lynch or something.1/10 for totally violating one's own work (ritchy: seek professional help). what could have easily been a gem instead becomes a contrived art-piece, food for pseudo intellectuals to debate on at sundayafternoon debating-clubs. spare your soul and stomach, avoid at all cost!

after seeing "driven" on a plane flight to america 3 years ago i truly believed i had seen the worst film ever created, and i could relax safe in the knowledge i would never have to suffer that much in front of a screen ever again. unfortunately as i found out last night this was not the case. revolver is so monstrously bad i am actually thinking about recommending friends to go and see it, just so i don't feel like i'm the only one stupid enough for being conned into watching this. its really quite amazing how much this film falls completely on its face with the constant, and i mean constant voice overs of the main characters, with totally inane pretentious nonsense! i was actually getting angry in the cinema listening to andre benjamin's utterly relentless droning for what seemed like half the film, whilst all the time thinking - what would turkish have done to this complete joke of gangster/con man, whatever he's supposed to be, when he made his "offer"? i'll tell you what. he would have told him to f**k off, blown his head away, and watch with utter disdain as his equally inept partner waddles away as fast as his chubby little legs would carry him. i mean what are we supposed to believe is going through jake's head when they offer him their "solution" to his problem? they're con men, therefore they must obviously also have the skill to cure incurable blood diseases! i mean ffs. doesn't he start to wonder why his symptoms aren't getting worse? doesn't the penny drop on the third day what is happening instead of richie subjecting the audience to a painfully patronising phone call from avi to jake to let him know he's been conned. anyway, i can add a small positive note to the film by moving on to the dry humour if provides, thankfully of a similar standard to his previous films. bulls**t! this film doesn't try anything as smart as redeeming itself through some well timed amusing lines, oh no. it somehow managed to be so disastrously unfunny i genuinely didn't hear so much as a titter from a completely packed cinema  and anyone who knows the ugc in sheffield knows how full a main screen can get, and not 1 person so much as smiled. maybe he never wanted the film to be funny, and fair enough you can still make good gangster films without comedy, but what was he planning on hanging this film on may i ask? the unnecessarily baffling plot!?? i sincerely hope not!by far the most satisfying moment i went through last night was hearing the very loud sighing coming from all directions of the audience as everyone desperately prayed for the film to end. it was also really quite amusing watching just how fast patrons were fighting and dashing for the exits after they realised it was over, and they were free from their torment!i'll round this off (i've got to finish, writing this is making me angry again) by elaborating on the "end". i mean sh**t! the ending.. no, sorry i can't, your just going to have to go and see it. it can't be put in words, it just can't, and after you've seen it you'll know why. uuhhhhh  shudders 

ritchie's first two films were snappy, stylish entertainment. here, he raids two recent classics  'the usual suspects' and 'fight club'  and still comes out empty-handed.despite parading itself as a con-mystery (with the sub-'usual suspects' twaddle "the greatest con he ever pulled was convincing you that he was you" or whatever it was...) and attempting a 'fight-club' twist about which characters are real and which are internal manifestations, the film struggles to maintain interest in its second half. by the last third, you know you're being lead down a blind alley, and tediously slowly at that.cons, chess and game theory are all great subjects, but ritchie delves into them too superficially and too repetitively to make much use of the material.the only thing that keeps the movie (almost) watchable is ritchie's bold way with with a scene and maurice-jones's dynamic camera. if ritchie stuck to a more satisfying plot, and succumbed to tighter editing, there's no reason why he couldn't have made another enjoyable gangster caper.as it is, revolver is a waste of your time. incomprehensibility does not equal profundity. if you want to see a great film that doesn't make logical sense but makes a virtue of it (and, incidentally, which also involves an inexplicable escape from solitary confinement) watch 'lost highway'.

look carefully at the wonderful assortment of talent put together to make this movie: connery, fishburne, capshaw, harris, underwood, beatty, thigpen, even cameos by slezak, lange, and plimpton. they prove, in spades, the adage that a good cast cannot save a bad script. the story line requires so many leaps of faith from the audience that its implausibility should have exceeded even hollywood standards. it's not particularly original, and the "twists" are downright cruel.

guy richie's third proper film (not counting the god-awful "swept away" is a complex action thriller concerned with gambling, gangsters and chess. fans of richie's previous efforts will probably hate revolver as much as i did, with its twists and turns. richie stalwart jason statham plays jake, a newly-released ex-con, out to wreak revenge on the ridiculously named dorothy macha (a superbly ott ray liotta) but instead gets embroiled with a couple of other cons, (one of which is andre 3000 from rap outfit outkast) who throw him and us the audience, a number of red herrings throughout the film, all of which becomes extremely tedious. the high point of this mess of a movie is the bit in the restaurant, where the dialogue gets turned down in favour of a superbly shot, slow-mo shootout set to beethoven's moonlight sonata. all in all, revolver is a flawed work, not truly awful but far from richie's best. that would still be lock, stock. if this film was a school homework assignment it would be graded 'must try harder!'

a childless couple (brooke adams, jeff hayenga) go to a doctor (james karen) to try to conceive. it works but adams slowly becomes aware that there's something seriously wrong with the baby...pretty interesting idea is thoroughly done in by a lousy script--the basic idea is ok but becomes screamingly predictable towards the end. i saw every "twist" coming. the direction is poor--he seems to have no idea how to shoot a basic scene. the production values are--to be nice--lousy. very shabby. and, the gore scenes are too unpleasant (i almost turned it off when a pregnant woman started stabbing herself in the stomach) with lousy special effects. the film completely derails at the end when it becomes quite clear they had no idea how to end this film.some good acting makes it somewhat bearable. adams, hayenga and karen are all good at their roles and kept me watching but that was about it. this film barely got released in 1991 and still remains unknown--it's easy to see why. i give it a 4.

this is a fair little show about the paranormal although it feels as if art bell and his ilk figured out how to carve a career out of the attitude that carl kolchak exemplified. of course there probably wouldn't be an x-files if this show hadn't prepped this audience for it so well. darren mcgavin is not exactly the super-heroic type but he is a plausible(enough) guy to deliver heroic deeds. check out his work on some of those old alfred hitchcock presents. here he is the main attraction, there doesn't seem to be a girlfriend or wife who's a distraction. in fact there isn't a whole lot of sex appeal to the show. something i'm noticing as well is that the pacing isn't really suspenseful in a typical way. there's a lot of throwaway humor to this show. sometimes its just pokey to get to the climax. there's a thread from this show coming all the way up to the present mad men show in terms of style. not that david chase writes mad men but the people that worked under him on the sopranos definitely have emulated and inherited his serio-comic tone.

no laughs whatsoever. yes, i watched this entire train wreck but only so that i wouldn't later wonder if cleese had come to his senses in the latter part. (no, he had not.) this may be historically interesting to you youngsters out there, to see that british "humor" included black "jokes" like these, thirty years ago. what amazes me even more though, is to read the other reviewers' comments, which acknowledge this isn't very good, yet then turn around and give it high votes. if the vast majority of the comedies that you have seen are even much worse than this one, then i certainly pity your torturous existences. the humor level of this show appears aimed at little kids, yet the subject matter does not. so who is this for? people who enjoy repeated & drawn-out double-takes, pratfalls, drug jokes (interesting only as a short trip back to '77), and other "low" humor. the three stooges are still funny, and were to me as a kid, too. they exerted some effort in making jokes work. this however is sloughed off schlock. i fear that it is the end of civilization, if this stuff really is accepted as worthwhile. next you'll be telling me that tabloid tv is popular. :(

i was expecting a very funny movie. instead, i got a movie with a few funny jokes, and many that just didn't work. i didn't like the idea of bringing in sherlock holmes' and moriarty's descendants. it was confusing. it would have been more funny if they just had someone new, instead of moriarty resurrected. some of the things were funny. burt kwouk was very funny, as always. mccloud on the horse was funny. the mcgarrett from hawaii 5-0 was not even mcgarrett-like. connie booth obviously is very good with accents. she is from indiana, but played english and a new yorker pretty well. unfortunately, she was not presented much into the script. i was expecting a more funny film. instead, i got a rather confusing movie with a poor script. rather ironic, since both booth and cleese were together on this one. maybe they were about to break up in 77.

i viewed this movie in dvd format. my copy may have been affected but i was disappointed with the lack of menu screen for the dvd. i will say that my initial reason for viewing this movie was claire forlani. while fun to watch, i feel she didn't live up to my expectations that i have so far found from her other films. i actually was equally pleased to see arkin turn in a humorous performance. the other two actors i wasn't very familiar with so i can't compare their performance, however they were fairly enjoyable also. the acting is the only endearing quality of this movie in my opinion. the story line, while some could say slightly compelling, lacked direction. i feel that the main problem stems from the script and not the direction of this film. if you enjoy any of these actors to a fair extent then i recommend this film, but otherwise leave it alone.

i like chris rock, but i feel he is wasted in this film. the idea of remaking heaven can wait is fine, but the filmmakers followed the plot of that turkey too closely. when eddie murphy remade dr. doolittle and the nutty professor, he re-did them totally -- so they became murphy films/vehicles, not just tepid remakes. that's why they were successful. if chris had done the same, this could have been a much better film. the few laughs that come are when he is doing his standup routine -- so he might as well have done a concert film. it also would have been much funnier if the white man whose body he inhabits was a truck driver or hillbilly. so why does hollywood keep making junk like this? because people go to see it -- because they like chris rock. so give chris a decent script and give us better movies! don't remake films that weren't that good in the first place!

i figured the whole joke of the movie would be to see some rich white guy acting like chris rock, and then see chris rock react to people's reactions. instead you just see chris rock being himself and people not understanding him. there are maybe 2 scenes in the entire movie where they use their gimmick. this should have been a lot better.

this is probably the worst movie i have ever seen, (yes it's even worse than dungeons and dragons and any film starring kevin costner.)chris rock looked very uncomfortable throughout this whole film, and his supporting actors didn't even look like they were trying to act. chris rock is a wonderful stand-up comedian, but he just can't transfer his talent to this film, which probably only has two strained laughs in the whole picture.if you haven't watched this film yet, avoid it like the plague. go do something constructive and more interesting like watching the weather channel or watching paint dry on a brick wall.for chris' efforts i give it a 2/10!

down to earth is about lance barton, a black comedian who gets hit by a truck. he goes to heaven and he gets to get another body. lance gets the body of charles wellington, a white guy. so lance does a few things in the body of charles. the movie has a few laughs, but it's nothing special. it's a good movie if you're a fan of chris rock. madagascar, the 2005 animated comedy, is better. this is a good movie, but chris rock has done way better things than this. it will only make you laugh about 4 times the whole movie. and it's not really laugh-out-loud funny. you'll laugh to yourself and you might giggle, but you definitely won't be rolling on the floor laughing.

first off, i would like to say that i am a fan of chris rock. i like his other movies, but this movie is just like my summary. the biggest sack of crap ever. in the beginning, chris rock plays an aspiring comedian who get stage fright at a comedy building called the apollo. on his way home from a gig, while riding his bike he sees this woman he likes and is hit by a truck. a little while later, he chooses the body of an old, white, and selfish millionaire. then, he dresses up like the music group outkast while trying to replay the scene from the original where he comes out as a jockey. second, he goes back to the apollo, and tries to be the comedian he tried to be in his previous body and starts dissing the white population and tries to be black. do you get my drift? this movie is awful it tries too hard to be like the original and in the process comes out looking like a sack of crap. just take my advice, don't even watch this movie.

the king is dead long live the king! the triad of caddie shack two, the family underneath the stairs, and troop beverly hills had been tied for worst movie ever for so long that they seemed icons in their own right. but there is a new king.....yep.....all hail the new king...."down to earth". but some things, like tiny tim for example, are so bad they are good. some day this could take out the inimitable "rocky horror picture show" as a cult film. so go see this ....this....well just take my word for it. go see it. all hail the new king!

i had not seen the movie trailer when i went to see the movie, instead i based my judgments on a friend's opinions. now i like chris rock and his comedy, but this movie just falls flat on its face.during the movie rock delivers a couple of funny jokes, but unfortunately the movie is sorely lacking in comedy. the movie seems want to integrate both laughter and love into one, and it that endeavor it fails. the love story in the movie is straight forward (luckily), but it detracts too much from the movie by making rock serious and bland. after all, the movie is first and foremost destined to be a comedy, where laughter should be the primary concern. not much of that in the movie.the plot is also pretty uninteresting as a whole. some parts were discontinuous altogether. if the supporting cast were meant to be funny, they certainly didn't do a good job. the couple of angels from heaven tried to make a couple of jokes, which were dry and dull. rock's first incarnation's couple of underlings were also bland. if there's one thing they did do right, though, they made rock seem funnier by comparison.

when i first heard about "down to earth," i was pretty excited. i'm a pretty big fan a chris rock, he was especially hilarious in dogma. but this film proved to be a disappointment. chris rock's performance was not nearly as good as his past performances, and the movie was just very badly directed as a whole.first off, chris rock. he plays the entire movie as a standup comedy routine. obviously, this works fine in the scenes where he's supposed to be doing standup, but in the rest of the movie, it doesn't. even when he's talking to one other character, he seems to think he's trying to make a roomful of people laugh. he has a few funny moments, but they mostly come during the standup scenes (no wonder they decided to make his character a comedian). as for the rest of the cast, they're pretty much there just to give rock someone to talk to, none of them stand out.also, the movie was poorly directed. the movie has basically a one-joke plot: old white guy acting like a young black comedian. while i prefer movies with more than one joke, this still could have worked, and been quite funny. the problem was, we saw too much of rock and not enough of the old white guy. it's supposed to be funny because it's this white guy telling chris rock's jokes, but for most of the time, we just see chris rock, so it's not nearly as funny. the few scenes where they decide to show us the white guy talking like rock are, in fact, hilarious. if he had been shown more, the movie would have been a lot funnier.overall, a few moments of laughter can't make up for the fact that "down to earth" is poorly acted, and poorly directed. this one was a pretty big disappointment.rating: 4/10

down to earth / (2001) * (out of four)by blake french:"down to earth" is such a mislead and desperate comedy it makes sitting home on the couch watching a chris rock standup-comedy act on tv look like heaven. speaking of heaven, the film is based on the 1978 movie "heaven can wait." that was a good movie, and this is good-to demonstrate how a group of aspiring screenwriters can take decent material and turn it into garbage. directors chris and paul weitz miss nearly every target. from concept to storytelling, "down to earth" fails miserably; this is one incredibly bad production.chris rock is a lousy standup comedian, both in his role in this movie and in the real life. he plays lance barton, whose manager, (frankie faison) even feels sorry for him when he is booed off stage during amateur night at a local theatre. soon after the script establishes his lack of talent, the character is killed by a speeding truck. death, played by eugene levy, has made a mistake, taking lance before his number was up. god's assistant (chazz palminteri) is very angry and decides to let lance make up the remainder of his time on earth, as long as he takes the only available body of a 60 year old white millionaire.the old man's name is mr. wellington, whose life has problems of its own. his wife (jennifer coolidge) is having an affair with his assistant (greg germann), who is robbing him of his money. but that's all right because lance, inside mr. wellington, has fallen in love with a young black woman named sontee (regina king.) meanwhile, there are plots to kill wellington, lance attempting to get a better body, and sontee's confused feelings dealing with a hospital situation involving mr. wellington's finances."down to earth" has some good ideas, but they are in a pointless and unconvincing love story filled with contrivances and recycled material. the biggest problem it runs into is how we perceive lance as mr. wellington. chris rock is the actor with popularity and publicity, so he is not going to be absent from most of this movie; all of the characters see the new lance as mr. wellington, but we see him as chris rock. this is convenient for the love story; we believe a young woman would fall for lance, but in reality, he is actually an old, gray-haired geezer. that is not so convincing.the one-joke comic situation is supposed to be watching an old man doing funny things that are really done by a young black man. but what inspires laughter is when characters run into conflicts without their knowledge. just look at "there's something about mary." in the funny scenes the characters are exposed to awkward experiences, and not at their will. here, lance knows he is in an old man's body, and does things old men would not normally do. if lance did not know the body he was in then that may have had potential.another problem with the concept: we never knew mr. wellington in the first place, so how can we compare lance in his body when we do not know what he was like originally. to top everything off, chris rock needs to be the center of attention here, and makes the character too much like rock. he recites simple standup routine jokes that are tedious and painful; his dialogue is so obvious, wooden and straightforward. i hated the film's sense of humor. there are so many unfunny jokes and horrible comic situations. it is like watching chris rock being chris rock, not a character in a movie.let's emphasize the positives in "down to earth." mark addy does not do any worse here than he did in "the flintstones in viva rock vegas." eugene levy and chazz palmentari are well cast, but they are at the mercy of a scalped script. those are all the good qualities i can mention at this time, and if you give me another week to recollect, it is not likely that i will come up with any more.

jared diamond made a point in the first episode that other peoples of the world didn't have animals to domesticate but europeans did, and that accounts for why we were able to make steel and invent complex machines.but then in the third episode he says that when the europeans in south africa got too far north they ran into zulu people and other tribes that *herded cattle and planted crops*. so what explains their lack of technological, economic, and artistic achievement if they had the key things the author claims are needed for success?diamond also claims germs in the form of smallpox (brought to north america by black slaves) were our biggest weapon. well, if 150 europeans can defeat 20,000 native warriors and 400 non-military south africans can defeat 10,000 zulus *without a single casualty* in either case, then i think you have to conclude that germs are irrelevant. with or without germs, we were going to succeed.he says malaria stopped europeans from colonizing further north, killing "thousands" of europeans while not affecting africans. (i'd like to know real numbers but he doesn't say.) then at the end he says today malaria is killing thousands of africans and that is why they can't catch up with us. so which is it, jared? did malaria help the africans by halting eurpeans or hurt them? and how come europe did okay despite massive plagues throughout our history? he also seems far too eager to say that the reasons europeans succeeded was because of dumb luck. at times when the evidence threatens to overwhelm his rickety theories he's reluctant to admit that maybe europeans were successful because they worked for it. it's sad watch this obvious neo-marxist contort reality to try to prove his point.

this film is an attempt to present jared diamonds theory of "guns, germs and steel", explaining how europeans have dominated much of the globe.the version i saw of this documentary came on 2 discs covering 3 hours. i think the information could have been presented in 20 minutes. there are completely useless scenes of: professor jared diamond watching birds through binoculars, professor jared diamond failing to use a bow and arrow properly, professor jared diamond firing a muzzle-loader badly. was this documentary supposed to make a hero out of "professor jared diamond?". this part of the documentary was so bad, it could have been a spoof. the worst was when diamond is shown breaking down and weeping when touring the malaria ward in an african hospital. none of this helps me understand his theory of "guns, germs and steel." btw, "guns, germs and steel" is said about 100 times. "can the europeans guns, germs and steel get them out of this dire situation? stay tuned and find out!" when he finally gets down to business, his theory is equal parts interesting and utterly boring. europeans conquered the natives peoples of other lands, because they had guns and fine blades against stone and wooden weapons. do i really need a professor to convince me of this? the parts of his theory that explain how the europeans came to have the advantages that allow the conquest are interesting, but the coverage is paper-thin.in the end, i think the documentary was only trying to convince me that non-europeans are as capable as europeans. if i'm not a racist, i already know this. if i'm a racist, jared diamond is not going to convince me with his bumbling use of native implements.i don't think adults are the intended audience for this documentary. kids may enjoy this more than i, though. i have read that the book from which this documentary is much better than the documentary.

first of all; it's very dilettantish to try describe way of history only from positions of guns, germs and steel. the same tried to do marxists from economical positions.the reason of western success can't be just dumb luck, the advantages of domesticated plants and animals. we see, that all around the world any advantages and bonuses are complete useless if they aren't wisely managed. in the japan there isn't huge natural resources, but japan is one of the top world economies, the same situation in singapore, but in nigeria, country with rich oil resources, there are only middle-low success. both of this nations had and still have access to western technology and inventions, but why such gap? in the end of movie daimond declared, that it's very important to understand factors of guns, germs and steel, to understand. maybe the main factor of world's difference is not geography, but people ability to understand and use things? the mental ability to understand. and in this case geography is only subordinated.

terry west had a good idea w\ this movie. he just didn't flesh it thru. there are endless shots of the creepy looking school's exteriors that go on forever and probably to pad the film's running time. also at this school there are only 2 students. misty mundae is good as usual but this film will always belong to ruby larocca (which is the only reason to watch the film in the beginning). if the script centered on her interesting character we'd have a movie to watch. she is so gorgeous!! good news for dvd buyers, terry west's earlier (and better) film "blood for the muse" is a special feature. one thing i'd like to say is that this movie feels like someone who's not good at delivering the punch line at the end of a long joke for the ending feels that very same way. then again, just watch this for ruby larocca.

some films are so bad that they're good. this is clearly not one of them. based on a true story, this film was about as true to the story as pinocchio's chances of becoming a real boy. the acting was terrible, the direction was poor, and it travelled way too fast. it was as if the director just wanted to get it over and done with and go home.nor did melissa joan hart ever strike me as a talented actress, but then every film she made was pretty low-budget anyway. like most of her other films, she lets down her characters by hamming them up too much, talking too quickly as if speeding up her words is going to make her more dramatic. she really brings out the sense that there is a crew in front of her and she's talking to a camera, when she should be engaging the viewer in her character. it pretty much lets down the whole film, and any leg that it may have had left to stand on, is ruined.probably the only good thing about the film is when she got nailed in the end. but even that wasn't satisfying enough to subdue my loathing for such a bad film.watch it if your taste in film is blander than a piece of dry toast.

i'd heard about this movie a while ago from a friend and she recently got it on dvd. there was a lot of anticipation and excitement as we'd both heard that this was a terrifying film, really scary. how disappointed was i?? very!!!! apart from that one scene (we all know which bit) nothing happened!!! i was expecting to see the woman in black a few times and for her to do a few more jumpy scenes, like appear at the window or walk across the hall or something.nearly all the reviews here say what a scary, gripping, atmospheric movie this is. i just didn't see it i'm afraid. maybe there's a difference in what people find scary in the us to here in britain.a big let down after all the hyped reviews :(

roeg has done some great movies, but this a turkey. it has a feel of a play written by an untalented high-school student for his class assignment. the set decoration is appealing in a somewhat surrealistic way, but the actual story is insufferable hokum.

our teacher showed us this movie in first grade. i haven't seen it since. i just watched the trailer though. does this look like a first grade movie to you? i don't think so. i was so horrified by this movie, i could barely watch it. it was mainly the scene with shirley mcclain cutting that little girl in half, and then there was the boy with ketchup! i was freaked out by this film. now today, being 20, i probably would not feel that way. i just wanted to share my experience and opinion that maybe small children shouldn't see this movie, even though it's pg. be aware of the possible outcomes of showing this to kids. i don't even remember what it was about, once was enough!

in the days before gore and sex took over, real horror films were made. castle of blood is, in my estimation, one of the finest, although other reviewers have given it mixed ratings. in an odd sort of way it reminds of the more recent the others, which was in the theaters a couple of years ago.director antonio margheriti remade his own picture in 1970 titling it this time web of the spider (aka nella stretta morsa del ragno). why he did this i do not understand, although the remake starred anthony franciosa and klaus kinski and was very good in its own right. perhaps he saw a good story and wished to tailor it more to american audiences. i do not really know. it is interesting that he did the original in black and white and the remake in color.castle of blood is excellent italian gothic. la danza macabra is said to be an unpublished work of edgar allen poe, who "appears" in this film. poe and lord blackwood, owner of a haunted castle, bet american writer alan foster (george riviere) that he cannot spend all souls night in said castle and survive. foster eagerly accepts the bet but soon regrets it, for he is witness to a series of murders committed by ghosts. it seems that the ghosts come back to life once every few years but are doomed to re-enact the crimes they committed in life. lord blackwood conveniently forgot to tell foster that his blood is needed for them to resurrect themselves on the next all souls night! it does not take foster and the beautiful elisabeth blackwood (portrayed by the incomparable barbara steele) long to fall in love, even though their romance is doomed, because elisabeth is one of the ghosts. i will not give the ending away, but will just say that castle of blood is every bit a romantic tragedy as it is a horror story. comments. this film is greatly atmospheric, even by the excellent standards of the italians. my personal opinion is they do true horror better than anybody, and the somewhat dim black and white filming only enhances this. in fairness, web of the spider was fine in its own right, even with color and greater brightness. i loved the lingering shots, something most modern day directors do not have the patience for. indeed, when alan first enters the doomed castle, we are treated to several minutes of him doing nothing but roaming around from room to room, the dread ands unease building in his face and mannerisms. by the time the first ghost appears, the audience is thoroughly primed and ready. there is wonderful dialogue between alan and the ghosts, something else not often done in standard ghost stories. there are also memorable scenes, very visual for this type of film. elisabeth's "murder" and the dance scene (reminds somewhat of the similar dance of the ghouls in 1962's carnival of souls) were particularly good.sadly, few general interest viewers will ever hear of, much less see, this film. that is a shame, for this one is a cut above the rest. i got my copy from sinister cinema and am not certain if it can be purchased anywhere else. for persons interested in this genre, it is a must see.

first of all, i would just like to say to everyone who has seen this movie, that the actor who played the "transvestite" is one of my friends, his name is robert dugdale, he's a terrific actor, although it doesn't say much about his filmography, he's been in several plays and musicals. he is currently residing in terrace b.c. that is where i am from, he comes over to our house almost every saturday *laughs* okay, now about the movie, i wouldn't recomend this to anyone who hasn't seen it, for it is not a movie worth watching, the main reason i found it to be a bad movie is it never stays in place, it keeps bouncing back between time, so kinda hard to follow at some points, and second, its really boring *laughs* although the acting is great, the movie just doesn't compare.

although bette davis did a wonderful job as mildred, i felt that the film wasn't the best i had seen. at the end of the movie i was left feeling like there was something missing in it.bette davis did a perfect job, though, and she made me hate her and pity her all the while. leslie howard did very good as the lovelorn philip carey, and i so pitied him throughout the movie for being in love with such a horrible dame. it's such a sad thing when one finds him/herself in love with a bad seed. and especially if it's someone like philp carey, who is a sensitive person, though pathetic.in the end, the acting was what came through and not the plot. the ending scene was particularly good, but i am not one to give it away. although others may find this movie good, i was one who found it so-so. i should recommend this movie to those who like a bad seed so they can see what may happen to them if they find themselves in love with that horrible person.

w. somerset maugham's of human bondage is supposed to be a english language classic. if so, much must have been missing from the film version here. phillip's (leslie howard) attraction to mildred (bette davis) is so utterly inexplicable as to make the scenario seem like the post-breakup retelling of a relationship from the man's point of view. being a family lawyer i've heard many such accounts; the man depicts himself as noble and always correct, and the woman is a hellion who has had no other objective than to exploit the man.indeed, unless one is willing to laugh at the social assumptions of the film maker, this is an uncomfortable movie to watch. phillip even indulges mildred when she brings over a baby of indeterminate paternity, but the real high point comes when phillip allows mildred - enraged and now of dubious sanity - the free run of his flat, with predictable results. bette davis was attractive for about five years of her life, but that period didn't occur here. in fact, by the end of the movie she looks a lot like the baby jane character she would play thirty years later.i note how howard's character is always impeccably dressed and groomed. it tells me that phillip craves middle class respectability. someone like that could not run from a woman with a course cockney accent fast enough. phillip is, for most of the movie, a student; such a person would have been more believable if he had been younger, and had the disheveled looks that bespeak the low income and the low self esteem that often accompanies student status - an english raskolnikov, as it will. and balanced that by allowing mildred a modicum of charm.

there's a lot the matter with helen and none of it's good. shelley winters and debbie reynolds play mothers of a pair of leopold & loeb like killers who move from the mid-west to hollywood to escape their past. reynolds, a starstruck jean harlow wannabe, opens a dance studio for children and winters is her piano player. soon winters (as helen) begins to crack up. it's all very slow going and although there are moments of real creepiness (nasty phone calls, a visit from wino timothy carey), the movie is devoid of any real horror. nevertheless, it's still worthy entertainment. the acting divas are fine and the production values are terrific. a music score by david raskin, cinematography by lucien ballard and oscar-nominated costumes contribute mightily. with this, a place in the sun and lolita to her credit, does anyone do crazy as well as winters? directed by curtis harrington, a master at this type of not quite a-movie exploitation. in addition to carey, the oddball supporting cast includes dennis weaver, agnes moorehead (as a very aimee semple mcpherson like evangelist), yvette vickers and micheál macliammóir (the irish orson welles) as hamilton starr, aptly nicknamed hammy.

the film is almost laughable with debbie reynolds and shelley winters teaming up as the mothers of convicted murderers. with the horrible notoriety after the trial, the two women team up and leave n.y. for california in order to open and song and dance studio for shirley temple-like girls.from the beginning, it becomes apparent that reynolds has made a mistake in taking winters with her to california. winters plays a deeply religious woman who increasingly seems to be going off her rocker. to make matters worse, the women who live together, are receiving menacing phone calls. reynolds, who puts on a blond wig, is soon romanced by the wealthy father of one of her students, nicely played by dennis weaver.agnes moorehead, in one of her last films, briefly is seen as sister alma, who winters is a faithful listener of.the film really belongs to shelley winters. she is heavy here and heaviness seemed to make her acting even better. winters always did well in roles testing her nerves.the ending is of the macabre and who can forget winters at the piano banging away with that totally insane look?

debbie reynolds toe-taps, tangos and, yes, tap-dances her way through this ordinary thriller which has a distinctly fabricated '30s atmosphere. two ladies, brought together when their sons commit a murder, try starting their lives over by running a tap-dance school for tots in hollywood. trouble is, one of them is plagued by neuroses. can you imagine this thing 10 years earlier with robert aldrich directing bette davis and joan crawford...? nahh, bette never would have allowed joan so much screen-time to strut her stuff, and i can't imagine bette davis in the other role, tap-dancing her heart out. this is a purely bogus piece of macabre, written by a slumming henry farrell (whose idea of a good "shock" is to stage the mass-murder of a group of rabbits!). not an ounce of honest fun in the whole tepid package. *1/2 from ****

i saw this film at sxsw with the director in attendance. quite a few people walked out, and the audience could barely muster even polite applause at the end. of the 60 or 70 films i've seen at this festival, frownland is among the worst.at 106 minutes, it is at least 95 minutes too long. you get to watch the main character's failed and drawn out attempts to communicate, in extended real time. the same grimaces, hand over mouth motions, kinetic and frantically repeated words and syllables over and over and over again - we get the point.one site actually compares this work to early mike leigh. what drugs would you have to be on to make that statement? given that frownland is a captain beefheart song, maybe you'd have to be able to enjoy trout mask replica on heavy rotation to appreciate this film. unbelievably, this won a jury award at the festival. you can bet it did not win an audience award.

i never thought i see a movie worse than "lisa picard is famous", but this came pretty close. as repeated often throughout the comments, it was predictable; five minutes into the movie you know it will be a stranded at the alter outcome. this movie painfully references/rips off everything from "something about mary" to "revenge of the pink panther". writer greg glienna (meet the parents) needs some new material.the only twist is the deranged boyfriend/police officer pursued by internal affairs, but even that opportunity is wasted. lots of setting shots of the seattle space needle necessary to disguise the obvious canadian shooting locale. some of the worst driving in the car scenes with almost no effort to disguise the fact that the car is being pulled through town on a trailer. geez, at least turn the wheel or put the brakes on once in a while. selma blair is inert and the short haircut a crime. $3m to jason lee, for what? guess it beats skateboarding!so here's who should see this movie: bee gees fans who want to hear two actors sing 'islands in the stream' badly; people who can't get enough of julia stiles. 1/10

this was one of the most boring movies i've ever seen i don't really know why just your run-of-the-mill stories about guy who is about to get married, and starts to fancy someone else instead. story has been told a thousand times. nothing new or innovative about it at all.i don't really know what was wrong with this film. most of the time when these kinds of actors/actresses get together to make a film that have already been made a million times before, it's really entertaining. there are usually little clever thing in them that aren't really in any other. for some reason, this one just doesn't hold your attention. you can pick out some funny parts, or clever ideas in it, but for some reason they're just not funny, nor clever in any way i wish i new how to explain it, but i don't just don't waste your time on this one

i think jason lee has huge potential, but this was the wrong vehicle in which to attempt to break out as a star. the plot is awful, the comedy is awful. i laughed twice, i think for relief, because in retrospect, they were fairly lame jokes. i found myself scared for the future of fletch, and had to console myself that it was the film that was flawed, not lee.julia stiles and selma blair are hot, but i recommend looking at the still photos on this website to figure that out, instead of this film. save your time. 1 star.

julia stiles is a talented young actress, who with guidance from a reputable agent has a lot of potential. obviously, the person who guided her into this travesty is not someone who cares anything about her career. i sat in the theater surrounded by teenagers who left in droves to find another movie to sneak into wondering who thought this movie would appeal to anyone. it was poorly written, the casting director could only have put 1 or 2 minutes of effort into the characters and the director obviously didn't care.

the only redemption was the small part by larry miller. it seemed that the movie was trying too hard to be "something about mary," but i didn't even like that movie and it still fell short of those standards. the actor who plays paul was great, but selma blair is stuck in the stupidity of her cruel intentions character. james brolin was great, but paul's father seemed like he was trying too hard to be the randy quaid character from the national lampoon's vacation movies.

"a guy thing" tries to capture the feeling of "there's something about mary" or "meet the parents" but comes off more like it was edited up out of cutting-room rejects of those two films. thankfully i rented it on a 5-day rental because i couldn't sit and watch more than 20 minutes at a time.the premise is decent and i liked the scenes where other guys automatically cover up for paul's missteps (the checker at the save-mart was great) but the script-writing is absolutely horrible. the dialog falls flat most of the time and just when you think that things are finally going to get on track some needless sight-gag is stuck in for no good reason. plus how many toilet jokes does one movie really need?don't get me wrong, slapstick humor is great when it's smartly done as in the other films i mentioned, but this movie simply misses the mark. too bad as i love julia stiles (ten things i hate about you was great) but even that couldn't help me sit through this terrible movie. save your dollars and go rent "there's something about mary" one more time.

i had hoped this movie was going to be mildly entertaining, like other sorts of its genre. however, it was lame and i didn't find myself laughing very much. watch it on hbo, maybe, or if you've got a free rental to waste and you need a movie to pass the time. but i don't recommend paying to see it.the plot is simple and straightforward, and it could have been funny, maybe, if the script was better. jason lee can be hilarious, and he gets a few laughs here and there, but the movie falls flat. just don't go see this one. the directing is lackluster, but for what it is, directing isn't that important. i guess its main drawback is that it is just not very funny. see something else, don't waste your time here.

what a terrible, terrible, film! one of the worst movies i have seen in my life. i usually love movies like this, the whole "a guy meets an eccentric woman who he likes, but he happens to already be involved with someone, who not right for him....". i expected something predictable and i didn't mind. the movies are always entertaining mixing the right amount of romance with comedy, but not this one! every single joke falls flat and the "romance" makes me want to vomit. the title character is one of the most "please kill me" characters that i have ever witnessed on my television, the "eccentric woman" isn't very eccentric, more like quirky and annoying. the "other someone" is the most reasonable, mature person in this film but also happens to be just as annoying. this films flat out sucks, there's no way around it, don't waste your time.

jason lee does his best to bring fun to a silly situation, but the movie just fails to make a connect. perhaps because julia stiles character seems awkward as the conniving and sexy soon to be cousin-in-law. maybe it is because she and selma blair's characters should have been cast the opposite way. (selma blair seems more conniving than julia would be).either way this movie is yet another hollywood trivialization of a possibly real world situation (that being getting caught with your pants out at your bachelor party not stooping your cousin), which while having promise fails to deliver.there are some laughs to be sure and the cast (even if miscast) do their best with sub grade material which doesn't transcend its raunchy topic. so instead of getting a successful raunch fest (ie animal house or american pie) we are left with a middle ground of part humor and part stupidity (ala meatballs 2 or something).

i'm not a big fan of rom/coms at the best of times. a few have been quite good (check of dream for an insomniac), but this one is just more of the same but less.with a running time of 100min, i expect more than 1 laugh every 30mins. the only real belly laugh are when male strangers and friends instinctively help out lee's character.all i can say is avoid. i guarantee there is at least 10 other movies on the shelf that deserve you $$3 of out 10 (and only cos i'm a big lee fan)

i'm a big fan of camp, but when every plot 'twist' is predictable and bad, while obviously not trying to be, even i lose interest. i was going to rate this a 3, but the ending dropped it a point easily. its only saving grace is that i hated other movies more. not enough beer in the world for this one.

complete waste of time.... this movie is not comedy, it's not drama, it's not romance...not even teenage comedy at least!!! story... it should be some turn-over one end... but it's so disappointing! when movie has a turn-over on end i expect that turn-over to make movie even better (exp. "fight club") but this turn-over makes movie even worse.... when i watch teenage comedy, and i don't do that very often, i expect lousy jokes and bunch of nudeness... jokes are too lousy and there is no nudity... you got only one....very good looking i must admit... girl, and that's that! and she's fully dressed whole movie! acting is bad... like soap series... don't waste your time! there are porns with better story and acting!(sorry on my bad english)

i was eager to see "mr. fix it" because i'm a huge david boreanaz fan. what i got, though, was a 1-1/2 hour nap. the premise seemed enjoyable: boreanaz is lance valenteen, proprietor of a business called "mr. fix it", where dumped men enlist his help to get their girlfriends to take them back.among the problems with this movie are the editing, script, and acting. although i've found boreanaz delightful in his other film roles (with the exception of that "crow" movie he did), this was disappointing. at times, his character was interesting and others, flat. the supporting cast reminded me of soap opera day players. i realize it wasn't a big-budget film, but some of the scene cuts and music just didn't seem right.my advice: watch at your own risk.

well, this movie started out funny but quickly deteriorated. i thought it would be more 'adult oriented' humor based on the first few moments but then the movie switched into a bad made-for-disney channel type mode, especially a go-kart racing scene that was incredibly long. alana de la garza is gorgeous but has a really fake italian accent. the movie looked and sounded very independent and low budget. there was one very cute moment which i'll just call the serenading scene but overall this one was a yawner. the laughs are very few and far between. the end surprise for "mr. fix it" is so ridiculous it left me more mad than anything else. might be worth a look if you can catch it for free or tv but don't waste your money buying or renting this movie.

i gave it a 2 just because natassia malthe (as the vampiress quintana) looks sooooo sexy in this movie.certainly there is very little logic to this movie, but so are most of the sci-fi vampire flicks. the movie probably tried too much to break away from the traditional vampire stories. unfortunately, it went too far and made the whole story not just unreasonable, but ridiculous.there is too much gore and too many rip-off-the-body scenes that made me feel sick. a good vampire movie should be more sensible that you don't need to see a lot of blood -- we all know when a vampire jumps on a human he/she is going to do what a vampire will do. a few moans or screams are all it needs to describe the scene (like the one at end when quintana tries to sexually arouse rosa, all it needs is a few moans, the rest is your imagination). anyway, it's just my personal taste.

this is just flat out unwatchable. if there's a story in here somewhere, it's so deeply buried beneath the horrid characters and jarring camera work that's it's indiscernible. there's a group of vampire hunters who go around doing their thing, and the vampires they kill have little aliens inside of them. they pop their heads out and talk like speedy gonzales. if you can imagine a blood and gore covered alien sock puppet screaming in horror as a cowboy dude zaps it with a cattle prod, well, that's what you get here. these folks are loud, obnoxious, violent, and just extremely annoying. then there are some anti-human humans, who stand around in their cgi spaceship being so incredibly pompous that it's impossible to take. these folks make hillary clinton seem like a right-wing extremist in comparison. they're friends with some vampires, or something...who cares.then there's the camera work. remember how everybody hated the thousand-cuts-a-minute crap from the recent rolleball remake? the folks who made this movie love that stuff. there's enough of it in here for three really crappy nu-metal videos on mtv.nuff said. this thing smells. in comparison, dracula 3000 is a masterwork.

i'd passed this title 15 or 20 times while in blockbuster, looking for something halfway decent to watch. all i can say is that they were all out halfway decent films the night i chose to rent this.i will give it credit for being leaps and bounds better than "dracula 3000", but in actuality that's pretty easy to say since this one didn't have caper van dien in it. the other things it lacked in spades were: an interesting cast, interesting story, good dialog and originality, but i suppose you can't have everything.***spoilers ahead*** the misfit crew of vampire hunters (one of which was a vampire... go figure) flew around from mining colony to mining colony trying to wipe out all the vampires it could find. the crew consists of: the cocky, ne'er-do-well captain (who dies early on), his by-the-book, yet inexperienced first mate, the aforementioned vampire vampire hunter (not a typo), a wannabe cowboy and a really, really butch asian commando, "tough guy" female... it almost sounds like the cast for mtv's 'the real world'. after the captain dies in a violent confrontation with a mob of bloodsuckers (and as it turns out, lovers of the finer parts of human anatomy) his first mate takes over... blah, blah, blah... everyone hates him... blah, blah, blah... i could go on, but as i said it's the same storyline used in about a hundred other 'films' of the genre.the effects were cheese and why michael ironside was in this movie is beyond me. the vampire vampire hunter (still not a typo) was pretty hot, but of course if you're waiting for her to expose more than just her cleavage, look elsewhere.i can't say that it was the worst film i've seen, as i actually rented 'starship troopers 2', but wait for this one to come on the sci-fi channel.

a film written and directed by neil young, "greendale" is little more than an 87-minute music video set to a doxen or so of the songwriter's works. in lieu of dialogue, the film relies exclusively on young's lyrics, which are heavily laced with sociopolitical commentary, to tell the "story" while actors act out the scenes.given the hammy performances and the shoddy graininess of the picture, the effect is the equivalent of young blowing up some of his own home movies and releasing them for public consumption. although there is allegedly a "story" running through the film, we really have no idea what is going on thanks mainly to the unpolished look of the film, the lack of dialogue and the amateurish ineptitude of the acting. all we get for eighty-seven minutes is a bunch of aging hippies cavorting silently through an incoherent narrative while young's songs play endlessly on the soundtrack. the whole thing turns into a tedious exercise in self-indulgence. "greendale" gives off-hollywood, low budget movie-making a bad name.

i'm a big mark for the music of neil young, and with that and the glowing praise the film received in many alt-indie press circles, hit the first showing of greendale i could find. my excitement was short-lived, as this turgid storyline and weak lyrical momentum left most filmgoers either asleep or disappointed.neil says the film started as a soundtrack, and the characters came to life so much that they just filmed the soundtrack. not the best way to craft a story. no character really has an arc, and when "significant" events do happen, the viewer doesn't cared, because film technique annoyance levels are so high by that point. the film is all song, and to that end, the characters on end mouth the lyrics as they're sung...the technique works for the first stanza it is done, and is grating on the nerves after that. it doesn't feel real or fake, it just feels unwelcome.terrible acting, with characters finding one mood and playing all of it. poor lighting at times. the only kudos i can give the film are in regard to several scenes shot as newscast, but the technique is so used in cinema today that this film did little to further it. an alright soundtrack, but nothing i'm quick to buy. a bad film.

i had the distinct misfortune of catching up on two of 2004's worst films back to back this morning: first, the incoherent cgi-driven emptiness of the chronicles of riddick, and then, the embarrassing vanity project known as greendale. one cost multimillions and the other cost pennies, but they're both bad. really, really bad. up front i should state i'm not the world's biggest neil young fan, but he has contributed his share of classic tunes: from buffalo springfield (whose best recordings were young compositions) to rust never sleeps, harvest, and mirror ball, the man has penned some really great songs. sadly, there are no great songs in greendale, and precious few good ones, and the film around which they are built is truly cringeworthy and simplistic political sloganeering. completely without merit as art and unimpressive as polemic, greendale is best left forgotten. buy the book if you feel compelled to contribute to young's bank account.

i saw this movie a few months ago in the town which appeared as greendale in the movie, which is the only reason i went to see it. another local who was there just forwarded to me an email announcement of a repeat showing because the first had sold out and people were turned away. his editorial comment in his forward is a good summary:"yuk."unless you're a neil young fan or live in/near "greendale" (if the latter you know the real name), skip this movie. it's mostly an ego trip for the filmmaker. it has no discernible plot, the music is merely ok, and too much of the lyrics are unintelligible making it impossible to follow what little shreds of plot there may be.i don't need to put in a spoiler warning because there are no surprises to give away.i'd give this a 1.5/10, but that's just for the amusement value of seeing the locales made into a movie. it wasn't worth the $6. i could rent a video camera and drive around "greendale" and make a better movie myself.if you want to see a *good* environmental-message movie with no plot, go rent koyaanisqatsi.

i have seen many a horror flick in my time, all of them absurdly bad, but none reach the depths that this piece of trash lowers itself to. this movie made me angrier and angrier as i watched it as i tried to wrap my head around exactly what this movie was about. now, after i've seen it, i understand - sort of - what was going on and why, but the movie itself is just too confusing to be enjoyable when you're watching it. yes, there are the customary scenes of gratuitious violence, one-liners that show the mind-blowing insightfulness of its characters ("the highway belongs to me...me!"), and enough nudity to sufficiently distract us from the "plot", but still you'll leave this movie feeling alone and taken advantage of, like a puppy who isn't wanted anymore and is left in a box by the side of the road. blech.

in this short an urban man and his wife have their weird lives set akimbo when the man takes to wearing an old red pants suit of his mother in law's.i kept watching this hoping that i could see why it had been made, or why the other reviewers found it funny. for me it was a total waste of time.not everyone's tastes are the same but this was clearly not to mine.

although the actors were good, specially fritzi haberland as the blind lilly, the film script is obsessively pretentious and completely arbitrary. a famous theatre director (hilmir snær guðnason), becoming blind after a car accident, is on the run for himself and his destiny. lilly, being sightless since her birth, is teacher for blind persons, and wants to make him "seeing" again. (blind persons are seeing with their fingers, nose and ears.) here this movie is becoming a roadmovie; and the longer the road becomes, the closer their relation develops, which was predictable since the beginning of the film. the theatre director is on the road to his mother (jenny gröllmann). his mother is living somewhere in russia on the sea and making artistic installations - of course, what should she do other! - and she is still living, because she is waiting his son, to die. my god! this are destinies!finally the son arrived! mum is celebrating a big party! at the beach. wind is blowing and a pianist is playing on a real piano in the middle of a dune. yes, they are celebrating her farewell. the son arrives just in time. mother can finally swallow the pills administered by a pretty nurse. now a great artist can die in the arms of her great artist son, speaking sad contemplations about live in perfect german, while the son is answering with a rough accent. because the son is unable to see, he is not falling in love to the nurse, - the film script would have become also too complicate! - but is looking for lilly on the way back to home.parallel to this roadmovie the sister of lilly, staying at home is asking a gawky schoolmate to deflower her, who has first to booze himself to courage. the occasion is favourable. because mum (tina engel) is on journey together with the lover of lilly, paul (harald schrott). they are after lilly, to bring her back. paul and the mother of lilly are not falling in love, because the film script would have become too complicate. the film script missed to make out of paul something exceptional too. i would suggest an architect or a pianist, or course a famous one! when they finally find lilly, they want to convince her, to come back to paul, because he has two eyes to see and is able to care for her. but lilly felt in love to his pupil, the theatre director; did i mention, that he was even a famous theatre director?this is german film art! as you may see in this pretentious production, that the german film subsidy fund is not always producing good films, because they subsidy just such kind of pseudo intellectual films. this film is really embarrassing. i have the impression, that the film script has been cobbled together from some highbrows in coffee shops and restaurants. everybody is entitled to contribute with an idea. probably also til schweiger has contributed with some intellectual flash of wit, being a co-producer. i was reminded by this film script to an other german film of absolute painfulness: "barfuss" - already the spelling of the title is not right! "barfuss" dvd cover writes proudly: "a til schweiger film". this film got also subsidies of filmstiftung nrw, filmförderung hamburg and the ffa.please don't spoil your time with this film! there are really good films in germany. watch out for film directors like marcus h. rosenmüller, joseph vilsmaier, hans steinbichler, hans-christian schmid, faith akin ...

this film started out very promising with the story about a director who loses his sight and a blind woman who is bound to help him. however, somewhere in the middle it seemed like the script writers didn't know where to go from there.one unbelievable event followed the next (russia must be very small because they are all bumping into each other all the time), the motivation of the female lead character comprehensible (why does she still follow him after they got off the ship? why doesn't she try to borrow a mobile phone on the ship to call somebody?), the side stories were completely ridiculous (was the story with the mother and the boyfriend supposed to be funny? and what was the story with the younger sister about?). still with all this seeming arbitrariness of the plot, the movie managed to be completely predictable.the saddest thing about it is that there was a lot of potential. as i said, the idea of the film was good, the visuals and the score were very beautiful and the actors of the main characters were good, too. so this could have been a really good film... but it wasn't.

given the people involved, it is hard to see why this movie should be so messed up and dull. the writer, david ward, wrote the amazing caper film "the sting" two years later, jane fonda had just won an academy award for klute, and donald sutherland had just done excellent work in films like "klute," "start the revolution without me," and "kelly's heroes." plotwise, the movie is a caper tale, with a small gang of bumbling misfits planning a big heist. at the same time the movie wants to be hip satire, a series of comedy sketches of the type that the nbc television show "saturday night" would do so well two years later. the bad result is that the plot makes the comedy bits seem awkward and forced and the disconnected comedy bits destroy any kind of suspense that the heist might have. it is quite literally a movie that keeps smashing into itself, just as the cars in the cars in the demolition scenes run into each other.the only real interest for me was watching jane fonda. her "iris caine" is supposed to be a light hearted version of her dramatic bree daniels prostitute character in "klute" yet, one doesn't believe her for a moment. it is always jane fonda pretending to be a prostitute that we are watching. it is as terrible a performance as her performance in "klute" was terrific. it would be a good lesson for acting teachers to run the two films together to show how the same actress in the same type of role can be great or pathetic. it suggests that actors are only as good as their writers and directors.

this is one of the worst movies i've seen in a long time. not just the story, but the acting is shockingly bad. the dialog sounds like someone reading the news.this is rated as comedy/drama/romance, it's not of those things ! it's a little action, that's it. there's really no comedy and drama at all.if you went to the cinema to see this i feel sorry for you. i would not recommend it at all. pretty much anything else that you choose to look at will be better. this is pretty much a action/crime movie. the actions scenes sucked, and crime story part of it was very predictable.if you are not really interested in a good story, or good acting. and you simply want to look at a 'foreign' film for the appeal of being foreign. then this might be for you.

unbelievably bad acting, a no good, unclear story and flashy images and slow-motions where they are needed the least: adrenaline is everything a movie should not be.georgina verbaan (a so-and-so dutch soap actress who hasn't attended her english classes) plays rich girl freya, who has the habit of 'thrill-seeking'. which basicly is doing dangerous stunts, break stuff and annoy people. and not in a fun jackass way. then there's dracko (rivas). he kinda leads the bunch but has other illegal activities on the side. then there's freya's dad (lockyer), who plays a dubious role as well. and, in the end, we got jason (debutant fyall), the boyfriend of freya.one day, freya gets disappeared and everybody seems involved but we, the viewer really don't care as nobody of the cast is either likable or believable, and the story doesn't make any sense.why was this even made? 2/10.

i caught this cuban film at at an arthouse film club. it was shown shortly after the magisterial 1935 silly symphony cartoon where the isle of symphony is reconciled with the isle of jazz. what with the recently deceased ruben gonzalez piped through speakers in this old cinema-ballroom and a cuban flag hanging from peeling stucco rocaille motifs, the scene was set for a riproaring celebration of engaged filmmaking and synchronised hissing at the idiocies of helms-burton. but then the film started. and the cinema's peeling paint gradually became more interesting than the shoddy mess on-screen.the storyline of nada mas promises much. carla is a bored envelope-stamper at a cuban post office. her only escape from an altogether humdrum existence is to purloin letters and rewrite them, transforming basic interpersonal grunts into brontëan outbursts of breathless emotion. cue numerous shots of photogenic cubans gushing with joy, grief, pity, terror and the like.the problem is that the simplicity of the narrative is marred by endless excursions into film-school artiness, latino caricature, marx brothers slapstick and even - during a particularly underwhelming editing trick - the celluloid scratching of a schoolkid defacement onto a character's face.unidimensional characters abound. cunda, the boss at the post office, is a humourless dominatrix-nosferatu. her boss-eyed accomplice, concha, variously points fingers, eavesdrops and screeches. cesar, the metalhead dolt and romantic interest, reveals hidden writing talent when carla departs for miami. a chase scene (in oh-so-hilarious fast-forward) is thrown in for good measure. all this would be fine in a mortadello and filemon comic strip, but in a black-and-white zero-fx flick with highbrow pretensions, ahem.nada mas attempts to straddle the stile somewhere between the 'quirky-heroine-matchmakes-strangers' of amelie and the 'poetry-as-great-redeemer' theme of il postino. like amelie, its protagonist is an eccentric single white female who combats impending spinsterdom by trying to bring magic into the lives of strangers. and like il postino, the film does not flinch from sustained recitals of poetry and a postman on a bicycle takes a romantic lead. unfortunately, nada mas fails to capture the lushness and transcendence of either film.there are two things that might merit watching this film in a late-night tv stupor. the first is the opening overhead shot of carla on a checker-tiled floor, which cuts to the crossword puzzle she is working on. the second is to see nada mas as a cautionary example: our post buena vista social club obsession with cuban artistic output can often blinker us into accepting any dross that features a bongo on the soundtrack. this film should not have merited a global release - films such as waiting list and guantanamera cover similar thematic territory far more successfully.

very poor effort that offers pretty much nothing to anyone but a hardcore fan of stanley tucci, who tries, but can not save the poor structure, dialogue, direction, or talent of our leading man.pretty much the only trick this plodding tale of a naive new salesman for an alarm company has, is its quirky side characters. but without a realistic backdrop, such characters are pointless.nothing to see here, keep moving...

pointless, humourless drivel.....meant to be a comedy; but not one laugh in the whole film. gratuitous violence often with guns. what kind of warped mentality can either make or say this is a good film?! 1 out of 10.

what a horrible comedy. totally lame. the supposed "humor" was simple and stupid. stanly tucci (a great actor) had the only parts worth chuckling at. and he was tied up and gagged at the time. don't waste your time with this one. it deserves a 0/10.

...am i missing something here??? "unexpected plot developments"? "plot twisting with subversive glee"? are these viewers watching the same arquette vehicle to which i just subjected myself (in an now-obvious sub(un)conscious bout of sadomasochism)...i just joined this site simply to make sure that no one else ever rents this stinker...this movie was an embarrassment to every single person involved...quick question: did sir stevie read the script before he gave the thumbs-up to kate c.? if so, then it must be the same spielberg who greenlighted "howard the duck"...don't give me that, "it was a hit play" crap--i'm guessing mssr. reddin ain't too pleased ...the dvd cover promised "surprising corners" and a "twisted story..." story!!story?? it's crap like this that make old bobby mckee and his wandering band of structuralists sound like geniuses...sundance??berlin??toronto?? i have a home video of my cat farting that evokes more interest than arquette's negatively-dimensional portrayal of anguished loss...and, talk about deux ex machina for mr. stanley t.; thank god, just in the nick o time he thought to have dave call the cops! and thank shiva that the cops had just caught the true killer...what!!! up until the credits i was still waiting for it to be some kind of grift against arquette and his "hidden millions"...no, mrs. spielberg, you don't escape unscathed: what the hell was that kitchen scene with the "athlete's foot in my crotch" gag??? are you worse in this or "just cause"?? i dunno...hey film lovers: why don't you make it a blockbuster night and rent this along with "jersey girl" and "white chicks" and then commit sepukka (or is it seppuka)...and take e. dunsky with you....

what begins as a fairly clever farce about a somewhat shady security monitoring company turns, almost instantaneously, into an uninteresting and completely inane murder mystery. david arquette and the great stanley tucci try mightily to make this train wreck watchable, but some things are just not humanly possible.what, for instance, causes gale to turn suddenly from a sweet motherly figure into a drunken shrew at tommy's parents house? why would heinrich, although admittedly a sleezebag, want to destroy the business to which he devotes his life, by robbing and possibly murdering his customers? why does the seemingly sensible tommy believe that heinrich could be a murderer (based almost entirely on a dream), and even if that were believable, why wouldn't he go to the police? and why didn't gale activate the alarm when she got home, especially after scolding howie about it being off? of course, all of these events are necessary for the plot (and i use the term very, very loosely) to unfold. and it might be forgivable if it resulted in even the slightest bit of comedy. but everything, from howie's description of his date rape, to the coroner's misidentification of gale, to the final "joke" about gale and howie still being dead, is more tasteless and pathetic than anything else.i checked the box indicating that my comments contained "spoilers", but there's nothing more i or anyone else could do to spoil this thing that already stinks to high heaven.

david arquette is a young and naive home security alarmsalesman taken under the wing of stanley tucci. arquette is agolden boy, scoring a big sale on his first call- to widow katecapshaw and her dopey son ryan reynolds. things are goingwell for arquette, he is appearing in commercials for the securityfirm and he is falling in love with capshaw.then tucci and his right hand woman mary mccormack let him inon a little secret- they sometimes break into the houses of theirclients in order to scare them and to get their neighbors to buysecurity systems from the firm. arquette decides not to getinvolved, taking capshaw to meet his family, and going through lifewith a goofy smile on his face. then, someone breaks intocapshaw's home and murders her and her son. arquette suspects tucci, and sets a series of traps, resulting in a gun to hisboss' head as tucci pleads his innocence.based on a stage play, "the alarmist" is not opened up well. thescenes where arquette takes the capshaw to meet his parentsare badly played and completely unfunny. they are also out of linewith the character capshaw is playing, as she gets drunk and tellssexually explicit stories to arquette's mom michael learned. otherthan these scenes, capshaw is not given much to do, but shedoes a lot with the little she is given.stanley tucci, looking just like terry o'quinn, is a riot as thesecurity firm owner. he is a creep who really does not understandarquette's moral revulsion. however, when he turns into asniveling whiner after arquette kidnaps him, he is hilarious. marymccormack seems to have been groomed for a bigger role, butshe mostly stands around and agrees with tucci. ryan reynoldsis too old to play a dumb teenager, but he is funny, especiallytelling his own explicit sexual story to arquette.the screenplay lurches from romantic comedy to dark comedy toosoon. capshaw meeting the parents is completely unmotivated,except to give her a reason to get out of town so someone canbreak into her house. capshaw and reynolds are in the film justto give arquette a reason to take revenge on tucci.arquette, who has proven he is a good actor, is awful here. herelies on the constipated mugging that got him through thoseat&t ads, and he is not a strong enough presence to build thisweak film around. actually, reynolds might have been a betterchoice in the role.dunsky's direction is good, nothing that will win an oscar soon.christophe beck's light jazzy score recalls the type of film noir thisfilm tries to be, and it is really catchy on top of that.despite the pluses, arquette's failure as a lead and the script'sschizophrenic quality sinks the film. i do not recommend it.this is rated (r) for physical violence, gun violence, some gore,strong profanity, brief female nudity, sexual content, strong sexualreferences, and adult situations.

the alarmist is so abysmally scripted that you have think to yourself why on earth did an up and coming actor like david arquette agree to be in it. it has to be one of the weakest plots i have ever seen and without any humour at all, it borders on the brink of tedious. it staggers along to a dreadful conclusion which appears to only happen because the director got bored and just wanted to wrap up quickly in order to get home for his dinner. stay away!.

i was at this film's premiere at the toronto film festival in 1997. after the screening, when the writer/director and some cast members offered to answer questions, no one could even be bothered to ask any. rarely has a film been so poorly directed (why on earth were random frames snipped out of some scenes?), wretchedly acted (david arquette, to paraphrase dorothy parker, does not run the emotional gamut from a to b. he parks at a and brings a lunch) and utterly pointless. characters behave completely out of character for no reason except to force the plot to move in certain directions. at long last, the film comes to a completely random and pointless end that's supposed to "really make you think." unfortunately, what it makes you think is, "well, there's 90 minutes of my life i'm never getting back."

ghost town starts as kate barrett (catherine hickland) drives along an isolated desert road, her car suddenly breaks down & she hears horses hoofs approaching... deputy sheriff langley (frank luz) of riverton county is called in to investigate kate's disappearance after her father reports her missing. he finds her broken down car & drives off looking for her, unfortunately his car breaks down too & he has to walk. langley ends up at at a deserted rundown ghost town, much to his shock langley soon discovers that it is quite literally a ghost town as it's populated by the ghosts of it's former residents & is run by the evil devlin (jimmie f. skaggs) who has kidnapped kate for reasons never explained & it's up to langley to rescue her & end the towns curse...the one & only directorial effort of richard governor this odd film didn't really do much for me & i didn't like it all that much. the script by duke sandefur tries to mix the horror & western genres which it doesn't do to any great effect. have you ever wondered why there aren't more horror western hybrid films out there? well, neither have i but if i were to ask myself such a question i would find all the answers in ghost town because it's not very good. the two genres just don't mix that well. there are plenty of clichés, on the western side of things there's the innocent townsfolk who are to scared to stand up to a gang of thugs who are terrorising them, the shoot-outs in the main street, saloon bars with swing doors & prostitutes upstairs & horror wise there's plenty of cobwebs, some ghosts, an ancient curse, talking corpses & a few violent kills. i was just very underwhelmed by it, i suppose there's nothing terribly wrong with it other than it's just dull & the two genres don't sit together that well. there are a few holes in the plot too, why did devlin kidnap kate? i know she resembled his previous girlfriend but how did he know that & what was he going to do with her anyway? we never know why this ghost town is full of ghosts either, i mean what's keeping them there & what caused them to come back as ghosts? then there's the bit at the end where devlin after being shot says he can't be killed only for langley to kill him a few seconds later, i mean why didn't the bullets work in the first place?director governor does alright, there's a nice horror film atmosphere with some well lit cobweb strewn sets & the standard hollywood western town is represented here with a central street with wooden buildings lining either side of it. i wouldn't say it's scary because it isn't, there's not much tension either & the film drags in places despite being only just over 80 odd minutes in length. forget about any gore, there a few bloody gunshot wounds, an after the fact shot of two people with their throats slit & someone is impaled with a metal pole & that's it.i'd have imagined the budget was pretty small here, it's reasonably well made & is competent if nothing else. credit where credit's due the period costumes & sets are pretty good actually. the acting is alright but no-ones going to win any awards.ghost town is a strange film, i'm not really sure who it's meant to appeal to & it certainly didn't appeal to me. anyone looking for a western will be annoyed with the dumb horror elements while anyone looking for a horror film will be bored by the western elements. it's something a bit different but that doesn't mean it's any good, worth a watch if your desperate but don't bust a gut to see it.

there is a really good movie lurking just beneath the surface of the layers upon layers of cheese that is "the pagemaster".i found this out when i watched this again this morning after neglecting it for years and years. i remember hating it with a passion when it first came out, but this time, i found that the special effects are quite good. the plot is just "the neverending story" with a creativity-endectomy, but it's an okay little flick for anyone who just wants some really awesome eye-candy. the animation is amazing, and i especially liked how the animators let their characters look and act a bit more surrealistic than the norm. i'm giving it a grade of three as i *would* have given it a two (just for parody value) if i had ever decided to watch this movie expecting it to absolutely blow my mind story-wise.

"i'm a cartoon!" "you're an illustration!" what does that suppose to mean?! this plot could not be worse as a boy, who's afraid of everything, becomes very brave at the very end of the film because he went into a library. the only purpose of this waste of celluloid was to encourage american kids to read, when a cheaper, and more effective way of doing this could have been a series of adverts! even the talents of macaulay culkin(as the kid), christopher lloyd (as the so predictable "that he's a the page master" librarian), could save this pointless film from the dull plot. even the voices of whoopi goldberg, patrick stewart,(even) leonard nimoy, or the hollywood god of voices, frank welker as the cartoon characters don't save it ever. i can only describe it as a 1990s equivalent to the even ghastly 1978 adaption of the water babies, because the bland animation makes the film worse, not improving the dull plot!

richard tyler is a little boy who is scared of everything. he doesn't like riding his bike or climbing on his tree house because he knows what kind of accidents might happen to him. so one day he is riding his bike and because it is starting to rain, he decides to wait in the library until it stops raining. in there the whole story takes place. he experiences all kinds of staff and in the end he is not scared any more. but the whole story is unbelievable and even good actors like macaulay culkin could not make the story better than it is.

about 4 years ago, i liked this movie. i would watch it over and over and over. but now... i don't. actually, i think this movie would have been great for mystery science theater 3000. it has a bunch of comment-heavy actors (macaulay culkin, christopher lloyd, patrick stewart, whoopi goldberg), and a pretty cheesy plot. my favorite part is when culkin is riding his bike and he comes across a gang and a gang member says, "hey, tyler! where ya goin'? the moon??" also look out for the classic line, "do you have feeling in your toes?"on the other hand, it's better than "the good son".

the beginning of this movie is excellent with tremendous sound and some nice humor, but once the film changes into animation it quickly loses its appeal.one of the reasons that was so, at least for me, was that the colors in much of the animation are too muted, with too little contrast. it doesn't look good, at least on vhs. once in a while it breaks out and looks great, but not often also, the characters come and go too quickly. for example, i would have liked to have seen more of "moby dick." when the film starts to drag, however, it picks up again with the entrance of the dragon and then the film finishes strong. overall, just not memorable enough or able to compete with the great animated films of the last dozen years.

wow, i'm a huge henry viii/tudor era fan and, well, this was .... interesting. the only one i watched was the catherine of aragon one. and wow...just wow. i've seen bad acting before, but this reached new heights. when the actress who played catherine was umm.. crying? she wails and screams and i have to admit i rewinded many times... many, many times .... funny, funny stuff. the only person who even showed any slight sliver of talent was the actress playing anne boleyn (i might be prejudiced though, i do have a slight obsession with anne boleyn, she was a really facinating woman, read up on her, it's worth it!) also, i have read a lot about the tudor time period and i think that the characters weren't very acurately displayed, they were all very stereotypical. only see this movie if you are prepared to see a very important time period, and the important lives of those involved turned into a laughing stock.

having just wasted a couple of hours watching this and for 80% of that time in complete disbelief, i can give this garbage the turkey of the year award, no problem. to say the plot was unbelievable is some big understatement. frankly i am lost for words to describe this utter tripe. not only are the characters completely and utterly without any semblance of originality (this sort of stuff has been done much better in dozens of 'serial killer flicks')but the acting was dire. for those who pay to see this, i hope you get your money back, for those who were paid to do this, i hope you give your money back. believe me folks there are many new releases out there that are much, much better. go see.

i had a recent spectator experience with the perfect witness (2007) because the netflix computer recommendation engine suggested i watch this film. apparently, at some point, i told it how much i liked michael haneke's, benny's video. i don't know about you, but this parallel being drawn provoked in me a maelstrom of emotion and excitement over thomas c. dunn's film and made the allocation of my time toward it virtually impossible to refuse. just this kind of recommendation from the netflix computer intelligence, for me, had the aesthetic/moral movie bar set to level so high that, upon reflection, it represented something pretty much unaccomplished in every film produced in the year 2007.having prefaced my response to the film that way, i'm going to proceed in knocking this picture down as poorly executed and banal; and i really hate to do that because i think our boy, wes bentley, happens to be not only one of the most interesting young faces in contemporary cinema, but also one its most overlooked and underrated screenacting talents in the us. i'm more than moderately concerned that the poor guy's going to miss the fame ship if he keeps fiddling around with first time movie directors like this.the perfect witness is about micky (wes bentley), who, about thirty, still lives with mom ("you're not drinkin' again area ya's?"), but he's a "filmmaker" or at the very least some kind of street-level voyeur with a pension for shooting would-be johns in the seedy back alleys of philadelphia with his dvx 100b. out there, doing his private investigator-like drills, micky "inadvertently" video-tapes a brutal murder on a hapless early-twenty-ish coed with his hand held camcorder. baring the notion in mind that snuff and movies as cultural currency can be his equated with his ticket out of the white urban ghetto (and not to the debts of his unwitting friends and relatives who put up the money for his atrocious films), micky approaches the assailant, james lemac (mark borkowski: also takes a writing credit) or "mac the knife" whichever- and blackmails the killer into making a documentary about his murder impulses, holding this found footage over the attacker with threats of the police.the problem with this movie is not that no interesting ideas exist because they do. while both the writing and direction are amateurish, that alone doesn't make a film bad. it's that these guys commit a rather poor assumption that what they are presenting is shocking in the context of a culture in which just about any person in the free world with access to a private computer can log-on to the web and catch the veracity of the action of a beheading on their little mac or pc. no film relies on shock value alone any more (unless of course, ironically, it's a film about torture on animals) and therefore cinematic images of violence (real or fake) have less and less cultural capital with each year that passes. also, we've got this astounding actor-talent in the lead all styled-up, real hip guy: his two inch beard and skull cap with the little bill on it, backwards, just like the dork from high school who craved after the potential services of my primary love interest same guy who just now calls himself a "poet."spare me. "i'm an artist," "i'm a filmmaker." okay. please do, carry on with that shtick, cronnie. seems to have bought you a lot of expensive 35mm stock. and go ahead, you can wear all the accrutements of a "creative" but don't expect us top respond to you, to follow your below average character through your two hour movie while you take down wes bentley's career. why don't we just let history speak to the merits of what you do, filmmaker guy. my guess is history will eventually have say something about that like, probably that's in not is good as you think it is. and yeah, odds are you'll be laying the blame on your dear ole ma, end up like our man micky here in the perfect witness; hooked on smack and covered in your buddy's blood with a video camera in your hand. great.

another day stuck indoors, another film to watch. having finally completed my christmas shopping yesterday on a cold and foggy afternoon, i had nowhere else to go to escape "the land that time forgot". or rather, i had nothing else to watch.doug mcclure, that bastion of leading-man actors, leads a handful of allied sailors sunk by a u-boat somewhere in the atlantic in 1916. capturing the u-boat (in a scene that defies logic and reason), they eventually find themselves on a strange island, apparently untouched by human hands. together, they explore the land and discover dinosaurs and neanderthals! can they escape before becoming a permanent resident of the land that time forgot? despite being made few years before "star wars", these films are light-years apart in terms of special effects. the model shots are little better than anything you would expect to see in an episode of gerry anderson's "stingray" and the creatures aren't much better either. when the t-rex (i'm assuming that's what it was) was killed, it fell in the same way that zombies do when you kill them - frozen in mid-walk and collapsing, arms and legs held out like a sleeping cow that's been pushed over. granted, the sets aren't too bad but the lousy acting and endless explosion noises (which all sound the same) do their best to ruin credibility and your enjoyment of the picture as a whole. characters are neither believable or worthy of your sympathy as they fire their guns at seemingly anything that moves. in the end, i just didn't care if they got off the island or not and by the time the end came, i was more relieved than entertained.costumes are authentic enough until the cavemen arrive and it is bear-skin bikinis and loin cloths all round. and although it was fairly obvious from their actions, you wouldn't have known that some characters were german from their accents. the whole thing just lacked some polish and cohesion, leaving the viewer confused in places and nonplussed in others. overall, this film barely registers a ripple of excitement these days although you can find some small amusement in trying to work out where colin farrell is. i spotted his name in the credits and half expected a baby to appear with an irish accent and suspect facial hair. oh well. nothing particularly great here to see then, but just about ok if you're eating your lunch and the weather is preventing further activity.

i felt obliged to watch this movie all the way through, since i had found it in a bargain bin and bought it for my own, but i came close many times to turning it off and just writing off the money i had paid for it. if you are a fan of gore and sadism, this movie is ok. if there is one thing that the makers of this film know, it is the creative use of fake blood and body parts for a sickening effect. if that doesn't thrill you, then stay away.this movie is shot on a home video camera, with grade school props and terrible actors. it's dubbed from german, but even allowing for that, the sound is awful. this film is about as budget as budget gets, except for the aforementioned special effects. if they had spent a little more money on actors and a real script instead of blood and guts, the film might have been a little more enjoyable.the story is about three men that land on an island inhabited by an army of tin-masked sadists. they are captured, and the rest of the movie is about their attempt to escape. i call this a story in the loosest sense, since it is really a series of scenes of torture and combat strung together by inane obscenity-filled dialog.there is nothing whatsoever redeeming about this movie, unless you like mindless gore. consider yourself warned.

karl jr and his dad are now running an army on a remote island. they capture a trio of guys who stumble upon the island. whom after a while fight back. (well the survivors) this one has non-stop blood, gore and carnage, which would have been good if any of it looked remotely real, or if the production didn't look like it was made with a weeks worth of saved up lunch money (i may be overexxagerating there. it was probably just a couple days worth). the horrendous dubbing didn't bother me as much and i suspect if i had been really drunk, some of it might have been slightly humorous....maybe. but as it is, at merely 78 minutes the movie still felt way too long by.. oh i don't know... 78 minutes. don't waste your time.my grade: f dvd extras: bonus movie: "zombie '90: extreme pestilence"; and trailers for other shock-o-rama released films

i couldn't believe i spent $14.00 on this. the only redeeming quality is the outrageous gore. the dubbing was worse than any i have ever experienced. it looks like it was shot with a vhs camcorder. i think every pfennig was spent on the special effects because there was a whole lot of blood and body parts everywhere. its one of the worst movies i have ever seen but i do have to acknowledge the plentiful gore that wasn't as disgusting as it could have been because the whole movie is so silly and unbelievable

i really wanted to like this movie a lot more than i did. that's because i love wacky foreign comedies--particularly the strange ones that catch you completely by surprise. however, although this one frequently caught me by surprise, these were almost never pleasant surprises. it reminded me of south park in that nearly every social norm was violated until the only ones left to broach were too sick to be funny. for example, after exploring adultery, drug abuse (of nearly every sort--ranging from pot, heroin, speed to glue sniffing), prostitution, s&m, suicide, murder, etc., the movie got to the hilarious(?) topic of pedophilia. mom encouraged her one son (who looked about 12 years-old) to sleep with neighboring men. in fact, at one point in the movie she gives this boy to the dentist in lieu of payment for dental work! funny?! you've got to be kidding. this movie just goes too far and delves into the "black hole of comedy". what should they make fun of next, cancer or rectal tumors?

"sleeping with the enemy" is a predictable, 'been there before' thriller that never seems to find any inspiration no matter how desperately cast and crew try. i can't believe a bunch of my friends talked me into seeing this at the movies some sixteen years ago.the complete lack of originality from the ronald bass screenplay (based upon the nancy price novel) does not help, nor does the stale direction of joseph ruben or the very average performance from julia roberts. the supporting cast including patrick bergin and kevin anderson do little to help.there really isn't a lot to say. just give it a miss.sunday, april 14, 1991 - hoyts cinema centre melbourne

julia roberts obviously makes a concerted effort to shake off her cotton wool pretty woman persona with this spurious spousal abuse thriller, but it's hard to imagine she'd end up putting in a performance as powerful and convincing (and oscar winning) as she did in erin brokovich based on the back of this rubbish. and make no bones about it, it's nothing more than a julia roberts vehicle, but unfortunately, her performance is not the most lacklustre thing about it.the plot has all the markings of a late night made-for-cable, and don't be under the impression that it will offer any insight into the dark world of domestic abuse because non of the characters are sketched out enough for you to really care. ultimately disappointing and unsatisfying, without roberts' name above the title, i'm sure it would have totally flopped, deservedly.

this movie was probably about as silly as the naked gun (which was supposed to be). case in point:1. in order to fake her drowning roberts is secretly taking swimming lessons at the ywca. after her "death" the ywca calls her husband at work to give their condolences. hello how did they get his work number?2. before she leaves town she drops her wedding ring in the toilet. days or even weeks later her hubby finds it in the john. does this mean the toilet was never flushed?3. no explanation is given on how she is paying for her mothers care in the retirement home (since she did it behind her rich husbands back).4. towards the end of this tiresome film roberts suspects her husband is in the house. instead of running for her life she runs to the kitchen instead to see if the cans are stacked neatly.

let's just say i had to suspend my disbelief less for spiderman than i did for hooligans. that is, to say, i have less of a problem believing toby mcguire can stick to buildings than i do elija wood throwing down with toughs in manchester. i won't get into specifics, as i don't want to write a spoiler, but the idea of grown, professional, british men getting into near death scraps every weekend is, well... funny. and this film is not. the fighting, the idea of fighting, is taken far too seriously. the gravity of the pugilism, the reverence with which the subject matter is treated becomes irritating, as it neither establishes or resolves the conflict. it seems as though the plot, with holes big enough to drive a guiness truck through, has been slapped together with a contrived "fish out of water" theme so that viewers can gaze into woods teary eyes as he learns how to become a man ie. hitting other young men of opposing football tastes with blunt objects and then running away as fast as he can. the characters are cartoonish, especially the americans at harvard. the character development and story line are telegraphed to the viewer throughout the picture. unfortunately, the absurdity of the film doesn't reach its height until nearly the end, which by then you'll have spent nearly two hours of your life you are never getting back. pick up "the football factory" or "fight club" instead of this corny, and disappointing dud. it doesn't waste time with empty melodrama, the tired old "yankee in king aurthur's court," or weepy, parables of coming of age bullsh*t. they're just pure, dark, and clever fun; the way violence is supposed to be.

i'm sure to people watching this move outside of britian this film will be an entertaining watch, but for someone from the uk it's painful in it's errors.right at the start of the film elijah wood gets off a tube at bank station, which has been trashed. he says to his sister, who he's meeting, "what happened here" and she replies "oh tottenham were in town yesterday"!!! tottenham are in town already.. they're part of the town, they don't have to go there! and if tottenham fans wanted to fight other fans the last place on earth they'd do it is bank station, where there are probably more security cameras than anywhere else in the world.there are several other similar errors but the biggest failing for me is the actor who plays the lead hooligan. he clearly decided it wasn't worth trying to speak with an east end accent and instead opted for a dick van dyke style mock-ney which made my ears bleed. it was accentuated by the fact the rest of his gang all spoke in the way you'd expect west ham fans to speak. this error made him unbelievable in the role and really spoilt the film.

first some background; i am english and have lived in london all my life. i have been to many games at 'the den' and most other london club grounds. i am familiar with the type of person who gets into hooliganism and i know just how they act and how they speak. have to say this is a bad, bad movie. i can tell you that green street is one of the most unrealistic movies i have ever seen. i spent most of the movie cringing with embarrassment. i felt i should write a mini review because i felt i needed to point out a few things.a) people just don't talk like that in london in real life; the filmmakers took the whole slang thing too far and made it sound stupid. unfortunately hooligan types do exist, but those you see in green street are more like parodies. b) the actor who plays pete dunham (charlie hunnam) unfortunately sounded about as 'english' or 'cockney' as osama bin laden. he's from up north in newcastle and i'm just amazed any of the other actors could keep straight face acting alongside him - how are we supposed to take him seriously. why they didn't just get someone from east london to play that part is beyond me. i could have done 'a bang up job' myself, hehe. c) mr frodo. i mean how can i be expected to take seriously elijah wood kicking the ass of people twice his size and who are genuinely nasty hooligans. he'd be dead. simple as that. honestly (as a brit) it was hard to watch this film. i'm pretty sure this film will bomb here in the uk. it may do a little better in the states because the americans just wont know (or care) how inaccurate it is. please my american and foreign friends, don't believe a word of this nonsense. yes these firms do exist but it's all extremely underground and hush hush, and on a vastly smaller scale. the movie only gets a 2 from me because they actually filmed some of it in london. usually they try to film these things in cardiff (wales) or something and expect us all not to notice.

i may not have the longest of attention-spans, but this is the second movie i have refused to see all the way through, and i even bought it on dvd because of its "classic" status. at first, i thought that the director was playing a big joke, so i kept waiting for a resolution, something to laugh at, something to keep my interest, but this resolution never came. rather, the writing was laughably amateurish, the movie dragged on and felt disjointed, like someone cut a tv series to feature-length. the academy must have been on drugs when they nominated this movie for no less than eight oscars.once again, i repeat myself. this is the second movie i have refused to watch all the way through. the first was "exterminator". i hope this gives you an indication of how bad it really is. 1/10

with a cast of stalwart british character actors and pleasing photography of 1950s britain, i had hoped and expected to be more entertained by this film. unfortunately i found myself glued to it for the wrong reasons - i couldn't quite believe how awful it was. i must have watched thousands of old films and am always ready to make allowances for them being products of their time, but this was really hard going.as others have noted, a major problem is that it doesn't seem to know what it wants to be: a gentle romantic comedy, a slapstick comedy or a musical. i was a bit gobsmacked when jeannie carson suddenly broke into song about 15 minutes in! it's not believable on any level, either the storyline itself or the fact that daisy never appears to have an ounce of menace in her at any time. other aspects which defied credibility included the casting of suave donald sinden as a songwriter (a songwriter for god's sake!), the fact he has diana dors for a fiancée and doesn't appear to have the slightest interest in her (i mean, diana dors! come on!) and a ludicrous scene in a song publisher's office. the whole thing's silly in the worst possible way.if i had to pick a favourite scene it would be the one at the very beginning with that wonderful actor wilfred lawson - after that everything went downhill in a big way.

of course, "flatley" is already not exactly the ideal name for a dancer, but i think michael is really pushing the irony envelope with this new title: "feet of flames" one really can't resist recommending desenex foot spray to the retiring (and clearly, ailing) flatley.i might add that, much like that cheering london crowd (per review below), i too am enthusiastic about this being his last live performance."hinting that it may be his last live performance, flatley is cheered on by an enthusiastic london crowd." ~ perry seibert, all movie guide

this was a painful example of a cheap, boring and unoriginal show produced by australian tv stations to fulfil local content quotas. the writing was truly terrible and i'm not surprised that the writers are those responsible for the worst australian film in recent memory the honerable wally norman.nothing about this tv series was funny - ever - not even mildly amusing. it was just tired and bad and, worst of all, it really thought it was funny. it was simply embarrassing to watch.there is something very suss about this show being given 10 out of 10 on imdb. try to find a (real) review by a (real) australian viewer of the show (there weren't many) and it is impossible. or crazy. there are loafs of bread that are funnier than this show. avoid the show at all cost and if it does come out on dvd, remember that the laughter that deserves was unintentional.

up until the last few minutes of the movie, i would have given the movie a score of 7 or 8 stars. however, the ending is so terrible and "hollywoodized" that it completely undermines the first 80% of the movie.the plot revolves around a submarine and the possibility that they received an order to fire their nuclear missiles. the captain, gene hackman, is all for launching, while his first officer, denzel washington, is in favor of confirming the launch orders first. the problem is, to launch both the captain and 1st officer must simultaneously use their launch keys. hackman is determined to launch and washington stands firm until eventually this results in armed insurrection aboard the sub. eventually, the mistake is discovered and the missiles are not launched. cool. however, here comes the part that just doesn't ring true. after they are back on land and go before a review board, washington and hackman (who'd just spent half the movie trying to kill each other) shake hands and are all buddy buddy! huh?! too trite an ending to make the movie worth while for me.

there were good performances by robin williams and others but the movie was dull overall and very disappointing compared to the positive reviews.i thought sy might become a serial killer who bores people to death: a forlorn guy in ugly clothes trails his victims around food courts, quoting oprah and reciting his medical history until they beg him to shoot them.i think the movie mostly appeals to egomaniacs who think strangers are interested in their photos. i expect most retail workers want a break from the customers.

spoilers (although none that aren't revealed in the first two minutes of the movie)robin williams is actually quite good in this as the friendly, lonely, emotionally stunted loser sy. he makes a very human, even sympathetic psycho, and really disappears into the character--no small feat for such a recognizable performer. too bad the rest of the movie is such a waste. the supporting performances (and performers) wouldn't look out of place in a soft-core porno (it doesn't help that every character but sy is made of 100% cardboard). at times, the director actually seems to be trying to frustrate suspense: we know from the very first moments a) that sy is a complete whack-job, b) that he survives, and c) that he gets nabbed by the cops at the end. so all we're left to ponder is the hows and the whys, and the answers provided aren't all that interesting.the plot is plodding and contrived, and features some nonsensical moments (for instance, the husband berates his wife for her expensive tastes, even though she seems to spend all her free time at the local discount superstore). about two thirds of the way through, sy does something so irredeemably stupid that it makes one wonder how much he actually cares about his grand revenge scheme. and the final clichéd explanation of his psychosis, right out of `peeping tom,' is a terrible copout.the dialogue is of the absolute worst sort. it's not overwritten, or awkward, or unbelievable, or bad in any other way that could be considered fun, even for bad-movie lovers. instead, every line is purely, hideously functional--it's as if the director handed a plot outline to a newspaper copywriter and said, `hey, i need a workable script on this--in an hour.' it made me want to scream, honestly.this movie seems to be a throwback to the suburban beware-the-help thrillers of the eighties and nineties (`the hand that rocks the cradle,' e.g.), and while it's certainly unpleasant, it's never really scary. sy's fetishism occasionally makes you feel uncomfortable, but on its own that's not enough to make the film work. in the end, lack of craftsmanship from everyone involved, except robin williams, sinks this one. 3 out of 10.

this is one of the worst movies i've ever seen. i saw it at the premiere at sxsw and was extremely disappointed. the director knew little about john lennon and even said as much at the premiere. this is a drama, but people were laughing throughout at how cheesy the film was. that's never a good sign. the only saving graces were dominic monaghan and jason leonard as livien's roommates/bandmates. they were funny while the rest of the movie took itself waaay too seriously. the cheesy dropping of beatles lyrics was just absurd. the soundtrack was excellent, however, and was probably the best part of the movie. unless you're one of those crazy, rabid dominic monaghan fans, don't bother with this one.

a great opportunity for and indy director to make an interesting film about a rock musician on the brink of stardom. it could have been a decent film if it would have dealt with john livien's traumatic past and how it is torturing his psyche. instead, it is a ridiculous attempt to identify john livien's life with john lennon's. john livien's suicida mother's hero was john lennon and she wished for him to become as powerful and prolific as lennon himself. instead of focusing on john lennon's musical brilliance, and his wonderful ability to bare himself for others to learn something about their own life, it showed lennon's legacy to be that of a confused, drug addicted soul, who should looked upon as a god instead a man. i am a huge john lennon fan and this movie reminded me of another "crazy" person obsessed with lennon, lennon's killer , mark david chapman. lennon was a man who was brutally murdered by someone else who had an identity crisis with lennon. do we need to be reminded of that? john lennon gave so much to the world with his music and honesty and i was repulsed to see another disturbed person, as the main character in this movie obsessed by lennon, and not show his beautiful contributions to the world. yoko ono graciously honored john lennon's memory,by making the memorial in central park to give his fans a chance to pay their respects, and remember john. instead the director of this movie chose to use that site to have the killer attempt to commit suicide. i found this so disturbing and disrespectful to lennon's memory. he was a man of peace who died a brutal senseless death, and to see such violence near this site felt like a revisiting a terrible wound for any lennon fan. it ruined the movie completely for me . it could have been a decent movie, but it left me with a bitter taste in my mouth. let john lennon, and his family rest in peace and not be reminded of his vicious murder by this irresponsible movie.

yet another film about a tortured self-centered, arrogant, unfeeling hateful, self-destructive lead character we are supposed to care about.don't get me wrong i am very open to all kinds of off the wall movies that have as the lead character a strongly self-destructive character. what i object to about this one is that there is so little background to this guy. why did this guy hate himself and the world? had the script dealt with this more they might have managed to elicit some sympathy for him. as it is he just comes off as an unpleasant hateful character, not tragic, just hateful.after taking great pains to make this guy as crazy and anti-social as possible and making his fate as dark as possible the writer then has the nerve to make a happy ending....this is not the worst film i have ever seen but it is in there putting up a good fight! man! don't waste your time.

this film is really something of a curate's egg, good in parts. in contrast to other reviewers, i found that the main fault with it is its inability to draw in the viewer's interest in the characters and the plot. i sat through it because i'm interested in rock'n'roll and the dynamics of bands, but if i were to evaluate it purely on the basis of its merit as a movie, i would have to give it the thumbs down, with a few caveats: jason behr is good in the part of john livien, and quite convincing as a rock singer; the narrative regarding his childhood trauma is unclear, although we are given hints in livien's well-acted relationship to his parents, but his behaviour is ultimately bizarre to the viewer (which it shouldn't be). nevertheless the idea of using a stage persona to solve inner conflicts is interesting, albeit not novel nor fully explored as a theme in this film. the allusions to john lennon were irritating, but i confess i'm not a beatles fan. at any rate, livien and his band reminded me more of oasis than the beatles, in the sense that there was something derivative about them. another frustrating thing about the movie was the way it opened up with some interesting - albeit middlebrow and high-school level - philosophical musings of the lead character, but left the threads of his thinking there, only to pick them up again in the middle of the film very briefly, when livien says, "before god, there was music" (ever seen that ad for tia maria in the 1990s, "before time, there was tia maria"? that's what sprung to mind anyway); it seems an idiotic conclusion, and the viewer has no idea how he reached it, but he's entitled to it. fortunately his bassist and friend, played ably by dominic monaghan, seems to acknowledge the fallacy of this thinking when he responds "you don't know that".in all, the limited strengths of the direction and the plot could go either way on future projects, into pointless banality or into an interesting and more mature perspective.

this is easily the worst presley vehicle ever, which would bring us pretty close to the worst film ever made. it is measurably worse than even the revolting "happy ending" song at the end of "it happened at the world's fair", and here i thought that moment when elvis buys all of the vendor's balloons for his girl, and then the balloon vendor gets jiggy to the marching band was the epitome of bad cinema and could not be topped. i usually enjoy the random elvis flick if for no other reason but the memories of a time when we were innocent enough to sit through it. this one, however, ought to be called "live a little, wish you were dead a little", and makes "stay away joe" look like olivier playing othello.here, elvis plays greg, who is essentially a hippie free-lance photographer except for the establishment haircut. after a fun morning of reckless driving, he ends up at the beach where he is abducted by a woman who's name changes depending on the scene and who is speaking to her. clearly michele carey was selected for her resemblance to and ability to mimic elizabeth taylor (if i watched this without my glasses, i would have thought it was late 1960's liz playing the female lead). she sics her dog on elvis until he runs into the water and catches convenient movie pneumonia, then she keeps him doped up out of consciousness in her beach pad so long he loses his job and his apartment so she moves his stuff into her house before he awakens without even telling him (the audience does not know about it either, until elvis tries to go back to work and his boss has him beaten up for no reason except he deserved it for making this movie, and tries to go home and finds some hateful woman in a slip living in his house).rather than having her arrested for kidnapping, larceny and assault, he goes out and gets two jobs to repay the back rent miss crazy pants had to spring for when stealing all of his belongings. job one is working for don porter at a playboy type magazine, job two is upstairs working for rudy vallee at a snobby fashion magazine. i think the two-job shuffling is supposed to be the comedy, too bad it isn't the least bit funny, unless you'd laugh the 100th time you saw someone run up and down stairs in fast-motion to silly music. the predominate obstacle that keeps greg from falling for his abductor is her other love interest, the dreadfully miscast dick sargent (let's face it, either porter or vallee, even given their advanced ages in 1968, would have made far more believable competitors for miss crazy's affections).there are a variety of uninteresting and unfunny twists and turns, i kept waiting for something, anything to happen that would make all of this make sense. it never did. entertainment totals approximately three minutes and is comprised of elvis' rendition of "a little less talk" (which i can listen to on cd without this painful movie inflicted upon me) and a funny five second bit where elvis flops on the couch and crazy pants has apparently disassembled it so it flies all to pieces when he lands on it. that's it, folks, busted furniture, the only laugh in this entire film. no amount of mod sixties clothing, music, or décor can salvage this high-heaven stinker and it should be avoided at all costs. viewing this can create an unnatural desire on the part of the audience toward the self-infliction of grave bodily harm.

live a little, love a little is one of elvis' weirdest movies. part slapstick, part fluff, part surreal and part strange. elvis meets up with a very off-beat girl with an annoying voice. she looks like jennifer aniston. story doesn't make much sense as is the case with most elvis presley movies, and there a bunch of odd characters galore. not much music in this one, but what there is i liked, although none are memorable. strange continuity. elvis and michelle carey go into her beach house at night, but a few minutes later a delivery boy comes in and it's stark daylight!! what?? that's about the essence of the movie. what?? oh, two good things about the movie: a) elvis looks great and b) the dog steals the show.

the main reason for writing this review is i found this "revisioning" of a great play and worthy 1972 film, a horrible movie experience. if i can save someone from watching it, i will have done a good thing.this "new" version is loaded with talent, and it all goes wrong. kenneth branagh oks an ugly, sterile, one note set. he proceeds to film the movie from every arty, distracting, self-centered angle possible. we see reflections of the actors in stainless steel, on security monitors, shots of their heads from 200 ft above, close ups of eyes, chins, and on and on. the screenplay, by a nobel laureate, introduces long stretchs of unpleasant homosexual banter, that is being faked by both parties,.... i think?? given the character "twists" how would i know? the characters themselves,so richly drawn in the original, are crass and unsympathetic. the running time has been cut by an hour, which is either the real problem or the kindest thing the director did for us. the actors perform their lines effectively, but nothing they say or do is remotely believable. jude law is over the top more than caine, but as the credited producer, must have had branagh's blessing.all in all i found this to be an ugly to look at, unconvincing shell of a former classic. why was it even made??? the paying public spent less that $4m worldwide to see it! a vanity piece of work that fails at every turn.

this is the most messed up entry on imdb that i've yet to stumble across. all the previous reviewers act like this is the movie. this is not the movie. rather it's merely a featurette that's an extra on the dvd of the movie "the one" it also nowhere near being the 90 minutes that it's listed here as. in actuality it's barely over 13 minutes of how cool jet li can do martial arts. and his reflections on the movie. so yeah this imdb entry is quite a bit fubar. don't listen to any of the other reviews as they are all wrong. you can trust me, because i never feed you, dear reader, bs.and that's the truth. i guess u can say that i'm "the one" reviewer that matters.

this is one of the worst movies i've seen in a long time. the story was boring, the dialogue was atrocious and the acting hammy. i'm not sure if this movie was the result of a film school homework project, but it certainly played like one. it is not even particularly successful in its central conceit of trying to appear as a single continuous take. the whooshing horizontal camera pans are a cheap and unoriginal way of hiding cuts.

oh dear, this movie was bad for various reasons. i was expecting to see a very low score for this film and was a bit surprised by the over-all score.sorry, but to rate this highly as many have, is a joke! once you get past the one shot/black and white movie gimmick, which was a nice idea, the movie drags on, even at a run time of only 66 minutes. the credits sequence at the start was so annoying too!in the van the guys suffer a flat tyre and change the wheel, wow, that was needed in the story! how slow were the guys chasing and actually managing to wound campbell?? they did not seem to bother continue chasing him...sigh..i am only too glad i got this free with a special edition of evil dead!!

nobody, but nobody, could chew the scenery like the divine one, ruth elizabeth davis, and "elizabeth and essex" is a great example why. although she overplays the part at times, watch her when she gawfs about raliegh writing the lyrics to a song her ladies-in-waiting are about to play: in that one moment, she makes us understand how elizabeth was able to rule and rule absolutely! at other times, she is done in by the script's sappiness. when elizabeth has to be vulnerable, she comes off as weak and shrewish. this has the added effect of undermining her authority: when she blows her stack and threatens to dispense justice, it's hard to take her seriously.flynn exudes charm, making us see how essex was able to worm his way into elizabeth's heart, but he is totally inept at conveying the complexity and sheer evil of the man. it also doesn't help that essex is badly underwritten. why is he this hothead who wants to overthrow his queen - even as he swears fidelity to her - except only that he is more blue-blooded, thus, more "worthy" of rule? and why does raliegh betray elizabeth by intercepting her and essex's letters? he's in no risk of falling out of favor, and we know where essex (and his head) is headed. so why does he risk his own head by speeding up the inevitable?what did curtiz do with all the $$$ he was given? he doesn't even bother to try to hide the fact that his battle scenes are shot on a sound stage. he should've ended it with elizabeth the first time alone at the tower; everything else that follows (especially the final scene between her and essex) is unnecessary. the costumes are fantastic. and is it me, or does bette look exactly like susan sarandon?

there's not much to say about this one. gammera is some kind of fire breathing turtle. he is loosed by a nuclear explosion. he heads for land and begins to destroy building and tanks and other junk (oh yeah, power lines. i almost forgot). at one time, early in the film, he befriends a little boy, and instead of just throwing him away, or squashing him, he places him down on the ground. safe. from then on we have to watch this chubby faced little twerp show up and run away, show up and run away, show up and run away. for some reason, gammera is able to hear this kid from 20,000 feet away. oh, well, the plot is to try to get gammera to get to a place where he can be put on board a rocket and shot into space. as usual, the monster is lumbering and uncoordinated (a guy in a gammera suit). the japanese army (with the help of americans), uses up enough ammunition and fire power to solve the national debt, and, of course, it does no good. they should know this anyway. we've seen a lot of monsters stomp on tokyo. not to put these down because they can be fun, but it's really not very good.

this "clever" film was originally a japanese film. and while i assume that original film was pretty bad, it was made a good bit worse when american-international films hacked the film to pieces and inserted american-made segments to fool the audience. now unless your audience is made of total idiots, it becomes painfully obvious that this was done--and done with little finesse or care about the final product. the bottom line is that you have a lot of clearly japanese scenes and then clearly american scenes where the film looks quite different. plus, the american scenes really are meaningless and consist of two different groups of people at meetings just talking about gamera--the evil flying turtle! and although this is a fire-breathing, flying and destructive monster, there is practically no energy because i assume the actors were just embarrassed by being in this wretched film--in particular, film veterans brian donlevy and albert dekker. they both just looked tired and ill-at-ease for being there.now as for the monster, it's not quite the standard godzilla-like creature. seeing a giant fanged turtle retract his head and limbs and begin spinning through the air like a missile is hilarious. on the other hand, the crappy model planes, destructible balsa buildings and power plant are, as usual, in this film and come as no surprise. plus an odd japanese monster movie cliché is included that will frankly annoy most non-japanese audience members, and that is the "adorable and precocious little boy who loves the monster and believes in him". yeah, right. well, just like in godzilla versus the smog monster and several other films, you've got this annoying creep cheering on the monster, though unlike later incarnations of godzilla, gamera is not a good guy and it turns out in the end the kid is just an idiot! silly, exceptional poor special effects that could be done better by the average seven year-old, bad acting, meaningless american clips and occasionally horrid voice dubbing make this a wretched film. oddly, while most will surely hate this film (and that stupid kid), there is a small and very vocal minority that love these films and compare them to bergman and kurosawa. don't believe them--this is a terrible film!fyi--apparently due to his terrific stage presence, gamera was featured in several more films in the 60s as well as some recent incarnations. none of these change the central fact that he is a fire-breathing flying turtle or that the movies are really, really lame.

flame in, flame out. that seems to be gammera in a nutshell, a prehistoric creature who can take it and dish it out with equal abandon. i'm not a fan of japanese monster films, but wound up committed to viewing all the flicks on the fifty film dvd sci-fi collection put out by mill creek/treeline films. it's a great value at about twenty five bucks, so at fifty cents per movie, it really boils down to an investment in time to watch some of the goofy offerings.gammera is riled from a centuries long slumber by a nuclear blast, and he's not happy. like godzilla, he takes it out on tokyo, setting the united nations into motion to try and come up with a plan to save the planet. they arrive at 'plan z', the hope of the world, and wouldn't you know it, there's a scene where a huge shed is shown that's called the 'z plan' building; that was a nice touch.by the mid 1960's, this country still wasn't quite politically correct. one of the american military scenes at the alaskan air defense sector has general arnold asking a female sergeant to make coffee. i guess there weren't any privates around.good old gammera was quite the sight though, walking around on two legs and going for the flame throwing routine when challenged. that's why it surprised me how plan z managed to capture turtle man in the nose cone of a hidden space ship, whisking him off to mars to save the world. high fives all around for the american and russian team that made the save, now let's get back to the cold war.like godzilla, gammera spawned at least a good dozen films, but having seen this one pretty much satisfies my interest in flying, flaming turtles. especially since that dvd pack i mentioned earlier has "attack of the monsters" with a featured guest appearance by the big g. it took all i had to make it through to the end of both films; it was such a relief to get to the final frame in this one that said 'gammera, sayonara!"

we now travel to a parallel universe where the appearance of giant prehistoric monsters flattening cities are part of the daily routine. it's the world of godzilla, rodan, mothra ghidrah and their kind - a strange world, and one made even stranger by the appearance of an unidentified flying turtle called gamera.forever in the shadow of the monolithic toho studios, second rung daiei studios were more famous for samurai sagas than monster movies. in the mid 60s they decided to join the giant reptile race and designed a rival monster series to toho's mammothly successful godzilla. they wisely chose gamera as their flagship - a giant turtle that shoots flames from between its snaggle-teeth, and spins through the air by shooting flames through its shell's feet-holes (and at one point you almost see the paper mache shell catch fire!).the first gamera film "gamera the invincible" (as it was sold to the us) is a virtual mirror of the first godzilla film, only 10 years behind. american fighters chase an unmarked plane over the arctic to its fiery demise - the nuclear bomb on board ignites and awakens the giant gamera from its icy slumber. feeding off atomic energy, it immediately goes on a rampage, and the world wants to destroy gamera once and for all, but a little japanese boy named kenny, who has a psychic connection with the giant turtle and even keeps a miniature version in an aquarium by his bedside, believes gamera is essentially kind and benevolent. he's like a little jewish kid with a pinup of hitler. "gamera is a good turtle," he pleads, then sulks, and puts on a face like someone's pooped in his coco pops. miraculously the world's leaders listen to him, and so begins z-plan to save the world and gamera from complete destruction.released in 1965, gamera was a surprising hit. the annoying infantile anthropomorphism actually worked on kiddie audiences in both japan and the us, and the sight of gamera on two feet stomping miniatures of tokyo and the north pole is gloriously chintzy. most surprising of all is the longevity of the series: eight original gamera films, plus a slew of recent remakes. not bad for a mutant reptile whose only friend is mewing eight year old milquetoast - and if i hear "gamera is friends to all children" one more time i'm going to crush tokyo. which appears to be an easy task in the parallel universe where children are smart and turtles are bigger than a seiko billboard in the 1965 turtle-fest gamera.

with the rising popularity of the now iconic godzilla series, like with any hit cinema event, there was inevitably going to be a crowd of imitators trying to cash in on the success on the big lizard. with godzilla came the dawn of a rising popularity of the kaiju (giant monster) genre. many sought after success; a few gained it. one of the few that not only profited, but garnered popularity was gamera, a giant turtle that could breathe fire in and out and fly by spewing flames from the sockets in his carapace as a means of jet propulsion. but unlike godzilla, gamera was marketed as a friend to all children, later fighting other monsters to save kids in peril, and thus gamera became very popular amongst the kiddies. unfortunately, that's about the only audience mainstream that the original gamera series will have any appeal to. while the new gamera movies directed by shusuke kaneko are marvelous, revolutionary monster movies, the original series, including the original, is nothing special.the first gamera movie, titled in japan as "the giant monster gamera" was clearly a godzilla want-to-be. even though the movie was produced in the era of color films, it was shot in black-and-white. why? to imitate the first godzilla movie from the 1950s. gamera also attacks tokyo. because godzilla attacked tokyo in the first movie. i don't know much about the japanese version, for the version i am familiar with the americanized version, where scenes were cut and new footage with american actors were inserted (is it coincidence that the same thing happened with the first godzilla film?) now whether this adds or takes away from the film, i cannot say. but "gammera the invincible" is really nothing more than a ponderous bore that just plods along like the big turtle himself."gammera the invincible" is a very routine-orientated movie. the characters are from a stock of science-fiction standards, the story is inane, the monster has no real motive for attacking civilization, the acting is laughable, and so on and so forth. the only thing that differentiates it from the godzilla series is the ending of the movie, but that's also a detractor since the plan that eventually halts gamera's rampage is completely phony and ridiculous. now the rest of the movie and many other entries in this genre also fit that description, but this is a direfully stodgy monster movie.and although shusuke kaneko would later transform gamera into an interesting monster with his trilogy in the 1990s, in the original series, gamera was not an attractive screen presence. he was neither scary nor sympathetic. he just waddles around like a toddler, swaying with each step, and knocks miniature sets over. as usual, everybody wants to destroy gamera except for a little kid (yoshio uchida who was lazily left out of the credits though he plays a 'central' role) who thinks gamera is a nice turtle.most movies in the genre that "gammera the invincible" is a part of are easy targets for criticism and this one is subject to extra pressure. even in the company of many other godzilla-imitators, this gamera film is not a particularly good entry. and as far as my cinema experience goes, the rest of the movies in the series are either just as boring or worse. like godzilla, gamera would be filmed in color and go on to fight monsters. and like godzilla, he'd get cheaper and cheaper with every film until it was time to revive the series and make him serious again.it's peculiar. usually i recommend people to stick with the originals and pass on the remakes. but in the case of gamera, my verdict is just the opposite. i strongly encourage people to watch the 1990s gamera trilogy directed by shusuke kaneko and to skip over the original series unless interested. the new films are inventive, well-made, exciting, and above all, fun. the original series is a long stream of boredom.

"after the atomic bombs carried by a shot-down soviet bomber explode in the arctic, the creature 'gammera' is released from his hibernation. the giant prehistoric turtle proceeds on a path to tokyo and destroys anything in his path. the military and the scientific community rush to find a means to stop this monster before tokyo is laid to waste," according to the dvd sleeve's synopsis. the re-produced for american audiences version of this, the first film in the "gamera" series, adds english language material that is even funnier than the regularly dubbed japanese fare. clearly, the monster is following in the footsteps of "godzilla". taking his cue from abc's faddish "batman!" tv series, musician wes farrell's ludicrous theme song heightens the us version's camp appeal.*** gammera the invincible (12/15/66) sandy howard, noriaki yuasa ~ dick o'neill, brian donlevy, albert dekker, john baragrey

what's that there in the skies? is it a plane? is it superman?? errr, no it's a turtle!?! see, that's what becomes of the cold war! nothing but bad news and other issues! the americans shoot down a russian combat plane somewhere over artic territory and the subsequent explosion defrosts & literally awakens the giant prehistoric turtle-creature named gammera. he/she is not a very friendly critter as it promptly ensues to destroy everything and everyone on its path. the arguing governments finally decide to kill the ugly bastard with a brand new and super-sophisticated ice-bomb, but gammera has another surprise in store the damn turtle can fly! the first time this happens results in a tremendously grotesque and hilarious sequence! gammera lies on his back looking defeated when suddenly fire blows from his armpits and he skyrockets himself up in the air. how can you not love that? then there's also a dire sub plot about an annoying kid who's able to telepathically communicate with the monster, but that's just not interesting enough. flying turtle, people!! there's very little else to write about this japanese (and american re-edited) sci-fi effort, apart from that it's an obvious and totally shameless rip-off of such classics like the original godzilla and the beast from 20.000 fathoms. the effects and monster designs are extremely hokey and, unlike the aforementioned films, it never succeeds in creating an apocalyptic ambiance. respectable actors like brian donlevy ("the quatermass experiment") and dick o'neill ("wolfen") seem unaware of what film set they're on and even the original japanese mayhem-scenes aren't very convincing. gammera's very own and personalized theme-song is rather cool, though, so it gets one extra point for that.

the original 1965 japanese film "gamera" http://pro.imdb.com/title/tt0059080/ was essentially an updating of the darker, less kid-oriented gojira (godzilla)for 1960s sensibilities. gamera, of course, is a giant, flying, flame-throwing turtle who literally consumes energy - not quite as big as some versions of godzilla, but generally similar in most ways. this version of the original film was edited and recut by the notorious sandy frank. and just like the americanized version of godzilla ("godzilla king of the monsters"), "gammera the invincible" gets more than just the spelling wrong. the american scenes are not nearly as ludicrous and annoying as those added to the great gojira, but don't really add much to the story either because there is little follow up on them. the film starts off promising, there are a few scenes worth of character development, and there are enough personalities to create some tension outside of the main plot. once gamera appears, however, the film begins to descend into a fairly run-of-the mill kaiju film.the acting is good enough- even the american add-ons are ok. the directing is pretty good for this period and genre, and the special effects are not bad at all for their time (all miniatures). some of the sets and backdrops are actually very good. the biggest problem here, of course, is that there is little to nothing original about this film. gamera, however, develops a much more unique personality in his later films - most of which are worth watching if you are a kaiju fan.

this movie was in a sci-fi 50-pack a friend of mine got me for christmas. it is very similar to the first gozilla movie, and like that movie, has scenes with american actors inserted for no real reason. one interesting thing about the inserted scenes is that there's a cold war tension portrayed between america and russia. like in godzilla, gamera is awakened by an atomic explosion and rampages across the world, paying close attention to tokyo because no big monster movie is complete unless tokyo bites it. all in all, this is an okay movie. some of the scenes involving gamera, particularly the scenes in toly, are quite spectacular and have special effects that were pretty decent at the time. if you like japanese giant monster movies, you'll really get a kick out of this one. i give it a 4 out of 10. had this been the unedited japanese version that i watched, it probably would've gotten a 5.

murders are occurring in a texas desert town. who is responsible? slight novelties of mystery and racial tensions (the latter really doesn't fit), but otherwise strictly for slasher fans, who will appreciate the gore and nudity, which are two conventional elements for these films.dana kimmell (of friday the 13th part 3 infamy) stars as the bratty quasi-detective teen.*1/2 out of ****mpaa: rated r for violence and gore, nudity, and some language.

i am very surprised to see such a high rating for this film, and of the few reviews that there are to be positive. i saw the movie and was pretty dissapointed. i didn't find it very enjoyable at all. it was slow, and lacks the entertainment value. even the murder scenes are lackluster, with real close-up shots of generic stabbings that don't look good at all. and the supposed great twist ending is really not much, i did see it coming, and then the ending just seemed cliche. this movie may not get much mention, but by the little that it does get, it is overrated. i would not recommend this movie.

melissa's sixteenth birthday is right around the corner and she's just discovering her sexuality with boys. but it turns out that all the guys that she spends time with all wind up murdered in this generic '80's slasher film. it's up to the local town sheriff dan burke (bo hopkins, the wild bunch) and his annoying mystery-loving goody two-shoes daughter, marci (dana kimmell, friday the 13th part 3), to get to the bottom of these killings.this film focuses more on the mystery and melodrama aspects of the movie and less on the killings themselves and thus is able to differentiate itself from a lot of it's '80's slasher brethren. it doesn't hurt that alesia has a great body (i feel the need to stress the obvious with stating that the actress is over 18 and thus convey that i'm not overly perverted). on the downside, the movie is hampered with a few plot points that are underdeveloped and unnecessary, a grating theme some that is used a bit too often, and an ending that is a tad anti-climatic. but the good outweigh the bad (barely). give this a rent, but i wouldn't buy it.eye candy: aleisa shirley shows her tits, bush and ass my grade: c code red dvd extras: an intro by star aleisa shirley and director of intruder, scott spiegel; both director's cut & theatrical version of the film; audio conversation with star shirley and director jim sotos; interview with shirley, sotos & bo hopkins; still gallery; theatrical trailer for this film; and trailers for nightmare, stunt rock, rituals, & balalaika conspiracy

sweet sixteen (1983) **/***** 86 minutes director jim sotos cast bo hopkins, susan strasberg, aleisa shirley, patrick macnee, dana kimmellfifteen year old bad girl melissa is new in a desert town and it isn't long before folks around her start dying off. the detective has to put together the clues with the help of his nancy drew good girl daughter played by friday the 13th alumni dana kimmell. the local native americans are prime suspects since they seem to upset the prejudiced townsfolk. these events all lead up to the revealing of the killer at melissa's sixteenth birthday party.this below average slasher isn't too memorable. it has a made for tv feel, without much score besides the title character's own corny theme song which plays a couple times throughout. lines like "the killer will turn us into coleslaw." fit into standard eighties slasher screenplays. marci calls melissa a bad name then somehow immediately they develop a friendship. apparently marci sees how hard it is to fit in because melissa knows how to wear make-up. this movie would be hard-pressed to be made today with the main character being fifteen and the director inserting multiple gratuitous close-ups of her. the social commentary on indians wasn't developed enough to be taken seriously. i am too surprised at the fairly high rating this movie gets. both sweet sixteen and ed hunt's bloody birthday had the potential to capitalize on that time honored tradition of the birthday party to create an intense sequence of carnage but i feel failed to deliver. but on the bright side releasing obscure movies like this on dvd gives hope that others will follow.

plot = melissa is a new girl in town, she's fifteen years old and her birthday is coming up in one week. since melissa is beautiful, every boy in town wants to hook up with her, but the few that manage to catch her interest mysteriously die.to be honest the real reason i wanted to watch this film is because dana kimmel of friday the 13th pt 3 was in it which isn't a proper reason why to rush out and see a movie. when i started watching it i realized that "sweet sixteen" isn't a very good slasher, it's really dull and boring and just doesn't go anywhere. after over an hour, only three murders have occurred and the story hasn't really developed in any possible way.the movie is nicely shot with quite nice photography and good directing but just as with many other slasher flicks from the 80s, the movie suffers from being too dark at times. the acting is actually pretty good though and melissa's character is easy to sympathize with, even though she's a complete slut.the story line isn't completely rubbish but it's just way too dull to keep you interested, the only things that kept me interested was melissa she was stunning and dana kimmel whose really sweet and cute in this movie.all in all pretty dull slasher flick that doesn't go anywhere i'd definitely wouldn't recommend it to slasher fans.

did anybody succeed in getting in this movie?it's a total mess to me: a vague historical/sentimental context instead of a plot, a pretentious imagery as mise en scene and it lasts two hours!shame on those who wasted money here.

rex reed once said of a movie ("julia and julia" to be specific) that it looked like it was shot through pomegranate juice. i was reminded of that as i snored through purple butterfly. this one appeared to be shot through gauze.the story was boring and it was not helped that for large portions of scenes actors' faces were literally out of focus or would only come into focus after extended periods of time. also, everyone looked the same so it was hard to distinguish among the characters. i call this the "dead poets society" syndrome.there was nobody to care about, nobody to become interested in dramatically, and the movie shed no historical light on a very interesting period of time and set of circumstances.a total disappointment.

i read comments about this being the best chinese movie ever. perhaps if the only chinese movies you've seen contained no dialogue, long drawn-out far-away stares and silences, and hack editing, then you're spot on.complicated story-line? hardly. try juvenile and amateurish. exquisite moods and haunting memories? hardly. try flat-out boring and trite.this was awful. i could not wait for it to be over. particularly when the best lines in the movie consist of "how are you? i'm fine. are you sure? yes." wow! what depth of character. i guess the incessant cigarette smoking was supposed to speak for them.as a huge fan of many chinese, japanese and korean films, i was totally disappointed in this. even zhang's sentimentally sappy "the road home" was better than this.

ye lou's film purple butterfly pits a secret organization (purple butterfly) against the japanese forces in war torn shanghai. ding hui (zhang ziyi) and her ex-lover hidehiko itami (toru nakamura) find themselves on opposite sides of the conflict after a chance meeting.i agree with the reviewer from paris. the film substitutes a convoluted, semi-historical conflict for a plot, without giving the audience a single reason to care about the characters or their causes. the sudden time shifting doesn't help matters as it appears completely unwarranted and pointless. normally i don't mind dark movies, but the absence of light, the bone-jarringly shaky camera footage, and the generally bad film-making techniques really make this a tough film to watch and stay interested in. i also agree with the viewer from georgia that this film "has a chaotic editing style and claustrophobic cinematography", but i don't think that helps the movie. the backdrop to the film is one of the most potent events of the 20th century, and i don't believe you can do it any justice by editing it as if it were a michael bay film. the overly melodramatic moments don't add to its watchability.the actors are all suitably melancholy. zhang ziyi once again shows that she has an exceptionally limited acting range as she spends the entire movie doing what she seems to do best in all her films, brooding and looking generally annoyed. however, at least she adds some variety to this role by chainsmoking and engaging in the worst love-making scene since michael biehn and linda hamilton in the terminator.all in all, a very disappointing film, especially seeing as how it comes from the director of suzhou he. 2/10

the main complaint with this film is the fact that i can not tell who is who. no racism intended, but these asians look all the same! i can tell somewhat of the story, but heck thats about as far as it goes. the peoples identities are not a mystery, if they were a mystery i would care about them. instead i wasn't them off the screen asap.tons of wide shots and silent emotionless faces occupy this movie. heck is it boring, not only do i not know these people, but they are just sitting there.the production is typical chinese john woo, terrible video with blotched scenes. this looks only slightly better than andy lau's "fulltime killer" (which was a great movie.) you would think with a decent budget they could at least make it look like 90s hollywood. i didn't know the chinese had these art-house beatniks.

i am a huge ziyi zhang fan and will go to any film to see her which is what took me to purple butterfly. as much as i wanted to like this movie, i have to agree with many others who have commented on it. it is very confusing and also extremely slow. because all of the film appears to have been shot with a hand held camera, significant portions of it are out of focus. the film has very little dialog and what there is doesn't tell you much. there are endless scenes of people just standing around smoking cigarettes or sitting in a room staring at each other with no conversation. the way the film time shifts is also very confusing and hard to follow. even having read a number of reviews beforehand and having a general idea what the film was about, i still had a difficult time understanding what was going on. i knew beforehand that the movie was not remotely similar to previous ziyi zhang starring films but was looking forward to seeing her in something different but unfortunately i was ultimately disappointed. she never smiles in this film although admittedly most of the time she doesn't have anything to smile about. i could have done without the sex scenes as they were about as sexless and without any obvious feeling between the participants as you could hope to find.

i was looking forward to seeing this movie after reading a positive review in the new york times. in addition, i'm also shanghainese so there was more than just a passing interest in the subject matter. however, after watching it, i was extremely disappointed.the movie's pace was excruciatingly slow and monotonous. the director lingered on certain scenes for much too long. there was no passion or chemistry between the lovers. there was barely any dialogue. dialogue was sorely needed to compensate for the lack of acting. at the end of the movie, you didn't feel any compassion for the characters. this movie was lacking in everything. the script was weak, the acting was poor, and the editing was non-existent. the director tried to emulate certain noir film styles but failed miserably. a good movie is one in which captures your attention, maintains it and is successful in concluding without you feeling time has passed by. this movie felt as though it would never end. don't waste your money on this movie.

claustrophobic camera angles that do not help the movie: too long face only shots where you most of the time get the feeling that the lower half of the film is missing (that the screen is cut off), because there seems to be important actions going on, but you cannot see them. there is anyway already too much confusion in the movie, so these viewing angles make it worse and do not contribute to artful visuals. i like artfully made movies and unconventional camera work. i can handle deep and slow movies. but this one is trying too hard to be something artful and fails in my opinion painfully.nothing to get attached to, to any of the characters, because they are not worked out well enough. to work out characters more is needed, than just minute long face shots, at least with this set of script+director+actors.i wonder whether some of the not so good acting is due to the script and director or due to the actors. i will stay away from films both written and directed by le you for sure in the future. what an annoying film even for someone who would be interested in that part of history, and for someone who spent time in shanghai.

lethargic direction ruins an otherwise compelling period story that stars the wondrous zhang ziyi, in an excellent role as a woman who joins an extremist group in 1928 china, just prior to the japanese invasion of manchuria, and reunites with a former lover who is now working for japan. every bit of drama and forward motion of the story is sucked dry by director ye lou's somnambulist directorial style. characters stand still staring at each other for long minutes, saying nothing, hand-held cameras hold forever on faces showing interminable reactions way longer than they need to, edits repeat the same reaction is triple redundancy. we know nothing about the characters as the story begins and are given little new information as the story progresses, only silence and static shots of lovers who don't speak, who interaction through silent dances but share no apparent emotional intimacy. a very sleep inducing film.

i wasn't really going to comment, but then i figured i had something to say. i saw this film two days ago and, although i think it's not a complete waste of time (it might have been of money though, for the producers), it's obvious it has serious problems. it's got really good cinematography and (little but) nice music. a lot has been said about ana cristina oliveira but, let's be honest, over what? she is not really an actress an she balances permanently between over-acting and preposterous under-acting. her performance passes for good because there has never been anyone like odete in any other film: crazy? sad? childlike? an impostor? no one knows, fellows. so she's kinda sorta dictating the rules here.i thought this film was also a good example of the problem most portuguese films suffer from: soundtrack. there is a permanent no to dubbing and the result is this usual mass of noise that comes out of the blue. people in other countries may think portugal is the noisiest of places. what thrilled me though, was that some of the dialog was dubbed but it didn't necessarily solve the syndrome. bad dubbing too, i must say. it's strange to watch a film in which the first thing that strikes my mind on the first scene, when the first character speaks is: it's dubbed. and all this to say that the film has technical problems.it also has script problems. it tries to be classical from the first to the last scene. there was a desperate fear of leaving things suspended and that shows. the writer was obviously trying to get everything straight and he does but... it shows!! all dialog is too expositive and there isn't one single piece of talk that sounds like a line from a film. it's all a little raw and slightly unpleasant.not that the film is a total mess, i must stress. i just think the good parts are so obvious that i prefer to concentrate on the bad ones.direction brings little to the weak screenplay. all shots are classical and un-innovative, but their beautiful. great work from rui poças, by the way.now, what i think was the problem, the one that keeps people from believing this story and laugh throughout the film instead of taking it seriously: the guy who plays the guy who dies is obviously not an actor. actually, it's a rather important role and i can't see why non-actors are cast for such parts. this guy is neither an actor nor a good-looking man. which means the whole film rolls down the mountain, since we never believe for one second that this gorgeous woman is obsessed with him even though he's gone, and that his hunky lover who survives is actually having a bad time getting over the loss, when all we see of this character is apathy. too bad. the world is full of beautiful people who even happen to be nice seductive lovers. the world is full of good actors who are also cute boys and capable of causing obsessions on people after they's gone. the world is full of great films and also of not that great films. c'est la vie!

i tried. i really did. i thought that maybe, if i gave joao pedro rodrigues another chance, i could enjoy his movie. i know that after seeing o fantasma i felt ill and nearly disgusted to the core, but some of the reviews were quite good and in favor, so i was like, "what the hell. at least you didn't pay 10 dollars at the quad. give it a shot."sometimes it's better to go to your dentist and ask for a root canal without any previous anesthetic to alleviate the horror of so much pain. i often wonder if it wouldn't be better to go back to my childhood and demand my former bullies to really let me have it. on other occasions, i often think that the world is really flat and that if i sail away far enough, i will not only get away from it all, but fall clear over, and that some evil, lovecraftian thing will snatch me with its 9000 tentacles and squeeze the life -- and some french fries from 1995, still lingering inside my esophagus -- out of me.is there a reason for odete? i'd say not at all... just that maybe her creator thought that writing a story centered on her madness (one that makes alex forrest look like strawberry shortcake) look not only creepy, but flat-out sick to the bone. she first of all decides to leave her present boyfriend (in shrieking hysterics) because she wants a child and he believes they're too young. she later crashes a funeral of a gay man, and -- get this -- in order to get closer to him, she feigns being pregnant while insinuating herself into the lives of the dead man's mother and lover in the sickest of ways. oh, of course, she shrieks like a banshee and throws herself not one, but a good three times on his grave. and there's this ridiculous business that she progressively becomes "pedro" which sums up some weak-as-bad-tea explanation that love knows no gender. or something.i'd say she's as nuts as a can of cashews, unsalted. but then again, so's the director. and me, for taking a chance on this. at least the men look good. other than that... not much else to see here.

a group of us watched this film are were really disgusted. we were willing to forgive the fact that our favorite character jo wasn't on (it's not like the writers/producers could do anything about that). the writing was poor, the script was sub-par. what really annoyed us: 1. when the two guys realized they were both dating natalie, they didn't just leave they put up with that stupid (and ultimately degrading) contest - but only because they were macho competing guys, not because they really wanted natalie. 2. despite being unable to choose between the two guys before the reunion, natalie suddenly decides that she really loves one of the guys and is now ready to marry him? (and there was no foreshadowing that he was really a better guy, it's as if the writers flipped a coin and then just had her spit it out at some convenient point in the film). 3. blair makes a point of talking about how she does not want children and then all of a sudden when her husband says he wants to have children, she blissfully agrees with him.

this movie begins with an ordinary funeral... and it insists so hard on this ordinary funeral feel that i lost interest within 5 minutes of watching, and started skipping scenes. it seems to me whomever made this movie is afflicted to the extent of becoming trapped in a permanent morbid trance, unable to contemplate anything else but death and destruction. well, i ain't one of the dark kids from southpark, i want a movie that within 10 minutes gets me well into an interesting story, i won't sit and watch 10 minutes of nothing but preparations for a funeral.. my grandma on her last years was fascinated by funerals, perhaps she might have enjoyed this "movie".

this is a dry and sterile feature filming on one of most interesting events in wwii and in history of warfare behind the front line. bad drama composition is worst about this film as plot on killing hitler suppose to be pretty dramatic event. there is no character development at all and idea that tom cruise suppose to play a high rank commander that questions his deepest inner thoughts on patriotism and treason is completely insane. i believe that mister bin would play it better. generally speaking, film pretty much looks as a cheep copy of good german tv movie "stauffenberg" from 2004, but can't get close to that film regarding any movie aspect whatsoever. however, movie obviously gets its financial goal with pop-corn audience that cherishes hollywood fast-mood blood and shallow art values.

a singularly unfunny musical comedy that artificially tries to marry the then-cutting edge rock 'n' roll explosion with the middle-class sensibilities of a suburban sitcom. the result is a jarringly dated mish-mash that will satisfy none of the audience that went for the music, but will at least keep their parents sated.a quick glance at the promo write-up on the back of the video release should give some idea of the content. tom ewell is a drunken agent, overplayed with so little comic ability you almost expect him to bellow "hi honey, i'm home!" the blurb sites him as "so funny in 'the 7 year itch'". it sounds almost like an excuse. what other film would sell itself on the fact that a leading player was good in something else? it reads like "so funny in 'the 7 year itch' ... but he's rubbish in this".mansfield, a beautiful girl with rumoured 50-inch assets, is, unfortunately, a bargain basement monroe with all the acting ability and comic timing of a rotting haddock. her wooden delivery combined with ewell's ott double-takes make this a comedy partnership from hell. for her part, the sell gives us: "[jayne mansfield] whose more obvious talents are the cause of many of the film's biggest laughs!" as you can see, a movie sold on the idea that it's lead has a big chest is not the most sophisticated of things. most of this "humour" is men literally falling over themselves, their glasses cracking upon site of mansfield, etc. only the freudian nightmare of a milk bottle overflowing casts doubt upon its "u" certificate.for the musical side, the most adenine of players are chosen. would you really care to see eddie fontaine offer: "i love your eyes, i love your lips, they taste even better than potato chips" in a song called "cool it, baby"? only the incendiary little richard breaks out of the mor, though is forced to sing some of his more dad-friendly songs in a four-minute sequence. and how come all the acts sing without a single microphone? attempted satires on the industry are broad and childlike in their conception.technically, the picture was quite advanced, with special effects (including a ghost-like julie london) and deluxe color (which now looks flat and artificial. in fact, with its reds that bleed and fake-looking flesh tones, it resembles a colorised movie). direction, though, isn't outstanding, and the sound quality is also quite poor.perhaps it comes down to it being so old. a time when men still smoked on screen, sickeningly cute child actors made adult remarks and black servants only got to cook and dance. (all of which happen here). yet some like it hot, the african queen, ben hur and many, many more stand as examples of films from the period that can still be enjoyed today, so the "good at the time" argument doesn't really stand up. at its heart the girl can't help it is a cynical and patronising venture that doesn't bear close inspection. 4/10.

there are two kinds of 1950s musicals. first you have the glossy mgm productions with big names and great music. and then you have the minor league with a less famous cast, less famous music and second rate directors. 'the girl can't help it' belongs to the latter category. neither tom ewell or edmond o'brien became famous and jayne mansfield was famous for her... well, never mind. seems like every decade has its share of bo dereks or pamela andersons. the plot itself is thin as a razorblade and one can't help suspect that it is mostly an attempt to sell records for fats domino, little richard or others of the 1950s rock acts that appear in the movie. if that music appeals to you this is worth watching. if not, don't bother.

inventor wayne szalinsky (rick moranis) is preparing to donate his problematic shrinking/expanding machine to the smithsonian institution as he and his wife diane (eve gordon) get ready for a long weekend away from their son adam (bug hall). wayne's brother gordon (stuart pankin), his wife patty (robin bartlett), and his kids jenny (allison mack) and mitch (jake richardson) volunteer to look after adam while his parents are away, but as luck would have it (and the title would lead you to expect), the grown-ups are accidentally zapped by wayne's shrinking ray. as the kids run amok, their miniaturized folks must contend with monstrously huge insects, wrinkles in the carpet that look like canyons, and other threats to them. this was bad, like most straight to video sequels are, honey, we shrunk ourselves was sort of laughable. i had to laugh at that movie "roach" stuart pankin and the party bullies were even more ridiculous, view at own risk!

this straight-to-video duffer is another nail in the coffin of rick moranis's career. as is the disney tradition, quality is sacrificed in the name of a quick cash-in; this is a lazy retread with moranis accidentally shrinking himself and a few relatives so they can repeat all the best scenes from the original movie. instantly dated visual effects and crummy dialogue abound in this cheesy lamer, which did nothing but make me pine for the days of 'the incredible shrinking man', when this kind of thing was done properly. shockingly, this is directed by top cinematographer dean cundey, who should either stick to the day job or pick better material next time.

yes, talk about bad sequels. rick moranis stars in this awful third sequel to the once-funny-and-entertaining "honey i shrunk the kids". the concept basically plays the same way as the first film, but with the adults instead of the kids being shrunk and the inner house instead of the garden as the universe to explore. if you think this sounds interesting, think again. the movie is boring at best, right down an embarrassment at worst.first of all, the continuity of the series has been completely flushed down the toilet. the only remaining actor of the first movie is apparently rick moranis. the actress playing his wife has changed, the actors playing the kids have changed, the ones playing the neighbors have changed... you name it. they try to make us believe this is the same family, but the results are puzzling to say the least.second, the story is a rehash of the first one, with not one bit of originality. all the few jokes (and there's barely any) and the dangerous situations presented in the movie are just copied straight from "honey i shrunk the kids".third problem, the special effects. i'm sure this has been done on a smaller budget, but they are pathetic, way way worse than the ones appearing in the rest of the series. you're supposed to admire in awe these tiny figures exploring the huge domestic area, but you'll probably end up cringing most of the time.fourth problem, to locate the action inside the house is just boring. only few things happen, and when they happen, they are not thrilling at all. the first movie was amusing because the kids were dealing with nature, the grass, and the bugs that live in it. in this one, the adults (which come up as rather boring, compared to the kids) deal with dust, a cockroach and a cockroach trap. disgusting.i don't know why the idea of releasing such a trite sequel to the already moribund series appealed disney's executives, except maybe because they needed to cash in without spending five minutes thinking about something new. i'm warning you: leave this tasteless cash-in garbage where it should stay: getting dust on the shop's shelves.

if you liked the first two films, then i'm sorry to say you're not going to like this one. this is the really rubbish and unnecessary straight to video, probably tv made sequel. the still idiotic but nice scientist wayne szalinski (rick moranis) is still living with his family and he has his own company, szalinski inc. unfortunately his wife wants to get rid of a statue, wayne is so stupid he shrinks his statue and himself with his brother. then he shrinks his wife and sister-in-law too. now the adults have to find a way to get the kids of the house to get them bigger. pretty much a repeat of the other two with only one or two new things, e.g. a toy car roller coaster, swimming in dip, etc. pretty poor!

the honey, i shrunk the kids franchise was a huge deal and not to mention very famous. i loved honey, i shrunk the kids when i was little. it was an original story and had such an exciting plot! the sets were so amazing and the cast seemed like they enjoyed each other's company. now honey, i blew up the kid was pretty stupid, so i think they wanted to go back to the story that everyone loved.basically, adam is a little more grown up now and the mom's are going on vacation to leave their husbands with their children. but when wayne's favorite item is threatened for the garbage, he wants to shrink it and keep it, but he and his brother get in the way. but when the wives come back after forgetting to give some meds to their son, they get caught in the machine as well, leaving the kids in the house alone!the plot is silly, but like i said, it was just a family film that i think some might get a kick out of. the original honey, i shrunk the kids is the best, i think everyone could agree. the third one wasn't so bad, i would recommend this one at least over honey, i blew up the kid movie, it was at least a little more fun.4/10

i had the "privilege" of attending a special screening of 'the absence of light' at a horror convention in ohio.first off, you know you're in trouble when the director introduces a film, saying: "now keep in mind, we didn't have much money..." not that no-budget films are bad, but when a filmmaker uses this as an excuse, the results are always poor. and there is no better example than this unwatchable sleep-fest. actually, 'absence of light' marks a first in the world of underground cinema: it's the only time i've seen a dream-cast of talented genre vets actually bore me. charismatic actors like david hess, tony todd and reggie banister randomly enter and exit the movie and prove to be every bit as uninteresting as the amateurish no-names. who are their characters? what are they talking about? who cares? it's all so dull, you'll cease to care about anything or anyone.after thirty minutes of this endurance test, i gave up and walked out of the theater. not surprisingly, so did most of the cast members in attendance. any curious genre fans would do well to stay away from this. with a little luck, this movie won't ever see the "light" of day.

absence of a good plot, absence of decent acting, absence of good cinematography, absence of decent looking special effects...need i go on? review may contain spoilers. the actors appear to be reading their lines, and not very well at that. most of the "actors" were acting like they were in a second grade play. the story appeared to have been written by one of the aforementioned second graders...it's not really all that convoluted...it's just so simple and dumb, that a person thinks they must be missing something so they think it is convoluted. nope it's not, it's exactly as simple as you think it is. i understood the "film", that's how i know that it stunk! most of the film just had people sitting around talking(reading their lines), trying to look sinister. the narrator was annoying. the "special effects" were laughable. i love low budget movies. i also like carolyn munro, tom savini, jack scarry, and michael berrymore...just not in this movie...you can tell they weren't getting paid, or weren't getting paid much, because neither their hearts nor their talents were in it. i love tony todd...however, he was only adequate in this movie. in fact, tony todd's performance is the only reason i gave it 3 stars instead of 1...and tony was only in it for a whole two minutes (seriously)! i would suggest to fast forward the dvd to the two minute tony todd segment. if i had gone to the theater, and paid more than a dollar to see this "film" i would have been p.o.'d and demanded my money back. hopefully the people who made this will do better next time.

now i don't hate cheap movies. i just don't see why you should waste any money for a movie you could shoot with your dad's camcorder. if i rent a movie, i want it to be a movie, not a bunch of people thinking it would be a good idea to waste some minidv - tapes.maybe i hate this one so much because the guy in the video store said it was great, and it wasn't. maybe i hate it because it's cheap, has the dumbest plot ever, the most unrealistic characters ever and the really, really, really worst showdown in the history of films ever. even tom savini can't save this.seriously, this one is a complete waste of time.

i am sorry to say that this film is indeed bad. it reminds me of a c-grade porn movie with one major difference: no porn.the story and dialogue needs a complete overhaul. maybe then the bad acting would not have been as noticeable. at the very least, the pacing should have been picked up.while i accept that this had a low budget and the director did a good job visually given what little resources he had, he should have spent more time on the story or better yet, get someone else to write it. many of the action scenes were just pointless.it was a complete waste of my time.

i don't know where to begin. this movie feels a lot like one of those cheap saturday morning kids shows that they used to make back in the late eighties early nineties. sort of like captain power or the power rangers. it's full of bad digital overlays and really cheesy sounding "secret agencies" and villains.the acting is so bad that it's not even funny. the direction is terrible and there is little to now continuity. it seems as if someone just threw a bunch of scenes together and forgot that there was supposed to be a plot.perhaps one of the most ridiculous scenes in the movie comes early on, when several villains plant an explosive device in an agents car. for some reason, even though the device is clearly stated as being "remote detonated" the bad guys decide to chase her down on their motorcycles as she drives away. this chase carries on. all the while with the bad guys doing ludicrous and completely pointless bike stunts. standing up on the bikes, doing wheelies and so on. at one point, a crash happens and one of the attackers is thrown from his bike, we see the bike (clearly cgi) thrown over the agents car but the rider has vanished. then, a few seconds later the rider and bike return...apparently unscathed by the crash. at this point even though the car has an explosive device planted in it, the attackers choose to shoot the agent while driving past, then blow up her car. which was also clearly done with cgi. sound confusing? it is, and so is the rest of the movie.i might point out that when i say cgi, we aren't talking about lord of the rings type cgi here. we're talking the cheap cheesy power rangers type cgi, actually i think it would have been done better on power rangers.why savini and todd did this movie i will never know, i can only assume they did for money, as a favor to someone or because they were blackmailed into it...probably the last one.

it's obvious that all of the good reviews posted for this movie so far are from insiders who were either involved with the film or who know somebody who knows somebody and have thus seen multiple cuts. well, i don't know anyone involved, and i've seen the final cut, and it is pure garbage. the only thing it has going for it is ambition and multiple cameos from horror legends (none on screen for terribly long). it's as if the filmmakers made this movie on a weekend during a horror convention and got actors like tony todd, tom savini, david hess and michael berryman to film scenes during their coffee breaks. this is an ultra-cheap, shot-on-video wannabe x-files with terrible acting from a cast of non-actors with more mullets than is acceptable in the 21st century. there is little or no action; it's all overly explanatory dialogue that attempts to explain a pointlessly convoluted plot. ther computer fx are a joke, but there aren't enough of them nor enough action to make this film enjoyable in a mst3k way. after about 8 straight scenes of nothing but talking, you'll find yourself reaching for the fast-forward button...and not letting go. absolutely worthless.

in a time when the constitution and principals the united states were founded on are trampled underfoot by an administration desperate to distract attention from its own internal problems, where the geneva convention, human rights and foreign sovereignty are unapologetically discarded, a thriller about the state taking illegal action that far exceeds that of the terrorists they are countering might seem appropriate. however, if you want to see a film about that, try ed zwick's flawed the siege instead, because nada is one of the most infantile 'political' thrillers ever made. like robert altman's pret-a-porter, the director has taken on a subject he seems completely ignorant of, and imprints his ignorance on almost every frame.his terrorists are a wildly unconvincing group of stereotypes - fabio testi dresses as if he were auditioning for mad magazine's 'spy vs. spy' strip, michel duchaussoy behaves like an absurd kids in the hall send up of the sociology professor from hell, mariangela melato a cardboard middle-class revolutionary wannabe - who behave at every unconvincing plot turn as if they want to be caught. the corrupt authorities fare a little better, but are still painted in unconvincingly broad strokes.it is possible to make a smart film about dumb people (cf election), but this is a moronic film about dumb people made by people who think they're intellectuals who are talking down to the masses. in truth, were one to recast testi, duchaussoy and melato with jim varney, johnny knoxville and shannon tweed, the result would actually be to raise the intellectual content of the film, not lower it.chabrol might just have got away with his characters and events if he took them seriously, but his staging is so inept (the fight scenes would embarrass a kindergarten class while the shooting of the kidnapping is more inept than the kidnapping itself) and his inability to get his cast to perform with at least some approximation of recognisable human behaviour so blatant that it is actually embarrassing to watch (special mention must be made here of duchaussoy: so very good in chabrol's que la bete muere, he is stunningly bad here in a performance that is so far over the top it's back again).chabrol has made some fine films, but you would never guess it from this amateurish mess - a newcomer to his work would never want to see another of his films after this, which would be a great shame. utter drivel, and a sad waste of a potentially interesting material. one star out of ten - and that's being very generous.

"nada" was the most inadequate follow-up to "les noces rouges" which,with hindsight,appears now as the last good movie of chabrol's golden era (1967-1973) "nada" is chabrol's first real attempt at a wholly political movie;its previous work "les noces rouges" had also political elements but it was more a psychological thriller with the usual look at society in french provinces."nada" includes terrorists,ambassador,hostage-taking,a lot of blood,not really chabrol's field.a heterogeneous cast gives the movie the coup de grâce :only duchaussoy,who had already played with the director ,and maurice garrel are up to scratch.viviane romance ,one of duvivier's actresses ("la belle equipe" "panique") ,is wasted as a madam (gabrielle).italian actors (fabio testi,lou castel)are awful.with "nada" this a second period of barren inspiration for chabrol .it would be "violette nozières" before he was again at the top of his game.

saw this movie when it first came out in the 1970's and hated, hated, hated it! easily the most booooring movie i have ever seen in my life. don't know where leigh got his inspiration but this is one of those movies where you want to shake the characters to get them to open their mouths and communicate. the title says it all because there are no saving moments in this movie, just long, long silences with people unable to articulate what they are (presumably) feeling. if you want to watch something that will drive you to drink then this is the one for you. if you have nothing better to do for two hours then stick a fork in a toaster: the experience will be infinitely more pleasurable than anything you will get from this! yes, leigh came up with a lot of really worthwhile stuff much later in his career but give this one a miss.

woman with wig, who "dyes" her hair in the middle of the film (=takes of wig) presumably does not see what the audience can see from miles away:*** begin spoiler alert *** that her hubby is having an affair with her best girlfriend and they both try get rid of her. *** end of spoiler alert ***and what a spoiler that was: the title already gives it away, doesn't it? bad acting, bad script: waste of time oh yeah: in the end, she lives happily ever after....if you liked this movie, you'll really love "cannibal women in the avocado jungle of death"....

i did not think this movie was worth anything bad script, bad acting except for janine turner, no fantasy, stupid plot, dumb-ass husband and unfair divorce settings. if you have never seen this movie before don't even bother it's not worth it at all. the only thing that was good about it was that janine turner, did a good job acting. terry's husband is a stuck up smart-ass defense attorney who has won a lot of cases and even gotten guility murderers off. he think he is so smart but he is really just a nut. her best friend has an affair with her husband and betrays her. nice girl huh. yeah she's a real peach, not. she's no day at the beach either.

the complaints are valid, to me the biggest problem is that this soap opera is too aimed for women. i am okay with these night time soaps, like grey's anatomy, or ugly betty, or west wing, because there are stories that are interesting even with the given that they will never end. however, when the idea parallels the daytime soaps aimed at just putting hunky men (taye diggs, tim daly, and chris lowell) into sexual tension and romps, and numerous ridiculous difficult situations in a so-called little hospital, it seems like general hospital...or a female counterpart to baywatch. that was what men wanted and they had it, so if this is what women want so be it, but the idea that this is a high brow show (or something men will watch) is unrealistic.

"private practice" is being spun off the fairly successful and well written "grey's anatomy". the cast is fabulous. the premise might even work. but the writing is just terrible.the pre-pilot disguised as a grey's anatomy episode should have been my first warning. the plot was just blah. i thought maybe it was a fluke. so i set the dvr to tape the pilot and all other episodes.as i was watching the pilot, i just kept wondering how a show with such a cast of fine actors could put together a boring pilot. the pilot is supposed to suck people in and keep them coming back for more. there's supposed to be excitement, flash, great writing, intriguing storyline with a cliffhanger that needs to be answered throughout the rest of the season. amazingly, this show had none of that.thinking it was a fluke, i just watched the second episode hoping for the best. and although marginally better, it doesn't come close to what it needs to be interesting can't miss tv.i just scrubbed this show from my list of shows to watch. not worth the effort imo, and i would be very surprised if this show even makes it through mid season. pass this one up folks.

i've watched a few episodes of this show and have found certain elements of it to be rather interesting, considering medical facts that can be learned. but this is totally upstaged and wrecked by the neverending immoral relationships of the show's characters. everybody seems to have slept with just about everyone, even during office hours, which is ridiculously unrealistic. there doesn't seem to be one solid, lasting marriage or relationship in the entire show - everyone is broken up and on the prowl - hardly a true reflection of all americans. indeed, there is a total lack of respect for marriage or monogamy and it's truly fulsome.then we are presented with endless little moral 'dilemmas' and they're generally solved in such a way that belittles anyone who doesn't agree with the all-knowing degenerate management and staff of the private practice. for instance, in one of the latest episodes we're presented with an exceedingly rare situation of a baby who is born with an uncertain gender and addison absolutely refuses to perform the surgery because we're supposed to let the baby decide his gender later on. anyone who disagrees with this is portrayed as immature and stupid.and i think that anyone opposed to abortion would be offended by the way the show treats pro-lifers. addison made the comment that no man was allowed to have an opinion on the issue and only one black character was given dignity for opposing abortion on moral grounds. the general feeling was that if you opposed abortion, you're a freak - hardly the popular sentiment in the us. two of the main characters in the show nonchalantly mention that they had abortions when they were younger and had no apologies or regrets, in spite of the fact that research has shown women can undergo intense depression. what's more a young girl comes to the clinic for an abortion and then thanks the staff on the way out and someone talks about it as how they were helping this young person and it was like something to exult in. the script could have been written by planned parenthood.all in all, this is a cheap show that lacks much of a future unless it decides to present more real relationships rather than just totally unbelievable soap opera relationships and far-fetched medical situations throughout the whole show.

i have seen every episode of this spin off. i thought the first season was a decent effort considering the expectations of following such a success that is grey's anatomy. thus i have continued to watch. i'm afraid the second season lacks the charm, the chemistry and more importantly the drama of it's predecessor grey's anatomy. the relationships seem contrived and the acting is so-so. the writing lacks the intelligence and comedic hints seen in ga. there are shows that a formulaic but do not feel formulaic and contrived, unfortunately pp is not so. i loved kate walsh's presence in ga. i'm afraid kate walsh's life in la is simply not interesting.

private practice is supposed to be a medical drama. so i guess my biggest complaint is the lack of originality in the medical story lines. just by watching house, i "solved" two (out of nine) medical mysteries before the doctors did. boooring. seriously, if you are a lazy writer, why not copy some cases out of older er episodes or some obscure brazilian medical soap? house is recent and popular - recycling their ideas is hard to get away with...second biggest complaint: these people are supposed to be forty-somethings, right? then why do they have to behave with the emotional maturity of 15-year-olds? is three weeks (ie. three whole damn episodes) of intense thinking really necessary to understand that if your best friend doesn't want to be your "friend with benefits", it's maybe not because he wants to hurt you, but because he doesn't want to risk your friendship? the character doing all the thinking is a psychiatrist by the way - the whole storyline is just so unrealistic that you can't really buy into the supposed "drama".and i won't even start complaining about what the show did to everyone's favorite addison as we got to know her in grey's anatomy... on a sidenote, don't you think it's funny the way addison ends up lusting after loser pete (sorry, but everyone who tries to cure insomnia with mozart's requiem is a loser, phd or not) and derek ends up entangled in a relationship with whiny, irritating meredith miles away in rainy seattle? apart from that little fling with mark, they seemed to be perfect for each other. sometimes i think shonda rhimes' subconscious is trying to tell us that in relationships, our first choice is often the right one...

it looks like the brilliant team of shonda rhimes outsourced the writing of this one somewhere offshore, maybe to the mediocreland? "pp" reminds me any one of the many tedious, promising at first but predictable within 1 season david kelly flicks (picket fences, ally mcbeal, and now boston legal). the crazy cases they get are so outlandish, they barely evoke sympathy or sadness. and that's what actually makes good medical dramas tick - dramatic situations you are afraid of, "this could be me" sentiment. they are not funny either.the actors are quite good, but the plot lines are dead and cannot be brought back to live. i'm a therapist, and let me tell you - amy brennan plays the most unbelievably incompetent, unethical, untrained therapist. whoever writes her stuff flunked the ethics and the transference/counter-transference courses in stanford. somebody should give them a code of ethics to read (the episode with the nose-bleeding wife and the therapist's involvement in it). no therapists are that bad.women yearning for men who have moved on - had been done to death, we've all graduated "sex and the city". addison in her youthful aggression towards the guy she likes - very age-inappropriate, looks so unnatural on a woman over 40, and this otherwise talented actress doesn't believe it herself and doesn't deliver it very well. the only successful/palatable developments are addison struggling with her decision to move to la, and the "voodoo dr" and his coping with widowhood.this concept might work with a whole new writing team.

råzone is an awful movie! it is so simple. it seems they tried to make a movie to show the reel life. just like zappa did many years ago. but unfortunately denmark lacks good young actors. leon are by many still the little girl in "krummernes jul", and laura is simply not good enough to play such an important role. several times in the movie she plays with out soul and this is destroying the movie!even though i consider it a movie you ought to see. i do not agree that the youth are behaving like this, but i think it can show how it can end, if you are letting your child down. also it is important to support danish movies and new companies like "film folket"!all in all i think people should see råzone. not because it is a great film, but because it is a movies which is dealing with important themes. i also think it is important to point out that there are some violent scenes in it, and actually it is in these scenes, laura is acting best. - like the ending where she is holding the gun!

this film was rather a disappointment. after the very slow, very intense (and quite gory) beginning the film begins to lose it. too much plot leaves too little time for explanation, and coming out of the theater i wondered what this was all about. the characters remain shallow, the story is not convincing at all, most of it is déja vù stuff without hints of parody, and there are some very cheesy parts... like, the young cop has to do dig up a body. of course it's night and it rains and he has to do it alone... yawn! or the manifestation of the evil being "nazis" plus "genetic manipulation"... wow, that's really original. there are some nice bits, though, like the fistfight scene, mountain views and some (running) gags, but (though reno and vincent cassel do what they can) that's definitely not worth it. (3 out of 10)

wow, what a waste of acting talent. my husband and i sat there, both thinking, this has to get better, these actresses are too good to have wasted their time on this crap. unattractive characters, hackneyed script, and listless pacing make for a long two hours. i actually couldn't hack it and left to do the grocery shopping (cat litter being more appealing than this film). the husband stayed and confirmed that it didn't get better--by the time buddy is killed, you were wishing they all would get hit by a car and end their miserable lives. it would be infinitely more entertaining. beautiful scenery and costumes can't keep this one alive.

around the late 1970's, animator don bluth, frustrated with the output his company, disney was churning, defected from the mouse house to form his own studio. his first production, the secret of nimh, was a brilliant feature that still holds up well to this day. this was followed by an american tail and the land before time, both of which were made under the involvement of steven spielberg and were commercially successful. although none of those two films had the dark adult appeal of nimh, they still are very charming, enjoyable features for both children and grown-ups. but before long, don bluth had his first major misfire with all dogs go to heaven; critics were especially harsh on this film, and matters weren't helped by the fact that it opened alongside disney's the little mermaid.considering that the movie has such a friendly-sounding title, one would expect all dogs go to heaven to be pleasant family fare. instead bluth provides a surprisingly dark story involving gambling, deceit, crime, mistreatment, and murder. that itself is not a problem for an animated feature per say, but it does call into question over whether the film is for children. on the other hand, it's hard to say whether adults will find much to enjoy in all dogs go to heaven. in short, it's a movie with a major identity crisis.set in a dreary junkyard of new orleans, the movie starts out when charlie b. barkin, a rough-and-tumble german shepherd, is run over by a car courtesy of his former gambling casino partner, a nasty, cigar-puffing pitbull, carface. before you know it, charlie finds himself in heaven, albeit by default. here a whippet angel, annabelle, tells him that "all dogs go to heaven because unlike people, dogs are usually loyal and kind." this line represents the confused nature of the movie, since the dogs in the movie, the whippet aside, are presented as anything but.upon realizing that he's been murdered, charlie steals his way back to earth and plots to get even with carface. with the reluctant help of his dachshund pal itchy, charlie "rescues" carface's prize, annemarie, a human girl who can talk to animals (in order to predict who will win the rat races). charlie claims that he will help the little cutie find her a family, but in reality he is using her skills to win fortunes at the race so that he can build a more elaborate casino of his own to bring carface down. although he refuses to admit it, charlie does grow to love annemarie...the concept of the story isn't as problematic as the execution. aside from the human girl annemarie and a flamboyant musical alligator who appears about three-quarters through (with the vocal pipes of ken page), none of the other characters emerge as likable, nor frankly, are even worth caring about. unfortunately, that also applies to charlie; in trying to make him an anti-hero, the script (composed by more than ten writers) only succeeds in rendering the character too unlovable. as such, the audience feels no empathy for charlie, and worse, his redemption at the end of the movie does not come across as convincing. (further damaging to the character is the disappointingly uncharismatic vocal performance from burt reynolds.) besides the lack of an endearing lead, the movie's other problem is in the structure of the story. the slowly-paced plot jumps all over the place and makes a habit of throwing in extra scenes which serve no purpose but to pad out the movie's running time. the aforementioned musical alligator (who resides in a danky sewer infested with native rats) seems to have been thrown in from nowhere, as does a scene where charlie tries to show his generosity to annemarie by feeding a pack of pastel-colored pups pizza. the whole screenplay feels like a rough first draft; a bit more polish could have made this a tighter, impactful story.matters are not helped by the lackluster musical numbers by charlie strouse and t.j. kuenster (annemarie's song and the gator's ballad are the only good ones; the latter in particular benefits from ken page's mellifluous vocal) or the uneven voice cast. as mentioned, burt reynolds' stiff and lifeless charlie detracts from his already unlikeable character even further (the only exception is a fiery confession to itchy about his true intentions toward the end). dom deluise as itchy is pretty good, but he's had better roles, notably tiger in an american tail and jeremy in the secret of nimh. ken page, as mentioned, is awesome in anything he does, but his character has such a small part that his overall contribution is unremarkable at best. similarly wasted are loni anderson (as a collie who once sired a litter with charlie), melba moore, and charles nelson reilly. judith barsi as annemarie is probably the only voice that comes across as truly memorable, partially because her character is the sole legitimately likable one in this depressing and joyless show.barsi aside, the only real positive about all dogs go to heaven is the animation. technically, this film has some of the most imaginative visuals from bluth's team (by 1980's standards, that is), particularly a frightening scene where charlie has a nightmare about ending up in a fiery underworld ruled by a gargantuan satanic canine-demon. if anything, the movie is more of a triumph of animation than storytelling.on the whole, however, i cannot recommend all dogs go to heaven as good entertainment. even though i recognize that the movie has its fans and the climax does admittingly provide some energy and a moving conclusion, the overall package is not in the same league as bluth's better efforts. animation buffs will marvel at the lush artistry, but by the time it's over, all dogs go to heaven could very well leave a bad taste in your mouth.

all for love ( as it titled when it was broadcast at the weekend ) is a romantic period drama featuring captain saint ives a french officer in napoleon`s army who is captured by the british and imprisoned in scotland where he meets and falls in love with a young maiden who visits the prison . there`s also a storyline involving a murder .i will be honest and confess that i wasn`t too taken by the movie since i`m not much of a fan of period dramas and the screenplay feels somewhat episodic but i will say that this is well acted by everyone involved and it`s got a good cast that features miranda richardson , anna friel , richard e grant , michael gough and jason isaacs . the costume design as you can expect is also excellent i`ll be very surprised if this movie doesn`t get any complaints after being broadcast on bbc2 at teatime . captain saint ives lies in bed with a prostitute where a nipple is fully exposed and there`s a scene of french prisoners bathing that includes full frontal male nudity not to mention a murder scene where blood is clearly seen . you really do have to worry if bbc schedulers have any type of clue as to what they`re doing

i found this film to be quite an oddity. from the very get go i found it extremely hard to like this movie, and now after a little thinking about it i can pretty much pinpoint the reason why. jean-marc barr, although i love him to bits (i think zentropa is one of the best movies ever made) is quite miscast here, and although i can't figure for the life of me who would be better, i am sure someone could have taken his place quite easily and make this film work. everything else is fine, except for the stabs at weak comedy (a meet the parents joke is not really needed, filmmakers!) and i really like richard e. grant as the british major. it just suffers from one thing.. jean-marc.

first of all there is gujarati theatre then there is bollywood. both have their strengths and fan following. director vipul shah should look elsewhere instead of gujarati theatre when making a bollywood production. first he made aankhen (adapted from a gujarati play) - which had a unique plot, but could not hold as a hindi film. now he's adapted another gujarati play and named it waqt - a race against time. in sum, the emotions are alien. the plot development is not for hindi films. for example, the role play between father and son is best left to gujarati theatre - don't bring it in a hindi film. even the comedy track is best left for the gujarati stage. all performances are average - nothing to shout about - barring shefali chhaya shah who is fantastic.

well well one cant b wasting time just cause of a big star-cast ..i think all i could see is a bunch of talents wasting their time on a big screen with some pathetic humor which will appeal to i do not know who? some pathetic songs that will be heard by who? some pathetically abrupt turnings justified by who? race against time? u mean waste against time? ok so first you spoil your kid,then you teach him a lesson wow we are so ignorant of this fact whoever said its a brilliant new concept probably is some other species other than human alright fine let me come comment like humans do movie has a nice message to be given but it could well have been given by a stranger sitting besides you in the bus rather than you going for such a wasteful movie to learn it hindi movies have proved it a lot already and also i cant waste my time writing about waste anyway!

pros: akshay kumar's performance(is it just me or does this guy always manages to trump ab in their movies together?). some touching scenes in the 2nd half.cons: the whole 1st hour(the jokes were flat to say the least). every scene involving rajpal yadav. major stupidity in ab's decision making. let me get this straight, he believes brutally insulting his son's soul in every possible way(that will likely ruin their relationship beyond repair) is a better way for him to make akshay finally take some responsibility then actually telling him the truth?? wtf? he considers akshaye is too soft to bear the fact that his old father is soon gonna die due to cancer, but thinks insulting him will make him stronger? am i the only one who doesn't see the logic here? easily the movie's biggest flaw.- akshay becoming a stunt man. lmao!! we're told he finished 1st in college every year and has a degree in mba. but when the time arrives to support himself, and his pregnant wife, he becomes a stunt man. lol!! how abt actually applying for a normal job in ur field? or heck, anywhere else where ur life isn't in danger? this is some incredibly dumb writing.- the ending. i hate this sort of melodramatic crap. everything is pushed down our throats to feel sorry for ab's character, which i couldn't. the entire thing reminded me a little too much of srk in khnh(which i hate). this "please feel sorry for the guy with the illness" crap has run its course. i felt more like puking than sympathy for the old man. couldn't watch the final 20 or so minutes because of it and thus had to fast fwd. the whole thing.bottomline: waqt is just too dumb to be called a good movie. its obvious director vipul shah targeted this at the emotionally fragile chicas and oldies who could care less about a story that actually makes sense. give 'em some decent song picturizations, fancy outfits, plenty of glycerin-filled scenes and some star power and they'll happily lap-up crap like this.

this is just usual indian garbage that gets turned out as cinema, as indians we can proudly boast that we have the biggest cinema industry, however it also the worst.how can other poor countries have films with real characters that challenge the views of their respective societies and we just keep on pumping out garbage. take a look at russia, iran, china and latin america, look at the brilliant films they have and we get crap like kisna!!get real people, no wonder the international community in general laughs at indian cinema.

those 2 points are dedicated the reasonable performance from akshay kumar. i know bollywood films do not really strive to be realistic but please a walt disney production is more realistic than this plot. the father is dying and does what any good parent does...kick his son out the son with his pregnant wife. a few things that were too hard to swallow- 1. priyanka 'cool indoor swimming pool in the bedroom' and to go from that to living hungry in her in-laws garden shed???????? 2. akshay suddenly got the job as a stunt man, gets bitten by rabified dogs, to then just walk off. this film is an insult to our intelligence i really cant believe i contributed financially to the 'people' who made this film by taking my family to see it, we left the cinema with a frown, please do not subject yourself to this mess to watching this take my advice and do not waste your 'waqt'.

this movie's full title is "waqt: race against time". that's a race no one can ever win, but you can certainly cut your losing margin by not wasting any of your precious "waqt" on this bakvaas. this movie was clumsy and manipulative in a way that made k3g look honest. it strained my credulity too far. it was ridiculously stupid in its storyline, and deserves to be mocked for it.it's not quite as awful as baghban or black, but this movie has nothing to recommend it. stupid, pointless, with a ridiculously ott performance by amitji. the central "plot" is another nasty example of the crudely manipulative propaganda that infests so many "family" bw films. if my father, who raised me, and who i love dearly, treated me like big b did akshay, i'd shoot him myself. to say nothing of the trivialising of terminal illness.

this is not really a zombie film, if we're defining zombies as the dead walking around. here the protagonist, armand louque (played by an unbelievably young dean jagger), gains control of a method to create zombies, though in fact, his 'method' is to mentally project his thoughts and control other living people's minds turning them into hypnotized slaves. this is an interesting concept for a movie, and was done much more effectively by fritz lang in his series of 'dr. mabuse' films, including 'dr. mabuse the gambler' (1922) and 'the testament of dr. mabuse' (1933). here it is unfortunately subordinated to his quest to regain the love of his former fiancée, claire duvall (played by the anne heche look alike with a bad hairdo, dorothy stone) which is really the major theme.the movie has an intriguing beginning, as louque is sent on a military archaeological expedition to cambodia to end the cult of zombies that came from there. at some type of compound (where we get great 30s sets and clothes) he announces his engagement to claire, and then barely five minutes later, she gives him back his ring declaring her love for his pal, clifford greyson (robert noland). it's unintentionally funny the way they talk to each other without making eye contact. this would have been a great movie for 'mystery science theater 3000', if they hadn't already roasted it.it's never shown how louque actually learns the 'zombification' secret, but he then uses it to kill his enemies, create a giant army of rifle carrying soldiers and body guards. we won't see such sheer force of will until john agar in 'the brain from planet arous' (1957).finally claire consents to marry him if he will let greyson live and return to america. louque agrees, but actually turns him into one of his hypnotized slaves. on their wedding night he realizes that claire will only begin to love him if he gives up his 'powers.' to gain her love, he does so, causing the 'revolt' of the title, in which all his slaves awaken and attack his compound and kill him. greyson embraces claire, and we seem to be at the end of a parable: "whom the gods would destroy, they first make mad." so really then, it's not that bad of a film, despite the low imdb rating it currently has. on repeated viewings (?) one can see the artistry in the well formed script! dean jagger had yet to develop into a good actor, and is almost unrecognizable in his youngness -- is that really his own hair? we remember him more for his bald, old man roles in 'white christmas' (1954), 'x the unknown' (1956) and 'king creole' (1958). the story borrows a lot of its basic themes from the halperin brothers better, earlier film 'white zombie' (1932) in which hapless robert frazier (as charles beaumont) uses 'zombification' to win the love of madge bellamy (as madeline parker).if you want real zombie movies (of which there are hundreds!) i'd start with 'white zombie' (1932), 'king of the zombies' (1941), 'i walked with a zombie' (1943), 'night of the living dead' (1968), 'the last man on earth' (1964) and its two remakes. in the modern era of classy films, there are 'horror express' (1972), 'the serpent and the rainbow' (1988), '28 days later' (2002) and its sequel, as well as many, many, others too numerous to mention.this one is not really a zombie film. judging this movie on its own terms, it's more of a semi-gothic romance. as such it ranks a little below some of universal's bottom billed b horror movies of the late 30s and early 40s. so i'll give it a 5.

wimpy stuffed shirt armand louque (blandly played by veteran character actor dean jagger in a rare lead role) joins a group of researchers who want to find and destroy the secret technique of creating zombies. armand falls for the lovely claire duval (fetching blonde dorothy stone), who uses the meek sap to get armand's colleague clifford grayson (the hopelessly wooden robert noland) to marry her. furious over being used and spurned by claire, armand uses his knowledge of voodoo to get revenge. sound exciting? well, it sure ain't. for starters, victor halperin's static (non)direction lets the meandering and uneventful talk-ridden story plod along at an excruciatingly slow pace. worse yet, halperin crucially fails to bring any tension, atmosphere and momentum to the hideously tedious proceedings. the mostly blah acting from a largely insipid cast doesn't help matters any; only george cleveland as the hearty general duval and e. alyn warren as the irascible dr. trevissant manage to enliven things a bit with their welcome and refreshing hammy histrionics. the drippy stock film library score, the painfully obvious stagebound sets, and the crude cinematography are pretty lousy and unimpressive as well. in fact, this feeble excuse for a fright feature is so crummy that not even the uncredited starkly staring eyes of the great bela lugosi can alleviate the brain-numbing boredom. a dismally dull dud.

after watching revolt of the zombies starring future academy award winner dean jagger i was left with one burning question. how was a society that created these ultimate warrior fighting machines ever defeated in the first place? that's the question you'll be pondering if you take time to watch revolt of the zombies. towards the end of world war i, the french discover a cult from occupied cambodia where these undead creatures who cannot be stopped with bullets form a brigade of monks who go over the top and dislodge the hun.this scares the living fecal matter out of everyone concerned so an international expedition is formed to find out destroy the secret of these zombies so no nation can get their hands on it and rule the world.but we've got some dissent in those ranks. first is snidely whiplash villain roy d'arcy who murders the buddhist monk who has the secret and second is dean jagger. power is the ultimate aphrodisiac as we all know and he's determined to woo dorothy stone away from rival robert noland.i think you've got some idea how this comes out, especially since a race of zombies didn't conquer the world for one country. dean jagger as he got the oscar for twelve o'clock high must have shuddered every time he thought about this film and the awful dialog he tried to give a spark of sincerity to.moral of the story, you might make an ultimate warrior with the zombie potion and the zombie chant, but you can't make an ultimate love slave.

wow...ok. so, after reading the little feud on here, i decided i had to see this movie for myself. this movie is horrible. i stopped watching it. i strongly recommend cleaning a closet instead of watching this movie, you'll be more spooked/entertained.it's low budget with bad acting.whoever is giving this movie 10s is completely incorrect and should be disregarded.i am in no way connected to any of the other reviewers.simply put, this movie is not worth watching.very, very bad movie.

a group of models is seeking an apartment to live in, and are shown one by a local real estate agent. unknown to the models and the agent, however, is that "hell's threshold" is in the apartment and when crossed, the demon "dethman" is summoned to kill all those in his path. the story is told by sam bishop, a journalist who was accused of the murders.although i am a champion of low budget, microbudget, and independent films, i cannot praise this movie. the creators take pride in their 24-hour shooting schedule and at least one actor boasts on the dvd of his acting prowess, but i cannot wrap my head around this. why make a film in 24 hours if an extra one or two hours of editing would make all the difference? and why pride yourself on acting that is poor, nonsensical and results in the bad delivery of a handful of lines?through much of the film, the models are being shown parts of an apartment by a real estate agent. the dialog is clearly ad-libbed because no scriptwriter could come up with such empty diction. the agent, also, clearly knows nothing about housing... she focuses on aspects of a home that no one could care about, incorrectly explains the heat source (didn't she see the radiator?) and says the vermin problem will be solved when they call "the terminator". please, write a script -- some deviation is fine, but this was a mess.and why were the girls moving in models? their careers had no point in the plot, and this seems like a forced situation. at one point, an actress breaks character and says something to the effect of "dude, they're going to be (upset)" which sounded more natural than any other line, though out of place because of the other bad dialog.the demon made no sense. i appreciated the attempt to explain how "hell's threshold" jumps to random places on earth (including apartment fireplaces), but why not explain where the demon came from? his background involves a man whose love is killed by another man. how does this make you a demon? (also, why did we need all these victorian flashbacks with no dialog and glances across a field? it was overdone.)the dramatic pauses between lines was awful. the sam bishop character was by far the worst, with the interviewer not far behind. does every question require a pause, a funny face and a response... followed by a pause, a funny face and a response? i was so frustrated. to me, the only point was to drag the time out... but i'd rather have thirty minutes of good delivery than an hour of horrible delivery (and then more time is wasted by rolling through the same credits twice).who was the sam bishop character, anyway? allegedly he "saw" all this and was accused of killing the girls, but yet at no point was he ever in the part of the tale with the girls. so how did he see them? and if he didn't, how did he know dethman killed them? and if he didn't see dethman, how does he know dethman is the spirit of apostoles? i was so lost... was there even an outline for a plot when this was written? the only part i found enjoyable in this movie was a scene with one of the models in the bathroom. not that it was really important or anything, but it was the only break from boredom i was given. i wonder what director felix diaz was thinking. his music is very good (see the dvd behind the scenes for his impromptu playing), but i wonder about his movie making skills. although, by far the best part of the dvd was the trailer for his "superhero excelsior" (the trailer alone was better than this entire waste of time).i am sorry i have to be so harsh. i'd like to think that this movie was a test of what can be done in 24 hours or maybe just an experiment for fun and the idea was never to make a quality film. but if "superhero excelsior" is any indication, diaz can make quality... so why did he choose to avoid that here? perhaps the world will never know.

i will say that at least the movie makes sense, but it's bad. the acting for the most part is not good (i think only sky showed any promise) and you feel awkward watching it. all of the scenes that should be meaningful are really shallow, like when ng comes out to her parents. there are a lot of corny details, like the kanji tattoo on the sky's shoulder, the magnets on the girls' refrigerator and the god awful decor at the sets...and the music...and clothes..and everything. real life has never been like this movie. the boy says at one point "i'm gay, not corny." and not aware. even the commentary is awful, i turned it off after ng talks about how she was weirded out playing a lesbian.

saw it at the philadelphia gay and lesbian film fest.what can i say? against my better judgment, i liked it, but it seemed to me that that acting was a little...weak (mostly i noticed this from the family of the teen boy). i mean, the script wasn't stellar to begin with, but the actors didn't make me believe the relationships.the plot is also predictable.nonethelss, i liked it. the characters are likable, and the plot is not challenging or upsetting. it's sweet, the characters care about each other, and i don't count it as fifty minutes ill-spent. but i don't recommend it.

watching floored by love one thought comes almost immediately to mind, "my god this looks like a really bad sitcom." sure enough, it turns out that fbl is a pilot for a series that may start this fall in canada, poor poor canada.cara (shirley ng) and janet (natalie sky) are a lesbian couple living in vancouver. janet has come out to her mother already but cara's parents are still in the dark about their daughter's homosexuality. the pressure is on to out herself though when the parents come from malaysia for her younger brother's wedding. that same week british columbia legalizes gay marriage. with janet wanting to wed, cara has to decide whether or not to tell her conservative chinese parents that's she's gay. will she? would she? could she? cara's situation is contrasted with that of jesse (trent millar). jesse has just declared his homosexuality to the world at the age of fourteen. his biological father daniel (andrew mcilroy) is coming for a visit soon. his stepfather norman (michael robinson) fears that his chances of finally being fully accepted by jesse are harmed by the fact that daniel is gay and he is not. will dialing 1-800-makeover help?the dialogue and delivery come straight out of a lesser 1950's program along with the overdone physical emoting. the full house-style melodrama is enough to make you wince from time to time and the attempts at comedy largely fail. mcilroy, millar & sky are the only performers that approach competency in this miscalculation but given the material they have to work with, it's no surprise that none impress. it's possible that the campiness was purposeful. it often seems like there is no way the performers are really that bad, that they must be trying to mimic the inferior sitcoms of days yore. if this is indeed the case than this review should probably be rewritten. the rewrite would focus on floored by love being a poor and ineffective send-up of old sitcoms.writer/director desiree lim has put together a by-the-numbers bland-fest that's entirely forgettable. there was a time when merely having an openly homosexual protagonist was enough to make a mark on the screen. that time is gone. in this day we need quality as well.

fulci experiments with sci fi and fails. usually in his non horror films we still get sum great gore, but not here. sum very funny scenes like when the prisinors are forced to hold onto a bar for 12 minutes and if they drop they are electecuted. the guy falls and and has some kind of fit on the floor for about two minutes until his friends who were struggling to hold on anyway lift him off the floor. the city is an obvious model but not a bad one. and the end explosion is at best laughable. and dont get me started on the terrible battle scenes.4/10

i only watched this because it was directed by lucio fulci and featured claudio cassinelli, an actor i like. i was certainly disappointed.the idea that condemned prisoners would fight to the death for tv ratings has been overdone with rollerball, logan's run, blade runner, and the new film, death race, which will certainly suck me in because it stars jason statham.this was just a bore for the most part. the "kill bike" action was ridiculous. the "training" was a snooze-fest. it just never grabbed me and made me want to care about anyone, including "dallas" star jared martin or fred williamson.pick one of the others mentioned and you'll be better off.

"pandemonium" is a horror movie spoof that comes off more stupid than funny. believe me when i tell you, i love comedies. especially comedy spoofs. "airplane", "the naked gun" trilogy, "blazing saddles", "high anxiety", and "spaceballs" are some of my favorite comedies that spoof a particular genre. "pandemonium" is not up there with those films. most of the scenes in this movie had me sitting there in stunned silence because the movie wasn't all that funny. there are a few laughs in the film, but when you watch a comedy, you expect to laugh a lot more than a few times and that's all this film has going for it. geez, "scream" had more laughs than this film and that was more of a horror film. how bizarre is that?*1/2 (out of four)

this is pretty funny. "saturday the 12th", a?... great work... i laughed every minute of the movie... this is like "scary movie" for the 1980's. great student bodies-styled gags...too bad this isn't on video... but you can still watch it on flix...

i've heard about this movie for many years, and finally got a chance to see it. a massive murdering of cheerleaders back in 1963 and 1969 eventually cause a cheerleading camp to close up. fast forward to 1982, and bambi, a former student, opens it back up with new recruits, among them candy (carol kane), glenn (judge reinhold), and sandy (debralee scott). one by one, they are murdered by the killer, until only one remains. it is then when we find out who did it and why.also in the movie are tom smothers doing a terrible accent as a canadian mountie, and paul reubens doing his pee-wee herman schtick. the plot overall isn't very well developed, and quite lame, but some funny scenes do occur, namely the house of bad pies and the strip poker scene. the ending seems like it's thrown together, which is a shame.overall, good for about ten or fifteen minutes total, the rest you can just fast forward through. maybe catch it on tv, but it's not worth buying.

i was very disappointed with this film. i expected more of a thelma and louise female-buddy crime movie. instead, the women prison escapees in this flick, had no sense of loyalty to one another. they were an extremely vulgar pack of hyenas, who beat each other up, double-crossed each other, and even committed lesbian rape against other women in the film.instead of being shrewed thieves, who stuck together to plan their escape and find the hidden stash of money, the women escapees were too selfish and vicious, to trust each other for long. these women weren't liberated in a positive sense. they just ended up being a bunch of loose-cannons, incapable of respect for themselves, or each other. if you like 70s female crime caper films, skip this bomb, and see the great texas dynamite chase, which stars claudia jennings and jocelyn jones.

i believe shakespeare explained what i just read beautifully. me thinks he (the lady) doth protest too much. the whole thing sounded to me as if the author was trying to convince himself! he sites profane literature (writings from the same time period but not connected with the bible) a number of times however i can think of at least three references off the top of my head which lend historical accuracy to events contained in the bible. anyone can skew data & prove anything they like but it doesn't make it true. customs change, word definitions change over time (look at english & german where it is very obviously a common root) nothing stays the same, it's always growing and changing. the bible has many different translations but the king james version is the one i've found to be the best when it comes to any kind of research. in the king james version you will notice there are certain words written in italics. these words have been added by the translators and can be dropped & the mean of the entire verse changes. writings from around the time of christ were written without spaces, without punctuation, without paragraphs & without numeric verses. these writings look like one long word & the translators added all of the above. for example how would you read this: godisnowhere do you read it as god is nowhere or do you read it as god is now here? same string of letters two entirely different meanings. this is why many biblical researchers use a 'lexicon' to assist them in translation as it provides a word for word translation from the original arabic, greek or hebrew depending on the language in which the scripture was originally written. it's also interesting to note that when translated into symbolic logic you can prove god exists but you can not prove he doesn't exist! in the end i just love listening to people who think they are so smart that they are qualified to judge the almighty. talk about ego! putting soapbox away, god bless maegi

i sat through this movie expecting a thought-provoking, fact-based film. but instead was given some of the least thought out arguments against the christian faith imaginable. for instance, in an effort to prove that christianity is inherently violent, the narrator constantly quotes the bible without giving context, and thus altering the meaning of the text. jesus is quoted as commanding the execution of those who disobey him, when in fact, the quote is from a parable jesus told, involving a king who is then quoted. thus the narrator makes it appear as if jesus says one thing when he is actually telling a story where one of his characters says it. this is dishonesty in a very obvious form. is this really what atheism has to offer the world? this film also attempts to use the success of the passion of the christ over jesus christ: superstar and the last temptation of the christ as evidence that christians are bloodthirsty. he makes no mention of the fact that the passion was the most historically accurate bible-film to date. he makes no mention of the fact that it was actually the best liked by critics of the bunch. he then edits in a series of violent images from the passion as if to hammer home his point. ironically, he makes no mention of the texas chainsaw massacre which came out a few months later and plays violence for entertainment, versus dramatic effect.one thing that really bothered me was his mockery of people who actually knew more about the subject matter than he did. all the christians he interviewed were average schmoes in the parking lot of billy graham's new york crusade. atheists he interviewed for the film were notable authors and scholars. he asked the christians how the christian movement started, and of course, they said it started with the holy spirit coming to the disciples at pentecost. which is correct (acts 2). he then gives the commentary, "isn't it funny how so few christians seem to know the origins of their own faith?" and proceeds to explain that the apostle paul started christianity after being stopped on the road to damascus. the poor chap seems convinced that acts 9 happens before acts 2. more deception? or is this simply ignorance? he also throws around nonsense that paul didn't believe jesus was a real person. are you kidding me? 1 corinthians 15 describes jesus death and resurrection being witnessed by people (whom paul names in the passage) for the corinthians to question if they are in doubt!there are many many other examples of how full of crap this 'documentary' is. but because i don't have time or patience to go into them all, i'll skip straight to the end. it's obvious throughout the whole movie that the narrator has an emotional vendetta against his upbringing in the church. and the climax interview is his childhood principle! in a last-ditch attempt to disprove the christian faith, the narrator tries to make a fool out of someone who gave him a detention as a child. is this what passes as an intellectual documentary for the atheist community? surely there are intelligent atheist filmmakers out there who can make a documentary that isn't a load of made-up crap passed off as 'facts'.

i was curious to watch this movie. a lot of people seem to be excited. i also have my beliefs. i believe in jesus christ but i'm opened for any kind of views or opinions. it doesn't matter for me, if jesus existed in the way it's written in the bible. if maria was a virgin or not, or all the other similar pagan coincidences. what matters for me is the idea of salvation, the idea of love as the only way to find peace in this world.what made me angry is when somebody takes a sentence, present it as a fact but without showing the context it was written. for example, they showed in this movie following sentence big: "those enemies of mine who did not want me to be king over them - bring them here and kill them in front of me" jesus (lukas 19:27) what they didn't tell you is the context. jesus told a story about an evil king. there is no passage in the bible where jesus supports killing. he is love! after quoting the bible wrong they present us yelling people (pseudo-christians) filled with hate. the majority of viewers don't check the informations presented so they start thinking jesus=hate=not good for me or for anybody else. this is pure manipulation people. please use your brain. don't take everything as a fact they tell you in this movie. we destroy our own basis, our civilization if we start dismantling jesus in this way and the message he brought to us. you saw off the branch you're sitting on.

first let me state that i do not believe in god (if you want to use the word atheist, fine, but i don't like that word since it describes what i'm not, not what i am) but i hated this "documentary." the production values were damn near non existent, the premise extremely shaky and whole thing seemed to be an exercise in brian flemming's insecurities.the production values were terrible and brian flemming is clearly an amateurish director at best. the narration sounded like he just narrated over the film all in one shot, and he didn't practice at all. there were way to many umms and pauses when he should have been talking in the movie. animation was also pretty damn bad.the whole idea that jesus is a mythical character is not taken seriously by historians and biblical scholars. as i stated before, i do not believe in god, and i don't think that whether or not jesus was a real man says nothing about the existence of god. my personal view, jesus probably was a real man but he lived in a time where there were many massiah's (look up apollonius of tiana) and that the stories of his life and preaching were blown out of proportion the farther you got from his death. according to the wikipedia article on the historicity of jesus (and there's a good citation for this so it's garbage) "virtually all scholars in the fields of biblical studies and history agree that jesus was a jewish teacher from galilee who was regarded as a healer, was baptized by john the baptist, was accused of sedition against the roman empire, and on the orders of roman governor pontius pilate was sentenced to death by crucifixion.[1]" i was left wondering at the end of the documentary if this was more about the director's insecurities than anything else. i was left wondering if he was trying to convince himself more than anyone else. the most telling example of this is the final interview he was with the religious school principal. he's not even coy about it. the way he bombards the teacher is unfair and while i agree with the director partially, that teaching kids about hell fire is a bad thing, the way that flemming confronted the principal was just awkward to watch. flemming had a chance to perhaps get a good discussion going, if he was more tactile with his interview. instead he comes off aggressive with "isn't it bad to teach kids this stuff." the guy cuts the interview short and i mean, what did he expect, the principal to say "oh yes, i see it is, i have seen the light, this will now be a secular school?" it seems that flemming is getting revenge for what he feels was a wrong done to him in childhood. this isn't about the documentary, this is about flemming's insecurities, and has nothing to do with the supposed topic of the documentary. flemming shows what he's really doing here, and that is the real downfall of this so-called documentary.

this documentary begins with an interesting premise -- it makes an intriguing and convincing argument that the history of jesus as is commonly believed is probably a myth. sadly, though, after priming us with this, the movie completely shifts gears and becomes little more than a non-stop attack on christianity, and pretty much focusing on the easy targets.the writer/director clearly has some issues with the church (he is a former evangelical christian and has some legit anger) and this film seems to be his form of release. it'd be interesting to see the first 20 minutes expanded, but as a whole, the movie is disappointing.

i personally found this movie to be terrible, first it was hardly objective, and provided one side of the debate. the only people who were presented as the side saying he did exist being a bunch of people coming from a billy grahm revival. secondly it deviated heavily from its supposed topic did jesus (yeshua) exist, to talking about how violent christianity is, and showing scenes from mel gibsons "the passion". in the end it has the director con his former principal of a conservative private school into being interviewed, and attempts to trap him about teaching the kids there faith. oh and also the techno music just made the film harder to watch.

as a spiritualist and non christian. i thought i really was going to be holding onto my faith, but what a load of i seers. i thought the film would have great arguments, but only got one sided views from atheists and jews??? and who are all these street people he's interviewing who don't know the back of their arm from their head. where are the proper theologians and priests and stuff he could have got arguments from. not retired nuts who wrote books and finished their studies in 1970. personally this dvd was a waste of time and not worth my time to check if the facts are right or wrong or if i should or should not believe because an anti-christ told me so. please to think he came up with the conclusion of not finding god because his own ego and demons got the better of him. no im not going to say the movie was stunning to help atheists reading this feel better about themselves. but if you really want to show the world you care about us poor souls who believe in jesus then entice us with your worth, not your beating off the drums.

in my opinion this movie advances no new thought. seems to me like taking a spear to a spear without looking to the side! the director seems to have an agenda! duh! i find that his rational is lacking there does not seem to be room for the alternative view. i for one am usually on the side of the naysayer but this movie lacks credibility as it relies on the fantastic observations of the man/woman on the street. really now if you wish to cr5eate a credible alternative to a creed held onto for 2000+ years you have got to make more of an effort allowing the other side to voice their beliefs. i'm not sure but at the beginning of the movie it felt like an attack on the cristian faith, i for one am a non believer, but allow for the beliefs of others, and would not wish no ridicule them but try to understand and tolerate.

one of the most popular rentals at my local video store is not borat or the departed but a 2005 documentary about jesus christ called the god who wasn't there by director brian flemming, an ex-christian fundamentalist. flemming, in his 62-minute documentary, asserts that jesus was not a historical figure but a legend based solely on pagan traditions. using interviews with authors, philosophers, and historians to debunk the long-held christian belief that jesus, the son of god, lived among men, was crucified, and was resurrected, flemming compares the christ story with those of cult figures isis and osiris in egypt, dionysus and adonis in greek mythology, and roman mystery cults such as mithraism and finds many surprising similarities.in addition to his evidence about pagan cults, he also states that the earliest sources for the christ story, the four gospels, were written forty or fifty years after the date given for jesus' crucifixion and that the letters of st. paul show little evidence of jesus being a flesh and blood figure. flemming, unfortunately however, is not out to conduct a solid investigation of the truth about jesus' life but to use the subject only as a point of departure for a full throttle attack on christianity and all religion. most of the interviews are with those philosophically aligned with the director including avowed atheists such as biologist richard dawkins and author sam price. the only christians interviewed are those on the fringe such as scott butcher, the creator of the website rapture letters.com, and ronald sipus, principal of the fundamentalist village christian school, which flemming attended as a boy.like michael moore's interview of charlton heston in bowling for columbine, his interview with sipus is so contentious that sipus walks out in the middle. in a sarcastic tone, flemming tells us how wrong christianity was wrong about the sun revolving around the earth, then points to atrocities committed in the name of christianity such as those by cult leader charles manson who killed 11 people and dena schlosser, who cut her baby's arm off for god. he also lifts a statement from a book by lahaye and jenkins that says that christians "look forward to the day when all non-christians are thrown into a lake of fire, howling and screeching." to further turn us against christianity, flemming shows us extended clips from mel gibson's the passion of the christ, detailing in minute detail each scene of violence and torture. what could have been a serious discussion on a very interesting subject eventually becomes a childish rant and a polemic against all religion. in the process of condemning those who used christianity to commit unspeakable acts, he ignores such people as socialist muriel lester, a famous christian pacifist, rigoberta menchú tum, a mayan indian of guatemala who helped found the revolutionary christians and received the nobel peace prize in recognition of her work for social justice, and mother teresa, whose work was about respect for each individual's worth and dignity.his most telling argument is his comparison of christian doctrine with the pagan cults and he makes some good points, yet flemming does not tell us that while some aspects of these cults may resemble christian doctrines, there are no texts or source materials for these cults before 300ad, long after the new testament. also it is important to note one major difference. the immediate goal of the initiates was a mystical experience that led them to feel they had achieved union with their god. this is anathema to christianity which believes that a church hierarchy including priests and bishops all the way up to the pope are required to interpret god's will to mankind.although i am not a christian and have some doubts about whether or not jesus christ was in fact a historical figure, the truth is that, in the long scheme of things, it may not matter. what matters is that a message was introduced to mankind and spread around the world that contributed to mankind's spiritual evolution. regardless of the distortions and crimes later committed in its name and there were many, christianity as conceived was a doctrine of compassion and love, and a moral and ethical code that furthered respect for our fellow man.while i applaud the fact that the film was made and that a taboo topic was discussed, what is sorely needed is not another divisive attempt to use religion as a field of combat but to see it as a common thread that can bring the world's people together. while there is room for debate and discussion on religious subjects, in the words of annie besant, "spiritual truths are best seen in the clear air of brotherhood and mutual respect. the god who wasn't there is recommended only for those whose idea of a good time is to trash the religion of others.

i watched dvd 1 only. the program proper may have 10 minutes of good information; otherwise it's snotty putdowns of religious people. it's as if director brian flemming only recently discovered both atheism and sarcasm, and feels with these tools he can easily bludgeon his opposition.also, flemming wanders extensively into his own personal issues, and they take over the movie. it never gets back on topic.religious people are prone to discount skeptics when their objections to religion are obviously rooted in abusive upbringings. arguments from such victimized people seem irrational, and therefore unconvincing.anti-religious people will want more data. we don't need to be told that religious people are nutty, any more than american jews need to be told how annoying christmas music gets by mid-december.in the best scene, the superintendent of fleming's childhood christian school rather insightfully confronts the director on his motivations. that seems like the most honest part of the movie, and it was too short.if fleming were a bit more self-aware, he might have a good story in him about his own (past & current) relationship to christianity, and the abusive institutions that indoctrinated him in his youth.and perhaps he could lend his "christ never walked the earth" material to a more serious documentarian. i'm not studying the writings of saul/paul to find out how air-tight this all is, but a quick browse of wikipedia suggests most of these arguments are discredited.the bonus interviews are pretty good, tho they don't bolster fleming's thesis much. sam harris is a good spokesperson for the anti-religious pov, and he doesn't go light on those other, non-christian religions. harris also has some good (and easily google'd) interviews on salon.com , amazon.com , and samharris.org .

this will be brief. let me first state that i'm agnostic and not exactly crazy about xtians, especially xtian fanatics. however, this documentary had a tone of the like of some teenager angry at his xtian mother for not letting him play video games. i just couldn't take it seriously. mentioning how charlesmanson thought he was christ to illustrate the point that xtianity can breed evil? i don't know it was just cheap and childish -- made the opposition look ignorant. furthermore, the narrator just seemed snobby and pretentious. the delivery was complete overkill. i can't take this documentary seriously. might appeal to an angry teenager piss3d off at his xtian mother for not letting him play video games.

this documentary film is based on incomplete considerations of the evidence, in which brian flemming, perhaps purposely, fails to mention important evidence to the contrary. perhaps his most crucial mistake is one of the earliest: his claims concerning the invalidity of paul's testimony about jesus christ disregard key facts, like: **the existence of some formulated creeds within paul's letters. these creeds suggest that most of the central claims about jesus were already formulated into statements of faith possibly within a few years of christ's death and resurrection. **the testimonies of the early christians can't just be tossed out as mere fantasy. there were indeed many people claiming to be the messiah during that period, but only one of them has remained: jesus. why? because it would have been preposterous for anyone to have actually believed christ was the messiah, and go on to die for those beliefs, if they knew that he had not been resurrected. **even if the gospels are dated more liberally, we are still talking about accounts of jesus written within the lifetimes of other eyewitnesses that would have pointed out inaccuracies in these gospels. and there is evidence that the gospels were written much earlier. what i am saying is that flemming's documentary is an incredibly biased and self-serving piece of work that hodge podges different arguments and evidence to serve his anti-christian view. don't be fooled by poor investigation.

i'm actually surprised at the amount of good ratings this anti-christian pseudo-documentary got. now, i respect the guy's opinion and faith, i myself am not, at this state, believer of the taught christian doctrine. however, anti-christian propaganda is somewhat of a different issue.this film has valid points, but they are very few and represented in a very biased context. i'm not recommending against seeing it. in fact, i think everyone should see it and decide on their own whether they believe it or not. and this is actually more of a chance than the one the director gives to christian teachings. rather than an inquiring approach on the subject, it looks like a personal vendetta on the christian school that affected his childhood. it also misrepresents the christians most of the times as either incredibly naive or fundamentalists, no moderation in between.the director uses movie scenes from passion of christ without permission, sets up an interview with the headmaster of his former school and presents almost solely anti-christian historians and writers. i actually found the headmaster to be the most down-to-earth person and think that his attitude was fully justified. i also strongly doubt that any of the christian believers who were interviewed were consulted afterwords or even told before the interview the purpose of the inquiry.with this being said, there are certainly new and interesting facts to be found here and some very original thoughts on the question of christianity. but the way in which this whole think is produced is often offensive, highly unprofessional and dreadfully biased.

let me start by saying that i totally agree with the basic thesis of the film, that there probably was no historical jesus and christianity is a sham. with that said, this movie does a pretty poor job of proving that thesis. it makes good arguments--the gap between jesus' theoretical life and the writing of the gospels, filled only by the writings of paul, who doesn't indicate a historical jesus--and then utterly fails to convincingly argue them. it makes broad statements without presenting the evidence the statements are based on, and it resolutely ignores counter-arguments presented by christian apologists. the intellectual dishonesty, emotional manipulation, and lack of serious argument are obvious, and stunning. the only christians we hear from in the film are the head of the filmmaker's old school--who comes off like a reasonable, rational person attempting to deal with a twit with a chip on his shoulder--and various christians encountered apparently at random in a parking lot. i'm sorry, but revealing that average christians don't know much about their religion isn't exactly damning evidence of christianity's fraudulence. you may as well claim that jay leno has disproved the existence of michael dukakis on his jay-walking segment. the interviews with experts can be interesting, but the film is filled with too much of, let's be honest, the filmmaker just being snarky. within the first five minutes the film has already conflated jerry falwell with charles manson and the writers of the left behind series with the branch davidians. and by the end, the film becomes so self-centered that there's no rational argument left, just an angry former christian lashing out at the people and places he blames for his messed up childhood. y'know, maybe that movie could've been interesting, but it's misplaced in a documentary about the historicity of jesus, and it's so self-congratulatory as to deflate any sympathy. this is a michael moore film without the humor or the film-making acumen combined with a richard dawkins book without the wit or the intellectual rigor. skip it.

really no reason to examine this much further because of a few very glaring and bias misleading statements.a perfect example is when the filmmaker claims "saul" or paul of tarus (the writer of the book of hebrews he asserts) has no idea jesus is or was a human being, this assertion is either purposely false as he accuses others of presenting, or he is ignorant of what "the bible" says.first we can examine his misleading claim about hebrews 8.4; which he shows a quote "if jesus was on earth, he would not be a priest", hence right here he sets up the ignorant and unlearned viewer to accept his false premise.. why? he does what most so called bible believing people he accuses of doing, the same.. that is taking things out of context.verse one of hebrews 8 is; 1.."now of the things which we have spoken this is the sum: we have such an high priest, who is set on the right hand of the throne of the majesty in the heavens" the context above is clearly speaking of a jesus who was on earth and ascended into heaven after his alleged resurrection.it has nothing to do with how the filmmaker wants the viewer to take his out of context scripture. here he offers a foundation, that "paul was not aware of a human jesus, but only one in "heaven"follow?lets see if the filmmaker is being honest; hebrews 7; 14. "for it is evident that our lord sprang out of judah; of which tribe moses spake nothing concerning priesthood."heh, didn't the filmmaker just quote from the writer of hebrews trying to show the writer of that book has no knowledge of a "human jesus"? it's likely anyways paul didn't write hebrews, but i will not go into that here, but the film maker asserts paul did, and that is the premise of the point given here.it is not like this film maker does not make decent points in certain areas, he does, but he is engaging in the same blind bias of the religion he is bashing on. once he engages in these tactics, in my strong opinion, he loses credibility as the religion he picks out, and the film is no longer a documentary, but a personal opinion, and a bias of the film maker, nothing more, nothing less.

i'm an incorrigible skeptic and agnostic and was thus expecting to enjoy this film. after watching it, however, i honestly believe that i could have made a better documentary myself. its arguments appear to have only four spurious sources (despite his being listed in the credits on imdb i didn't see richard dawkins anywhere), it's edited together crudely with laughably amateurish computer effects, and it doesn't make even the slightest attempt to appear impartial. the narration is pervaded throughout with a sneering, almost adolescent anti-christian sentiment, ruining any possibility that the film might actually change someone's mind as opposed to just preaching to the choir (i.e. me). though there is some interesting discussion of the historicity of jesus, the movie hits an unbearable snag when it begins to dwell heavily on the christian school which the director attended as a child, an institution which apparently scarred him badly psychologically as it obsesses him to this day.though tgwwt obviously had a low budget, there was still an opportunity here to make an intelligent commentary on the highly questionable roots of christianity. there's certainly a dearth of skeptically-minded religious documentaries on the market, and this film could have helped fill the void. instead, the director chose to insult our intelligence with this piece of garbage, which in the end appears to be some sort of therapeutic exercise for him. it's too bad that his christian upbringing traumatized him, but he needn't subject an audience to his coping mechanism.

ok, aside from the psychedelic background imagery, the info presented here was good. the music i could have done without (not that it was bad music, just that it didn't fit this film at all).as for the content of the film, the director brings up the often-lacking pagan perspective on christ's existence and a startling comparison of the deeds and events of christ's life vs. the lives of mythological figures/deities such as mithra and dionyses. then he brings up the chronology of christianity's origins and presents an 'ok' case, but not one that blew me away.if the director had stuck with the facts and continued on with them, this film would have been good. however, at this point in the film, it disintegrates into a group of personally-gratifying attacks on mel gibson's "passion of the christ" and a christian private school which the director attended in his youth. during an interview with his old principal, (which during the course of, it comes to light that the director set up under false pretenses) i felt that the director was acting sort of childish. he was asking good questions but, like the film itself, the interview crumbled into an attack on this particular private school's rules, not christianity.all in all, if you're just interested in some info, watch the first 30 minutes or so and then shut it off.

hollywood's attempt to turn jack london's life into a "jack london" adventure film isn't a bad idea; certainly, he led an interesting, and sometimes adventurous, life. this film, however, winds up flat and unsatisfying. most importantly, it lacks integrity. michael o'shea (as london) has some londonesque speeches; and, it's nice to see his bearded jack receive "the call of the wild" after spending some quality time alone, in the snowy mountains, with his dog, "buck". virginia mayo and susan hayward are both very pretty. the film draws unfortunate "yellow peril" parallels between london's life and world war ii, which are both strained and insulting. ** jack london (11/24/43) alfred santell ~ michael o'shea, susan hayward, virginia mayo

in his brief 40 years on earth, author jack london managed to cram as much adventure and incident as would seem possible. this 90-minute film, purportedly a biography of the man's life but patently fictionalized, doesn't even scratch the surface, and remains a story very ripe for a modern-day retelling. here, michael o'shea, in one of his first roles, portrays london, and his performance is both rugged and sympathetic. he is not the problem here. nor is a young and very beautiful susan hayward, playing his future wife, charmian, whose biography on london is the "basis" for this film. london's life has here been broken down into a series of episodes, which the film skips lightly through. so we have brief incidents with london as an oyster pirate, a sealer in the bering sea, a gold prospector in the yukon and a correspondent during the russo-japanese war...colorful events, for sure, but hardly given anything like in-depth treatment. and alfred santell's direction (he also directed one of susan's first films, "our leading citizen," in 1939) is lackadaisical at best. making things rougher here is a very poor-quality dvd, with a crummy-looking print source and hissy sound. perhaps the best thing about this movie rental, for me, was one of the dvd's extras: a catalog of all the alpha video films, featuring hundreds and hundreds of full-color movie posters. let's just hope that these films are in better shape than "jack london"!

jack london's life was certainly colorful enough for a dozen films about different aspects of him. sad to say though that what his life was used for in film was some wartime propaganda that put the best face on some of the least attractive parts of his character.jack london who barely saw the age of 40 when he died wrote some of the best stories around. he wrote on what he knew, but he also wrote as does everyone else bringing the baggage of his own life experience with him. some of that experience in another day and time would have been condemned as racism. but this was world war ii and london was a big believer in the 'yellow peril' as it was called back in the day.two thirds of the film covers his life as author, we see his years as a seaman from where he got the inspiration for the sea wolf. we see him up in the yukon in a miner's cabin with a dog that was no doubt his inspiration for the call of the wild. london was able to capture the spirit of adventure that his own life was all about right on paper for the world to enjoy ever since.the final third dealt with his time as a war correspondent covering the russo-japanese war. london was a socialist, but his socialism did not encompass folks who were oriental. like a few million others he saw the rising immigration of the chinese and japanese to our pacific coast as a threat to jobs for the white people. he advocated strict immigration policies for orientals.the film puts the cart before the horse. london is presented as a man who saw because he was on hand at the russo-japanese war what japan's ambitions were and for that reason was as xenophobic as he was. actually the kind of atrocities present in world war ii were not existent during the russo-japanese conflict. japan had her imperial ambitions, but so did everyone else including the usa at that time. but our immigration policies caused by pressure from our west coast politicians was a big contributing factor to the deterioration of relations with japan over a couple of generations. london was part of the cause not a prophet crying in the wilderness.this film was the first independent production of samuel bronston who later did some films with a bit more budget than jack london. had he a bit more money bronston might have gotten james cagney or spencer tracy, both who would have been right for the role. instead they got michael o'shea who was making his second film after lady of burlesque. o'shea is fine in the part, but certainly was no box office.as london is covering the war, he meets up with a captain tanaka who is played by leonard strong, an actor who specialized in orientals and played a ton of them in world war ii. from the vantage point in 1905 strong outlines in the best fu manchu tradition japan's imperial aims right up to taking on the usa eventually. must have gone over great with the swing shift crowd. a lot of course is left out of london's life including a first wife. playing the second and only wife in this film is susan hayward who only comes into the movie when it's half over. i wish we'd have seen more of her. charmian kittredge london survived her husband by almost 40 years dying in 1955.o'shea in fact met and married the leading lady of his life in jack london. virginia mayo has a small role in jack london and they married for 30 years until o'shea died in 1973.maybe one day we'll get a view of jack london that will be a lot better than this one.

caught this movie on the tube on a sunday. i thought it was so bad i looked it up on imdb to see what others thought of it. i was not surprised at the amount of silly people who enjoyed this fluff. i was however surprised when i looked into the comments to read the hated it categories only to find that their were none. i was shocked at this; i always look at the hated it's as their are always those who hate a movie no matter how good it is. somehow this movie made it through unscathed by the haters i say nay to that and proclaim proudly that i hate this movie! i know i should go into detail about why i hate this movie but to do so would only grant this movie more respect than it deserves.

as i watch this film, it is interesting to see how much it marginalizes black men. the film spends its time showing how powerless the most visible black man in it is (save for an heroic moment). for much of the film, the other black men (and dark-skinned black women) in the film are way in the background, barely visible.vanessa williams' character was strong and sympathetic. the viewer can easily identify and sympathize with her. there are also some fairly visible and three-dimensional support characters who are light-skinned, and some white characters of some warmth and dignity. but 99% of the black males in this film are nothing but invisible men. voiceless shadows in the background, of no consequence. such a horrible flaw, but anything but unusual in the mainstream media.

i am not an artistically inclined individual. i am a science minded woman and i felt that this movie was maybe one of those campy artsy type films on a budget. i watched part of it with my fiancé and my future step daughter. we tried very hard to find something in this film to keep our interest. my fiancé and his daughter voted it off and we moved on to ocean's 13,but that is another story. not to be deterred i awoke the next morning and gave the movie another shot. i began again watching this movie in earnest. i just don't get it,i thought i would get it.i thought the funniest part was the flushing of the ashes and the urn finding a spot by the fireplace being used as a vase for what appeared to be dead flowers. interesting and still it had dead stuff inside. it was an odd and bizarre movie. maybe this is what they were after,however i won't be tricked a second time!

i just rented (yes! i paid money to see!) this film. omg. it is one of the very worst films i have ever seen. as another reviewer put it, ms. colagrande, get out of films, please! please never make or appear in another film! the lady has the charisma of a cantaloupe. no, that's not fair to the cantaloupe, which probably has more going for it. she does not know how to act; she affects a disgusted look all the time (reminded me very much of my always-disgusted young sisters-in-law from europe). she is not charming; she is not pretty. there is no real story. and the editing! there wasn't any, that i could see! it's pretty bad when you are watching a film and, just to get through it, you press "forward forward" on your remote, and still nothing happens! i mean!..... i kept involuntarily screaming, "cut! cut!" what were they thinking? well, obviously, they thought they would make a film together and get paid to make love on screen! pretty good deal for them; pretty raw deal for the viewer! i think i'm going to throw up now....

the only reason i watched the movie till the end was the "hope" to see something interesting. the movie is really bad and the performance of the girl it is really, really bad, honestly, i am not a movie critic neither an expert but you just need common sense to notice that this work it is incredibly bad.the first thing that came to my mind as soon as she started to talk was: "she has an affair with willem dafoe and he accepted to help her with the screenplay and appear in her movie since she is the brilliant director"... surprise, surprise, next day after i watched the film i found out on internet that giada colagrande is his wife. awful story and terrible performance.

the photography on the dvd is so dark i thought the screen had died. i think i missed seeing half of the movie. still, it was poorly crafted and not interesting. i did not find the story related to the title "the black widow". i was hoping for a mystery or a thriller but did not get involved enough to care after the first few frames. i rented the movie especially for willem dafoe and was sad it wasted his talent. i do not believe giada colagrande has studied movie making long enough to develop a major motion picture. she is attractive and might develop into an actor but she took on too many tasks in this movie. although they are married in real life, they lack chemistry on the screen. their relationships did not seem believable. i do not understand why the other characters were even introduced into the plot.

i watched the dvd (called black widow in the u.s.a.) and felt afterward that it was, indeed, a truly awful movie. but they must have cut quite a bit out of the original film, or i missed a lot. the sex scenes had very little vulgarity and no nudity (not even a breast), but i've read several other comments on imdb.com mentioning the vulgarity and something about a tampon. i did not see anything like that, just a bad, boring film with unlikable characters and a trite, sophomoric plot. giada colagrande is either paralyzed from the mouth up or botoxed to the gills, and nary an expression touches her face. and her name makes me think of super-sizing a beverage at taco bell: "i'll have the cola grande!" it was actually kind of fun it was so bad, i got to play like i was in my own mystery science theater 3000, noting things like the fact that dafoe's skin is too big for his face. it's really like silly putty!

italian-born eleonora has inherited from her deceased lover karl, an ultra-modern and isolated house in the middle of the woods. it's winter and she meets the mysterious caretaker leslie, who eventually ends up not only just looking after the house, but also that of eleonora, as she tries to adapt to her new surroundings and a growing attraction between the pair.what was i expecting? a thriller indeed, but it wasn't quite so. that's just the advertising on the package for ya! i'm quite perplex about everything. the title, the story and the motivation. so how to classify it? well, this wooden character drama is more a enigmatically moody romance bound-story of alienation, possession and dependence twisted into a complicatedly passionate relationship of two masked individuals. co-writer (along with william dafoe) and director giada colagrande's art-house film is just too clinical, distant and calculated with its mysteriously metaphoric story, which it leaves you questioning what does it all really mean although when its sudden conclusion materialises, you'll thinking why should i actually care. what we go through feels aimless with ponderous exposition of dead air that focuses of insignificant details and images. sterile dialogues can contributed to many awkward developments, but more so make for an leaden experience, as it never delves deep enough. like it believes it does. the sexually salty activities filtered in just never convince and are far from erotic. they are kind of a bump in the already sluggish flow. the base of the plot makes for something interesting and fresh, but it's never fulfilling and i thought there'll be more to it then all of this dreary lingering. colagrande's direction is professionally stylish and suitably gloomy to want she imagines, but everything feels like it's in slow motion and can get caught up admiring the same views. most of the action stays at the one location the house. camera-work is potently taut, but the sullen musical score can get a bit ridiculous when it goes for some dramatically stabbing music cues that served little sense and purpose to the scenes. giada colagrande plays it sensually and william dafoe sleep walks the part. he looks dog tired! while seymour cassel, pokes his head in now and then.just where is it heading, is anyone's guess. well, that's if you can wait around for it. i think i'll give it the benefit of the doubt, as it's definitely not what i was expecting from this indie film.

the poster who called this "plotless and pointless" literally took the words i would have used in my subject line. the only thing i'd add is "passionless." for a film made by a real life married couple and featuring lots of graphic sex scenes this movie manages to make what should be a sultry situation into one beyond ice cold. dafoe and colagrande look bored during the sex scenes, and the viewer might as well take a valium and have done with it. also, please, the women in the audience have seen way too many used tampons in their time, and any guy who is turned on by seeing willem dafoe pull a bloody tampon out of his wife's vagina really needs to get therapy.i think the key to the film (if there is one) is the restaurant scene where a waiter explains to the perpetually sleepy-eyed dafoe what a "deconstructed jambalaya" is. (all the ingredients of the dish still separate rather than simmered together.) this movie is a "deconstructed thriller". all the elements are there: spooky, isolated house, dead spouse,creepy violins on the score, weirdo caretaker who comes and goes as he pleases, auto accident deaths and near deaths, characters with a secret past. basically every thriller cliché you can think of, but nothing comes together. everything just sits there and never meshes into a coherent plot or even an artsy mood piece. at the restaurant, dafoe passes on the "deconstructed jambalaya". prospective renters of this mess would do well to leave this deconstructed thriller on the video store shelf.

"i thought i'd be locked away in a padded cell and they'd throw away the key" (thus is a paraphrased snatch of dialogue from "state of mind".one wonders in what tangled forest paula milne and her co-writer found the magic mushrooms they must have eaten, to create this feeble "whodunnit" and bring such rubbish to our screens. a padded cell should indeed be left available.niamh cusack did her best, (as did the other actors) but surely her talent deserves a better vehicle than this. the height of absurdity has been reached, and this particular "state of mind" is best buried and forgotten, and certainly not just "placed in a box and locked away in a drawer".

utterly predictable silly show about a man who has killed his wife by mowing her down when driving and claimed he had blacked out. why was he still driving a car? why did he still feel able to drive a car having killed his wife with one? this question has not occurred to the writers. the story then witters on about a psychologist and her failing marriage which is tied into the failing marriage of wife-killing blackout driver. an omniscient mother and one dimensional child are thrown in for good measure, and the whole builds up to a predictable denouement and crashing finale. are police psychologists so easily taken in? deadful writing that the actors do their best with, but they are doomed to failure. this is on a par with a harlequin romance. don't waste your time watching this one unless that's what you are aiming for.

we purchased this series on dvd because of all of the glowing reviews we had seen here. i gave it three stars because there can be little doubt that sometimes the acting, directing and writing are brilliant. in fact they are so brilliant we did not see the propaganda that was being transmitted so smoothly on the series. if one watches it with discernment, one will see the entire litany of the radical right wing beliefs being promulgated by the fox (faux) news network. to avoid giving away any spoilers i will refrain from pointing out all of the dozens of specific instances. a brief look at the plots found here on imdb will disclose that everything from torture to gun control to the right of a network to provide "infomercials" and call them news is justified with cute plot twists and impassioned speeches given by some of the best actors in the world. we watched many shows and finally gave up in disgust when they justified torture using attorney general gonzales as a shining example of why all kinds of torture should be used in the name of protecting all of us. the series also manages to demean male and female gays in subtle ways by using them as plot devices depicting evil people. all in all the complete litany of the radical religious right wing.no doubt the popularity of this program will be used by future historians as proof that america lost its way in the early part of the this century. as a student of history myself i would characterize this program as being in a league with the propaganda produced by goebbels for hitler and some of the propaganda produced by hollywood for the american audience during wwii.so if you want to use this as a teaching tool to help your students understand how subtle propaganda can be then by all means do so. just be sure to purchase an inexpensive used copy so you can avoid enriching the ultra right wingers at faux network who produced this travesty.

boston legal has turned its tail and is headed for the barn door and th pig slop it has created! when this show first aired almost four season back it was a humorous slap at the legal system which all actors seem to take pride in portraying. it was funny, diversified, and to some extent factual. the characters portrayed were acceptable and to an extent real in their portrayals. the sexual comment and activity were limited and humorous. julie bowen is and was beautiful as in other series she participated but is now dragged to the lower depths of media programming of sex and violence. julie is an excellent actress and needs a more stable platform than this "production". rene adjurdubois is an excellent actor who has from the days of "benson" to this production held his own in the field of entertainment, always showing the humor and respectful acting of the production. captain kirk "is". funny and humorous is candace bergan and is to be admired for her continuing in this production and is a good actress. james spader, there is no doubt in his acting ability, however he should go back to his xxx origins such as "crash" as it appears he has much talent and inclination in that direction. we ask that this series be trashed as it already is and its really starting to smell!!!

i don't think this is too bad of a show under the right conditions. i tolerated the first season.unfortunately, this is a show about lawyers who aren't really lawyers. god forbid anybody actually go to law school based on these shows, which i had heard was the case when i watched some interviews of the show. it just made me gag a bit.that aside, spader and shatner, who are supposed to be the stars of the show, are the most annoying. while this might be a compliment in some situations, it's certainly not here. their constantly harassing the women on the show is funny at first. but since that's what they're doing literally all the time, i've realized that this is as deep as the show is going to get. trying to intersperse some serious, dramatic, and even tear-jerking moments in the middle of this mockery of a real show fails to compensate for the progressive loss of interest i've been experiencing trying to enjoy the show.alan shore's flamboyant and gratuitous "public service announcements" where he spouts off his opinions do not impress. denny crane is just annoying. i was embarrassed for him and for the writers of the show for crane's speech wearing a colonial outfit.i'm giving two stars because there are moments where i thought the show's attempts to deal with some contemporary issues were done with care.i think the show's writers became aware that the sexual harassment displayed by denny and alan was getting overbearing even to those who were more inviting of them from the start. the thing is, i don't care if the sexual harassment treatment in the show is done well, but i just felt that the writer was insulting me with artificially implanting sexual banters all over the show in the hopes that my libido will keep me coming back for more. i'm not a teenager anymore, and i think this show is promising if its goal wasn't to cater to the lowest common denominator to get ratings.of course, i'm writing this after i realized that it's really not gonna get much better than this. it's a shame because it's one of those shows i'd love to love.

william shatner in small doses is tolerable. unfortunately, instead of leaving his character as a minor irritation, and in that moderately amusing, it has been seen fit to enlarge his role and overdo it. just as occurred in the original star trek series. i guess i will never understand american humour, which frequently goes 'over the top' to get the message through. i vote with my feet. i no longer watch the show, which is a shame, because the rest of the cast were good. it is pity that shatner's overdone role also, affects james spader's performance. but the majority demonstrate the way society is going, i guess. i don't travel the same routes. frank

in my life i have seen many great and awful movies. i am not an expert in professional reviews, but i have definitely something to say about this one. firstly, these actors are the worst i have seen... their acting is so unreal that you even want to throw away the dvd in the first 2 minutes. i think that these actors were not interested in the quality. another awful thing is about these dialogs - they are so lame. you sometimes feel uncomfortable when you hear them. it seems that your 14 year old son could act better. i feel that this movie had a budget similar to the cost of my 14 year old european car...please, if my message reaches you - save your time and money.

this isn't a bad movie... but it's the type your girlfriend makes you watch. the story isn't bad .... it just makes the hour and a half seem so long. it's hard for me to trash this movie because i really do like the idea of it but it was just to long and thin on story... too bad. the main character never really seems to change all that much from beginning to end . i mean goes through something "life changing" and he can barely break a smile. i really thought mac was really good. his weird quirkiness kept the movie from being a complete disaster. maybe i just don't "get" this film. if anyone can explain it to me i'd love to be informed.

lets put it this way. i actually get this movie. i get what the writer/directer was trying to do. i understand that the dialog was meant to be dry and emotionless. i understand that the plot was supposed to be non-climactic and stale. that was what the writer/director was going for. a very very very dry humor/comedy. with all that understanding, i still think the movie sucked. it seemed like the writer/director was trying to recreate napolean dynamite with this movie. it had all of the same features. even the main character behaved similar to napolean. but napolean dynamite was actually funny. its script worked. this movie is not. it has no purpose. well, let me rephrase that. its only purpose is to rip off napolean dynamite and try to capture that look and feel. too bad it didn't work.

i never heard of this film til it played as part of a robert mitchum retrospective at the national film theatre in london. almost 60 years on the cast list looked tasty to say the least with seven names - in addition to top-billed mitchum - in the public domain; charles mcgraw, not long off the killers, barbara bel geddes, long before dallas and arguably still better known as the daughter of theatre set designer norman, walter brennan, who needed no introduction, frank faylen, the sadistic male nurse in the lost weekend and the much nicer small-town mensch in it's a wonderful life, robert preston still a decade away from harold hill in the music man with tom tully and phyllis thaxter making up the numbers. alas, most of them were wasting their time. i looked in vain for any 'signature' scenes given that it was robert wise on bullhorn. by this time he'd made around a half dozen films and had still to find a style. the story is our old friend the range war and mitchum must have thought it was barely a cut above the hopalong cassidy oaters on which he'd cut his teeth. there are no new twists - if you don't count the unbelievable scene when mitchum accuses preston of sleeping with thaxter to gain information about her father's plans to move his cattle. this is perfectly true but how did mitchum know? we've seen or heard nothing to indicate how he discovered it. on balance not a lot to be said for this.

the egyptian movies has a lot of filmes with high level of drama or romance or comedy or action even sports... "ziab la ta'kohl al lam" was banned in egypt because it content nudity (full frontal female nudity) and this kind of nudity is prohibited in the egyptian movies.. when i saw this movies i felt down... fool story.. nude actress.. bad action.. some horror & awful colors.. dear friend.. if you wanna see a great egyptian movie...simply: stay away form "ziab la ta'kohl al lam".. we have great movies in egypt... we have a great actors who won a global wins like: omar el sheriff or gameel rateb.. we have great directors like "yousef shahin" so believe me pall.. you don't need to see this movie..

ziab la ta'kol al lahem is an awful movie.this is only a superposition of scenes without a clear link.acting is also very bad, despite the presence of a good actor like ezzat el allayli. but something is really astonishing in this movie, talking about sexuality, emancipation of women, nude scenes are very rare in arab cinema,even in this days. i really congratulate the director and the actors for their courage. we want to see more of this style in egyptian movies, but with better quality. the reasons that led me to vote this film as an awful one are not only scenario and acting, but also the lack of prfessionalism. this movie look like an amateur one.we can see a lot of errors in the screen. if you want a good arab movie ziab la ta'kol al lahm is not the one recommended.but if you wish to encourage the uncensored movies in all the arab world watch it and make your friends and your family do the same.

i'm a great admirer of lon chaney, but the screen writing of this movie just did not work for me. the story jumps around oddly (i've since learned that the film is missing a section), and characters appear and disappear with irritating suddenness. some of the intertitles are overly explanatory (e.g., "why, you're not a child anymore!"--cut back to picture for a long, slow beat--"you're a woman!" yes, we got it the first time) but there are a few talking sequences that beg for explanations that never appear. (let's hear luigi and his blond girlfriend's argument, please!) the plot, which involves incestuous desires (figuratively if not technically) was disturbing to the point that it was hard to watch. to the writer's credit, this issue was treated as a problem, and a may-december match is not portrayed as the right-and-good inevitability of some mary pickford films (e.g., "daddy-long-legs"). chaney gives a good performance, as usual, but i think he has been better-directed in the past--he overdid it a few times here, imho. i did enjoy the clown sequences, and was very impressed at the stunts. loretta young was charming, though astonishingly young. the film has its moments, but so far, it's my least-favorite chaney picture.

"laugh, clown laugh" released in 1928, stars the legendary lon chaney as a circus clown named tito. tito has raised a foundling (a young and beautiful loretta young) to adulthood and names her simonetta. tito has raised the girl in the circus life, and she has become an accomplished ballerina. while chaney gives his usual great performance, i could not get past the fact that tito, now well into middle age, has the hots for the young simonetta. although he is not her biological father, he has raised her like a daughter. that kind of "ick" factor permeates throughout the film. tito competes for simonetta's affections with a young and handsome 'count' luigi (nils asther). simonetta clearly falls for the young man, but feels guilt about abandoning tito (out of loyalty, not romantic love). the whole premise of the film is ridiculous, and i find it amazing that no one in the film tells tito what a stupid old fool he is being (until he reveals it himself at the end). the film is noteworthy only because of loretta young, who would go on to have a great career. while i adore chaney's brilliance as an actor, this whole film seems off to me and just downright creepy.

a disappointing end to a season that started so well ...exodus part 2 and other notable episodes were amongst the best seen on tv in any series, where as this was rather bad.well i am not sure if it was the episode that was a disappointment, but the cheesy guitar music at that accompanied the closing sequence was laughable and would have been more at home in the original series.its almost as if the corporate execs didn't like the low key down note ending and wanted to jazz it up. they failed and rather spoilt everything.lets hope this is not a trend for the future.still at least we saw the return of a certain person even if somewhat bizarrely and tritely done.

i am glad to read so many negative comments about the tritter plot. everyone i talk to says the same thing. they like house's gruff nature and his intelligence, but really dislike the vindictiveness of this continuing plot. it cuts into the real nature of the hospital story and makes everyone angry at police authority. it needs to have a more caring nature instead of the vindictiveness to everyone at the hospital. also, there seems to be many questionable legal aspects to what tritter is actually doing. he alone cannot freeze accounts and have the authority to stop doctors from writing prescriptions for patients. a lot of the vindictiveness he is showing also is hurting the very sick patients at the hospital and the is not a good storyline to portray. i voted the episode awful not because of the story itself, but when you insert the trittor piece it turns me off and the rest of the plot gets hurt by it, people say they hate to watch the story lines anymore. please change it. get tritter out.

the premise, while not quite ludicrous, was definitely ridiculous. what should have occurred, by the second encounter with tritter was that tritter should simply be wasted. house hires some guy and de-physicalizes tritter. in real life, tritter would have been hauled up for harassment, the rectal thermometer episode would have been exposed in court, providing motive and opportunity and the hospitals lawyers would have made mincemeat out of tritter and the particular department he worked for. he would be in prison as would anyone complicit in the harassment of house, chase, foreman, cameron, wilson and cuddy. the lawsuit would have won house a tasty settlement, enough to keep him supplied with vicadin well into his old age. while tritter would wind up somewhere driving a cab, trying to rehabilitate himself by doing good for people for two years before people tumbled to the fact that they'd seen it all before.

when i read most of the other comments, i felt they were way too glowing for this movie. i found it had completely lost the spark found in the earlier zatoichi movies and just goes to prove that after a long absence from the screen, it's often best to just let things be. i completely agreed with the star trek analogy from another reviewer who compared the first star trek movie to the original series---millions of excited fans were waiting and waiting and waiting for the return of the show and were forced to watch a bland and sterile approximation of the original.the plot is at times incomprehensible, it is terribly gory (though the recent new zatoichi by beat takeshi is much bloodier) and lacks the heart of the originals. i didn't mind the blood at all, but some may be turned off by it (particularly the scenes with the severed nose and the severed heads). in addition, time has not been good to ichi--he seems a broken and sad man in this film (much, much more than usual)--and that's something fans of the series may not really want to see.this was a very sorry return for zatoichi. unless you are like me and want to see every zatoichi film, this one is very skipable. see one of the earlier versions or the 2003 all-new version.

this is to the zatoichi movies as the "star trek" movies were to "star trek"--except that in this case every one of the originals was more entertaining and interesting than this big, shiny re-do, and also better made, if substance is more important than surface. had i never seen them, i would have thought this good-looking but empty; since i had, i thought its style inappropriate and its content insufficient. the idea of reviving the character in a bigger, slicker production must have sounded good, but there was no point in it, other than the hope of making money; it's just a show, which mostly fails to capture the atmosphere of the character's world and wholly fails to take the character anywhere he hasn't been already (also, the actor wasn't at his best). i'd been hoping to see ichi at a late stage of life, in a story that would see him out gracefully and draw some conclusion from his experience overall; this just rehashes bits and pieces from the other movies, seasoned with more sex and sfx violence. not the same experience at all.

i liked boyle's performance, but that's about the only positive thing i can say. everything was overdone to the point of absurdity. most of the actors spoke like you would expect your 9-year-old nephew to speak if he were pretending to be a jaded, stone-hearted cop, or an ultra-evil villain. the raspy voice-overs seemed amateurish to me. i could go buy a cheap synthesizer and crank out better opening music. and what's with the whole 1984ish police torture stuff? it was totally superfluous and had nothing to do with the actual events of the story. cox added a lot of things, in fact, that he apparently thought would be really cool, but had nothing to do with the story. that's a big disappointment because one of the things that makes borges' stories so good is his minimalism -- they are tightly bound, with no superfluous details. this movie is just the opposite. i stopped watching after the scene where lonnrot is questioning the guy from the yidische zaitung, or thereabouts. i wasted $4 renting this, but at least i can get some satisfaction from writing this review and hopefully saving others from making the same mistake.

this wilfully bizarre adaptation of borges short story is typical cox. his strong visual sense is, as usual, undone by the appalling half baked acting of most of the cast. the film is definitely in the surreal tradition of bunuel's mexican period, and looks at times like a poor man's take on lars von trier's elements of crime. cox's apparent preference for single takes, jump cuts, and ambient sound recording all work against the film's effectiveness. worth a look but ultimately disappointing.

i respect alex cox the filmmaker, i really do. he's like the kid at school who you think at first is just trying a little too hard to be "different", a literary punk-rocker who has dipped more than his feet into spaghetti westerns and science fiction and fringe-culture and come out into the world ready to take s*** on... but then you see what he can actually do, the talent and raw feverish artistry and moments of true absurd hilarity capable of him, and you are ready to see whatever he has to offer. but there's two sides to his proverbial coin: he can either really hit it out of the park (repo man, sid & nancy, walker arguably) or just try just a little too hard and pull way too many pretentious rabbits out of the hat (straight to hell). death and the compass falls into the latter category, and while i respect its (mostly) original approach to tackling a detective-killer story, it too falls on its face and its weirdness becomes oddly dull.it has a strange enough set-up and already irreverent style to follow: a detective, erik lonnrot, is after a killer with a hell-fire voice, red (something), and it seems that the killer is leaving disturbing clues with his victims: scrawled in blood on the walls are messages that, according to eyewitness alonso zunz (christopher eccleston looking as if he just walked off shallow grave without changing his look) has religious significance in the kabbalah. we follow lonnrot on his case, and his methods of going after the perp, which include following at first a triangular and then compass-shaped pattern on the map- this despite the protests of the flabbergasted commissioner treviranus (miguel sandoval), who also looks back in flash-forwards sitting at a desk and speaking to the audience in garbled but sad descriptions of his former employee and colleague after the fact of the case.oh, cox has his moments of creativity and interest, such as a shot where we see the entire scope of the harrowing depths of the police station where eccleston's character is taken in by handcuffs ("for his own protection" says lonnrot in case of getting lost in the wrong room) and we're followed in a long tracking shot- maybe the best or just most curious- where we're taken through very dark hallways with very little direction, lost in the maze of turns and oddities among the characters. and it's never something that isn't fascinating to *look* at, with miguel garzon's cinematography a morbid delight. but the plot goes through hoola-hoops to keep things so off-beat it might as well be beat-less all-together. the performances, save for a confident boyle and for eccleston at the very end, are pretty bad, especially sandoval who just seems to squirm in his seat reciting the goofy dialog given to him to speak at the audience.while the murder plot itself contains an intention for the audience that this isn't something we've seen before, that it's in a society with a good many rioters and architecture suggesting alphaville's next decrepit wave, it too fizzle's out very quickly. what's the conflict here? i was never that much engaged with boyle's own personal mission to find this killer, and only mildly caught up in the few flashes of deranged scenes of the killer (and/or killers) going after people like in the building early on (cox himself has an amusing cameo). and just when i started to think it was leading up to something spectacular, with boyle and eccleston in that big ("not as big as you think") building in the south section of the city, it suddenly gives us a "twist" that we know in the back of our minds is coming but hope isn't, and it deflates any of the humdrum mystery it's been leading up to. for all of cox's uncanny touches as a filmmaker, for all of his opposition to spoon-feeding the audience with a 'conventional' approach, which i do respect, death and the compass ultimately cuts one off at the brain-stem; it's masturbatory.

had i checked imdb before renting this dvd from netflix, i'd have a couple of hours of my life back. i'm frankly suspicious when i see that a film's director also wrote it. in this case, according to the credits, the same guy was "writter and director" - unfortunately, an indication of the overall quality of this production. there were a few interesting moments (e.g., judy tenuta's scene reminded of her early comedy routines touting judy-ism) which led me to rate this two stars rather than one. those moments, however, were few and far between ... and i almost did not get to see them because the opening sequence was nearly incomprehensible to me, not to mention reprehensible in its violence. i admit i went back to watch that part again to see if i had missed something that would help me figure it out once i'd seen the whole thing. nope, though i at least recognized who the characters were who would turn out to be important later. the "spinning camera" technique was overused and essentially pointless. i found myself talking to the tv screen: "what?!?" or "for goodness sake, get on with it!" not recommended.

first off - there's absolutely no flirting going on in this film - with anthony or anyone else. these people don't flirt - they just do it. your first test of endurance is to wade through more than 15 minutes of intense violence and sexual perversion. this wouldn't be so bad - hell, i like violence and perversion as much as the next reviewer, but without a context to put it in, it is repellent. so you make it through the torture and mayhem. then we meet donna and the movie turns into something all together different - not better - just different: a road picture without heart. there are lame attempts at comedy thanks to cameos - broadly written and broadly played by broads like judy tenuta and mink stole (and a few hookers and drag queens, too). they all deserve better. the photography is purposely disorienting, so if you get motion sickness (or really any kind of sickness) - this flick is not for you. come to think of it, i'm not sure just who this flick is for -except maybe gay and bi-sexual s&m fans who like poorly scripted, poorly shot indy films about themselves.

if you like to see animals being skinned alive, their heads smashed, dogs throats being crushed my men stomping on them, then this one is for you! but if you are somewhat normal, and don't need to see real footage of animal cruelty, pass this one up. this movie tries to shock the viewer, and it sure does.with the animal snuff at the beginning, and the killing of babies in the movie (fake at least)its was enough to make myself turn it off.i've seen movies like this before that show slaughterhouse footage (btk movie) and this kind of footage should not be allowed in a horror movie.we watch gore and horror because we know its just make-up, and special effects, so we shouldn't sit down to watch a movie and see the real killing of animals, its not what we rented the movie for.if anything, there should be a large warning label put on these types of garbage movies so people won;t be surprised by it. as a very hardcore horror fan, this one turned my stomach. the entire movie cast and crew need their heads checked.

everyone in a while, disney makes one of thoes movies that surprises everyone. one that keeps you wondering until the very end. in the tradition of pirates of the caribbean, this movie is sure to turn into a ghost, and kill and rape your village. it's terrible. if you want a mindless, senseless, predictable "action" movie, go right ahead. i believe that young kids might enjoy this, as they like it when good always wins. but me, i like movies where it's a toss up who's going to win. this movie never lets the bad guys have the upper hand. by the end, when th heroes are left in an "inescapeable" pit, you just know that they can get out. everything works out perfect for cage and his friends, he never has to think over a riddle or clue for more than 10 seconds, no matter how complex it is. see this movie if you want to see some impressive set designs, not if you want to see good acting, or a good film. go watch a superman movie, it would be much shorter, and the kids would like it more. for instance, the scene where cage is fleeing from armed gunmen, and the bullets are all deflected by a the railing of a fire escape. (and i'm not talking about a fence or anything, just one little pole) this movie shows the decay of films and the film industry to cheap gags and dull, unrealistic action, which this movie provides in huge quantities.

having read some good reviews about this film i thought it was about time i go and see it. well i don't know why i bothered. basically this family is entrusted with a clue that leads to a whole big stash of ancient treasure, hidden by the knights templar during the war of independence. apparently it had to be kept out of the hands of the british at all costs. firstly, why did said knights move the treasure from europe to america? how did nic cages character figure out that 'charlotte' was in fact a ship? how do they figure out all the clues and riddles in about a minute? and how could two people suddenly become master thieves and steal what is probably the best guarded bit of paper in the world? these are just some of the plot holes in this inane bit of hollywood action gone wrong. cage has been in some great action movies - 'face-off' and 'the rock' - so why has he lowered himself to this? is he getting too old?! his character is pretty annoying really - somehow this 'ordinary' guy steals the declaration of independancd, outruns thieves with guns, escapes from the fbi and generally seems invincible. the whole film doesn't really make any sense and all in all it was quite a disappointment.

i have seen many good korean movies including thrillers and movies with darker overtone, but this one sucks. the director seems to be a sadist, who happened to get someone to produce some junk. the movie lacks any sort of entertainment value and is not even a thriller. i can't believe someone really made such a movie. even though acting is ok, the story line and the feeling it leaves is awful.i am sure, i am not going to see any movies of this director. no sense of movie making, and utter disappointment in having thriller moments. all this has is showing scenes with psychopath wasting the reels with badly shot scenes and showing more blood and violence thinking that makes it thrilling. very disappointing movie and i strongly recommend skipping all the movies of this sort.

'say yes' is one of those flicks that you keep hoping is going to get better, but it never does. it's the kind of 'motiveless psychopath decides to menace an innocent couple' crapfest, so beloved of straight to video film-makers. the dialogue is clunky and, in several places, poorly translated. the acting is uniformly poor, especially from the villain of the piece, played by joong-hoon park. he seems to think that by not blinking and trying to talk in a deep voice he is making his character seem threatening, when all it really does is make him seem a bit simple.the plot deserves special mention, as it is idiotic beyond all belief. the 'heroes' don't think it overly strange that their hitchhiker threatens to kill them. the 'heroine' twice manages to miss seeing the villain when he is no more than a foot away from her. the villain gets past a police checkpoint (while wearing a shirt covered in blood, and a bloody head bandage) by showing the cops a burnt corpse in the passenger seat of the car he is driving. the villain is punched, clubbed with a shovel and stuck through with a pitchfork, but never seems to be impeded by these, rather serious, injuries. and don't even get me started on that terrible 'twist' ending. sheesh.the only plus point in this film, for me, is sang mi chu. who is very pretty, but really no more than a mediocre actress.overall, this film comes off like a poorly written, flaccidly acted and shockingly directed attempt to copy 'the hitcher' and 'spoorloos', but it fails at every turn due to a lack of talent in everyone involved.

this film is not deserved of the next few minutes i will spend criticizing it, but i know many people, like myself, rely on imdb.com to assist in deciding on films. for that reason alone, i am writing this."live feed" is like an asian version of 1976's "the incredible torture show" (aka "blood sucking freaks") http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0077247/. torture, dismemberment, murder, cannibalism... sure, it's all here along with a third-grade script, pathetic acting, and a perverted failure of an attempt at black comedy.the film takes place in china, yet everyone speaks english. there is an abundance of girls in the film who are horrified by the butchering of dogs in a marketplace, yet are sexually excited about entering a porno parlor. one gal who is disgusted by the filth in a restroom stall moments later is still there having at it with her friends boyfriend (how he even got in there might be the only engaging thing about this whole film.) the film is absolutely awful, even for a b-movie. even if you were to download it for free, it would be an insult to your hard drive.

whoa nelly! i've heard a ton of mixed reviews for this...but one of my go to hardcore horror reviewers really found it to be disappointing. man was he right on the nose! this movie was acted by pure amateurs. they had to have done one take, maybe two on each scene, the movie seemed soooo rushed. the script was also poor....they had lines that tried to be unique but failed. miserably. "get your meathooks off of me!" oh man, i hate it when movies try to do that. it happens all the time with comedies...but, with a horror movie and with below average actors....the results are incredibly pathetic. the lines and scenarios were all very predictable. but what made me feel so negative towards this movie was, again, the damn acting. it was awful. besides by the little asian guy who worked the booth. i thought he was great.the movie is about 5 stupid dumbsh!t tourist who are on a vacation in asia. they end up at the wrong place and fall into the hands of a mafia run sex/slaughterhouse. sounds like a cool story. but watching someone with a bad case of diarrhea is probably more fun and intense to watch. the only reason this is considered horror is because of the killing. there wasn't a trace of suspense.i like many other horror fans were dying to get their bloody little mitts on this. but unfortunately with a huge capital u, the movie was incredibly disappointing. i did enjoy the ankle break and the blood effects. the flabby chicks were also so so.everything about this movie screams amateur. this is ryan nicholson's first feature length, and for the most part he failed. there's no denying he has a sick sense of humor and taste for horror. i pray his next movie doesn't play out like another b horror flick...unless he tells us that's what it's gonna be. even after this disappointment i'm willing to give ryan another shot. from what i've seen of him, he's a true, dedicated man to the genre. good luck next time, because this was bad news.

there was no characterization in this movie and really shows how much this talentless hack who directed this needs to learn his craft. all his characters in this movie were so unlikable and i could care less. the best point in this movie was the end credits and the hour long shower after this cause i felt so damn dirty that i wasted money on this stinking load. hey genius....triads and yakuza are from two different places learn something about asian culture. the dog scene in this felt so tacked on and useless. this dvd does prove useful i do love my new coaster.so kids don't waste your cash on this crap buy hostel instead.

this movie is a lot like the movie hostel, except with *bad* acting and not much suspense. the gore elements are there, but you don't really feel anything for the characters, making the violence not very effective. some parts are just strange... like forcing a snake down someones throat. what's up with that? is that supposed to be scary or gory? it's just kind of stupid. as for torture, there really isn't any (except for the guy getting blow-torched in the beginning, which they don't show anyway). the main bad guy keeps saying "make them die slowly", yet the butcher kills them all very fast. the deaths are all relatively quick. yes, i did watch the "unrated" version. so, overall, not the worst gore movie i've seen, but not at all good either. you won't miss anything if you skip this one.

some gorehound-friends recommended "live feed" to me, and basically i can't really complain as the film certainly does deliver copious amounts of gross smut and buckets full of sleaze, but it is of course not a very good film. more than obviously cashing in on the latest trend in horror cinema, the so-called torture porn, ryan nicholson tries to surpass every other film in this sub genre (and that includes the role models "hostel" and "saw") with its sick & twisted make-up effects and thoroughly depraved shots of naked co-eds tried up, suffering and begging for their lives. there's no actual plot to describe. five utterly brainless twenty-something friends take a trip to asia. one of them has asian roots, but other than that i don't really know why they opted to travel there instead of to cancun. they're clearly not interested in the continents culture and even cause a hectic scene when they witness a local butchering a cute puppy dog on the market. the quintet subsequently dives into the lurid night life and one of them accidentally insults the leader of a criminal clan. a simply apology clearly doesn't suffice, as the gangster follow them into an adult theater and gradually subject all of them to vicious torture. one girl has her breast impaled and another poor wench even has a poisonous snake shoved down her throat; yikes. "live feed" is surprisingly boring despite of all the bloodshed and the amateurish production values are quite difficult to overlook, even if you're used to watching independent fan-boy trash cinema like this. the fat bloke depicted on the cover, an oriental s&m executioner, is admittedly quite cool and he's also the most talented of the whole bunch, because he at least keeps his mouth shut the entire time. i wouldn't exactly recommend this pile of filth, but hey, if you like loud & hideous metal music, nauseating torture footage and dim-witted losers, go right ahead and watch!

i wasn't at all a fan of the 2005 gore fest hit "hostel", and most of these lame ass knock-offs are just as bad or worse - yet "live feed" managed to keep me somewhat entertained for about the first 30 minutes. started off with plenty of sex and sleazy settings, followed by some good death scenes involving the chinese organized crime squad and a 7-foot, leather-aproned butcher... what put me out of the movie was the tough 'hero' with the guns and a grudge saving the day... i would call this movie mediocre, at best, since a premise mainly involving obnoxious young people being slaughtered in a seedy porno theater, doubling as a hideout for the mafia, is appealing to me. if only the torture was prolonged enough to be thoroughly effective, then my rating would have differed greatly. unfortunately, most of the gruesomeness is heaped together in one scene, leaving the rest of the movie to conclude as a revenge-type scenario. so, basically, it is just a low-budget "hostel" rip-off with the redeeming use of gratuitous sex, almost constant during the first half of the film... overall, i would say don't bother with this one.

first i'd like to excuse my bad english.i'm not a hostel-hardcore-fan, but i liked that movie nevertheless. live feed, however, sucked big time! i have never seen a gore-movie with superb acting, but hey, who's surprised? the acting in live feed was... well, not there! i've seen some commented this as it must have been a school project or something. okey, but not by students in media or acting school. this was no class at all! and what about the story? a really sad rip-off on hostel. and what about the gore? what about the psychopathic torture scenes that supposed to make your guts twist and leave you cold-sweating? that was the most disappointing about the hole movie! short, quick and no edge. more like an execution rather than a torture. okey, there where buckets of blood, but it didn't even look real. the slaughtering and the violence reminded more of braindead than hostel or any of the saw-movies. and braindead was fun! okey, i laughed at live feed a couple of times, but that was more out of disappointment than out of sheer fun!so instead of wasting 80 minutes by watching live feed, watch anything else!

anyone who has said that it's better than hostel is talking complete crap, believe me i'm not a fan of hostel but this is just ridiculous. this is just another shot on camcorder, straight to dvd, low on ideas waste of your time, i can't believe how many of these films there are and i'm yet to see a decent one. in the 80's video nasties, gore and horror movies were made with no budget but a great story and a load of new ideas and most importantly the heart and soul of the director who had something to say. now they just seem to be pumped out in an attempt to trick people browsing in blockbuster to rent a copy, until people stop doing this then i guess these films will keep appearing. this film is so low on ideas it's just amazing how it ever got made, the acting is also terrible, the location completely unconvincing and the soundtrack is so annoying it beggars belief. this waste of time has absolutely nothing going for it, unless you're on a quest to compile a list of the worst movies of all time. my best/worst part of the film is when a female character is pointing a gun at someone and threatening to shoot them if they don't back off, you can see that she isn't even covering the trigger with her finger just holding the grip. an absolute joke.

i agree with the last reviewer that this movie had terrible acting. yes, there was a lot of gore and some nudity. but it was overshadowed by a slow-moving, meaningless plot and dumb ending. where was this supposed to be filmed anyway: a canadian chinatown or hong kong? hostel was a much better movie and i would recommend seeing that instead. a technical annoyance i had with the dvd is that if you shut off the spanish subtitles, they return after a few scenes and then you have to go back to the main menu and turn them off again. also, don't waste your time on the deleted scenes because there's no audio and it just looks like tourist footage.

2005 gave us the very decent "gore porn" flick hostel, and 2006 gave us live feed; a not so decent rip-off of hostel. live feed follows pretty much the same formula as eli roth's earlier film, except this time the dumb kids are in asia rather than central europe. the plot focuses on these dumb kids, and one of them has annoyed one of the locals so they find themselves in trouble. the locals decide to lock them all in a theatre, and kill them. despite the fact that i'd heard some less than favourable things about this film before seeing it, i still hoped that it might be at least half decent because director ryan nicholson previously made the very decent 45 minute rape and revenge film 'torched', but this film falls down simply because most of it is either ridiculous or boring. the film is obviously trying to hark back to the good old days of grindhouse cinema (which hostel did, successfully), but it really doesn't come off. surprisingly, considering nicholson's previous work in special effects - not even the gore is impressive...although it is a lot better than the acting! there's not much else i can say about this film...it's bad and not in a good way. avoid it!

an obvious b-grade effort to cash in on the hostel/saw buzz, my expectations for this film were low (really low!) and yet it still managed to disappoint on every level. the acting is so bad it's not even funny, the plot-line is non-existent and the only scare was realizing that i had wasted 1hour 21 minutes watching it! i'm surprised to note that 34 people gave it a 10 star rating. i can only suspect that 33 of these are cast and crew. the 34th is possibly the directors mother? - although i'm sure even she would find it hard to go higher than a 2! dvd extras include an hour long "making of" feature. which raises the question, "why?" (although perhaps it serves to demonstrate what not to do!). avoid at all costs.

i just want to start by saying this is the first review of a film i have done on the net. i felt the need to warn people about this film because it truly is one of the worst films i have ever seen. after reading interviews with the director he says he respects constructive criticism and so i will try to avoid bashing the film just for the sake of it and offer my opinions as to why i found it to be so catastrophically terrible.1. the actors. i know the budget may not have allowed for great thespians but with nicholson working in the industry for over ten years surely he knew some actors who were at least average.2. the incredibly lame make up and special effects. once again budget obviously interfered with what was originally intended but after working in make up for so many years there is really no excuse.3. the obvious similarities to hostel. whilst not being exactly a rip off it sure does try to cash in on the former films success. only problem is roth knew where he was going and exactly how to get there...4. the music. not at all creepy or haunting not even sickening just plain annoying.5. the script in general. all dialogue was forced and terrible! also the sub plots about the theatre and the guy who comes in to save them were weak as and almost like an afterthought.6. the editing. wtf. how jarring, and not in a good way. nuf said.seriously i would like to hear the director's thoughts on my post (he no doubt frequents his pages on imdb.) cause buddy... what were you thinking. surely at some point during either the shooting or editing you realised what a turkey yolu had on your hands... sorry i don't want to be harsh but you must have more talent than this i hope your next feature that gutterballs movie or wahtever is better, hopefully practice makes progress.but in the mean time avoid this like the plague. i want my 81 mins back with interest. (at least i didn't pay to watch it.)

live feed is set in some unnamed chinese/japanese asian district somewhere as five american friends, sarah (ashley schappert), emily (taayla markell), linda (caroline chojnacki), mike (lee tichon) & darren (rob scattergood) are enjoying a night on the town & taking in the sights. after a scuffle in a bar with a japanese triad boss (stephen chang) they decide to check out a porno theatre, as you would. inside they are separated & quickly find out that the place belongs to the triad boss who uses it to torture & kill people for reasons which aren't made clear. can local boy miles (kevan ohtsji) save them?this canadian production was co-written, produced & directed by ryan nicholson who also gets a prosthetic effects designer credit as well, one has to say that live feed is another pretty poor low budget shot on a camcorder type horror film that seems to exist only to cash in on the notoriety & success of hostel (2005) & the mini craze for 'torture porn' as it's become known. according the imdb's 'trivia' section for live feed writer & director nicholson wrote it after hearing about certain activities taking place in live sex theatres, for my money i reckon he wrote it after watching hostel! the script is pretty poor, there is no basic reason given as to why this porno theatre has a big fat ugly freak dressed in bondage gear lurking around torturing & killing people, none. was it for the triads? was it for his pleasure? was it to make snuff films to sell? some sort of explanation would have been nice. also why did he turn on the triad boss at the end? if your looking for a film with a coherent story then forget about live feed. it seemed to me to be some sort of uneasy misjudged mix of sex, s&m, horror, torture, gore & action films which doesn't come off. i mean just setting a horror film in a porn theatre isn't automatically going to make your film any good, there still needs to be a decent script & story, right? the character's were fairly poor clichés & some of their actions & motivations were more than a little bit questionable. it moves along at a reasonable pace, it's fairly sleazy mixing gore, sex & nudity but it does look cheap which lessens the effect.director nicholson doesn't do anything special here, the editing is choppy & annoying, he seems to think lighting almost every scene with neon lights is a good idea & the film has a cheap look about it. available in both 'r' & 'unrated' versions i saw the shorter cut 'r' version which really isn't that gory but i am prepared to give the benefit of the doubt to the 'unrated' version & say that it might be much, much gorier but i can't say for sure. there's a fair amount of nudity too if that's your thing. i wouldn't say there's much of an atmosphere or many scares here because there isn't & aren't respectively although it does have a sleazy tone in general which is something it has going for it i suppose.technically live feed isn't terribly impressive, the blood looks a little too watery for my liking & entire scenes bathed in annoying neon lights sometimes makes it hard to tell whats happening, it to often looks like it was shot on a hand-held camcorder & the choppy editing at least on the 'r' rated version is at times an annoying mess. shot on location in an actual porn theatre somewhere in vancouver in canada. the acting is poor, sometimes i couldn't tell if the actresses in this were supposed to be crying or laughing...live feed is not a film i would recommend anyone to rush out & buy or rent, i didn't think much of it with it's very weak predictable storyline lacking exposition & which goes nowhere, poor acting & less than impressive gore (at least in the 'r' rated cut anyway). watch either hostel films again or instead as they are superior.

my mother keeps a cassette of this film as a general threat to any film loving person who annoys her. everything about it stinks.as such it is a true classic.who gave it 10/10? were you inadvertently watching a good film and accidentally voted for this one?everyone involved in the movie making process should be forced to watch at least a small section of this film. it should be an indelible stain on the minds on all that hold film sacred and be revered as the tide mark of the cinematically dire.

......in a horror movie that is. alright first off , lets start with kate. her main goals include getting laid by george clooney, looking good and last but not least screwing everyone over. gotta love her. she had about 3 amazingly good chances to finish off this sicko but ..... instead she ran. i mean she didn't wanna bring guy out for 10 minutes and when she did it was too late. i mean the guy tried to rape her. i cant get into these movies where the main character is a sad idiot. i mean who honestly would have any sympathy for a guy who finishes off everyone she has meet in a night. the movie kept going on. and as a result lost all its credibility.

"sundown:the vampire in retreat" is a rubbish.the acting is terrible,the atmosphere is non-existent and the characters are uninteresting.the only scary thing about this piece of scum is that majority of the imdb users gave it a 10.this is really horrifying.no gore,no suspense,no violence,nothing.bruce cambell("the evil dead","intruder")is completely wasted,the supporting cast is also terrible.yes,some people may like this picture,especially a mainstream society but hard-core horror fans or gore-hounds won't enjoy this piece of crap.personally i hate horror comedies,i prefer watching serious horror movies like "cannibal holocaust" or "last house on the left".in my opinion,a real horror movie is supposed to be scary,excessively bloody and disturbing,without stupid humour,which usually ruins the whole concept.this one isn't scary,isn't gory,isn't even funny as a comedy,so don't waste your precious time.

sundown - featuring the weakest, dorkiest vampires ever seen, accompanied by one of the most unfitting, pretentious scores ever written - and with shane the vampire, who's every move and spoken word was so ridiculous that i burst out laughing half the times and rolled my eyes the rest.the vampires don't seem to have any special powers at all - except for strength (sometimes), being able to switch off a lamp with their mind (one time) and... that's it, really. ever imagine count dracula worriedly recoiling from a fight 'cause he ran out of bullets? neither did i. practically any other movie-dracula would eat this one for breakfast, skin his followers and use their bones as toothpicks.the main plot of the movie is that a human family of four gets caught up in a vampire gang fight - dracula's vs. some old geezer's. it could have been some good old b-flick fun, but the overly dramatic music was clearly written by someone who took this movie a bit too seriously, and ends up ruining the remaining part of the movie not already ruined by clay bats, mediocre acting and the laughable screenplay.in the end it's just too silly to be funny. sure, it has some amusing moments, but they're few, and far apart.

!!!!! of course there's spoilers !!!!! i'm sure this project started off as a screen writing workshop on avoiding clichés in horror movies: female protagonist - check bad things happen to drug takers - check heorine knocks out villain - check heroine doesn't notice villain recovering unconsciousness - check frame the sequence so we see recovered villain creep up behind heroine - check unfortunately it seems someone has sent this cliché list to a film studio instead of using it for class . dear oh dear if only london transport was as regular as the clichés turning up here . in fact there's so many clichés and seen it all before moments that no one actually thought about going into detail as to what the eponymous creep is or how long he's been killing people on the underground . i'm led to believe it's the result of some human experiment and perhaps it's not until that night he decided to take his revenge out on humanity but all this is so vague as to be meaningless not to be totally negative i doubt very much if the producers thought they'd be making a film that was going to sweep the oscars that year and there's always a market for horror movies . likewise i doubt if it cost too much produce and had one eye on the dvd market rather than cinema distribution and i will state that it's slightly better than 1972's death line which also featured a murderous cannibal hiding in the london underground . it's just that when you think all the clichés have been used up in this film another cliché comes along to raise its ugly head

i've been largely convinced to write this review for a number of reasons:1) this is, without doubt, the worst film i've ever seen 2) unless it gets more reviews it will not be listed in the all time worst films list - which it deserves to be 3) i was kinda lucky - i paid five pound for it. i've seen it in shops for 15 pound. don not pay that much for this film! you will be very angry 4) there are a lot of films out there in the horror genre that are not given a fair rating (in my opinion) and giving this film a higher rating than them is criminalthe plot summary: a guy with no friends meets a tramp who promises the world - well, the magic ability to appear to everybody else like somebody else. our hero cunningly turns into a teenage girl and joins their gang - sitting on swings, baby-sitting. he kills them one by one until he is tracked and found by the police.why is it so bad? to begin with the acting is very very bad. someone else compared it to a school production. no, this is worse than any acting i've seen on a school stage.i've bought a number of these previously banned films from the dvd company vipco and not been as disappointed as i was at this. okay, the acting is bad but the film fails to deliver in every other sense. what was the point in making this film when there isn't even any gore! okay, no gore. what else can a film like this offer? breats? no, not even any titillation!it's true this film may have a certain charm in its unique naffness but any potential buyer/watcher of this film should be fairly advised that this film is, at best, worth only one out of ten.

i've seen a movie thats sort of like this, were a transsexual drugs woman and he then picks there nose with a knife and rips there nose to peaces. he then slices there tongue and eats it.the most gruesome part of the movie is were he cuts there left eye out and starts dancing with it. he then starts to eat the woman naked.(i'm not sure what the movies called but i know it's a cult movie and that it was made in germany).anyway the nose picker is fairly crap.its a crap movie and the picture and volume quality is very rubbish.please don't waste you're time buying and watching this movie its totally crap.i prefer day of the woman also known as i spit on your grave (its one of the best cult movies ever) check out this link http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0077713/

sometimes a film comes along that is unique. the nostril picker is one such film, the nostril picker is like no other film i have ever seen, unfortunately for the nostril picker & myself it's unique for different reasons than what the filmmakers had originally intended. read on & all shall hopefully become clear... the nostril picker, as it's commonly know although it was apparently filmed under the title the changer, starts with some extremely dull shots of an american town somewhere, streets & factory's that sort of thing, as the opening credits play. when the nostril picker begins proper we, the viewer that is, are introduced to a real loser named joe bukowski (carl zschering) who is in his 40's, he lives on his own in a crappy little apartment where he watches t.v., eats beef flavoured dog food & listens to old vinyl records as he dances with a blow up rubber sex doll. joe likes teenage girls, he has various porn magazines but enjoys the real thing even more. however, being an ugly git joe can't tempt any young ladies to go out with him, or do anything else with him for that matter. one fateful day an old homeless vietnam vet (horace grimm) sees the agony & pain that joe has to go through (actually he sees joe being spoken to by the cops for hassling a teenage girl) & decides to help him out. he tells joe about an incantation that he learned from the 'gooks' in vietnam that will transform joe's appearance into whatever he likes. a process he calls morphosynthesis, but at the same time he warns joe that 'it makes you crazy if you do it too much'. that night joe decides to give it a try, in a public place on a podium for some reason. joe says a few words, does an extremely silly dance & starts yodelling. joe finishes off by whistling london bridge is falling down, listen yeah, i ain't making this up either. at first joe is visibly disappointed when nothing significant happens. to console himself joe tries to buy a porn mag but is shocked when the clerk (kevin devoy) refuses to sell it to an underage girl. joe, the bright spark that he is, realises what has happened & talks his/her way out of it by claiming his/her dad had sent him/her to buy it. joe, who now calls his alter-ego josephine (ann flood), senses the possibilities & heads straight for the local high school. joe befriends four teenage girls, jennifer armstrong (laura cummings), crisi stroud (gail didia), tracy harper (heidi m. gregg) & brenda kearn (aimee molinaro) while under his disguise, oh & joe manages to become a pupil at the school simply by asking the sports teacher miss van dyke (vicki hollis). at first joe seems harmless enough, he just likes to hang around the girls toilets & stuff like that. but things soon change as joe brutally murders brenda. jennifer's dad, vince armstrong (edward tanner) is a detective so along with his partner ed simpson (clyde surrell) & walt spencer (bruce alden) the pathologist is determined to catch the sicko responsible for killing his daughter's friends, but will they succeed before joe strikes again? the imdb listing for the nostril picker is wrong, i watched it mere hours ago & it clearly states that it's directed by mark nowicki who was also a co-producer & definitely not patrick j. matthews who was credited as a co-producer & the cinematographer, not that it makes much difference & i'd have though that nowicki would have been more than happy for matthews to take the 'credit' for making this piece of crap. no one involved in the making of the nostril picker should be allowed to go anywhere near a camera again, ever. the nostril picker is easily one of the worst films i've ever seen, & that's saying something. it's absolutely terrible in every possible way imaginable. the script by steven hodge is atrocious, there's no narrative structure, excitement, tension, drama, character development & the things that do happen are so mind numbingly dumb it's untrue. the plot devices & chain of events in the nostril picker are totally incomprehensible. the scene where joe finds out the prostitute (steven andrews) he hired is in fact a man & joe starts to chase him around his apartment with two squirting dildo's is simply jaw dropping stuff. the subsequent scene when the transvestite reports the incident to the police is hilariously written & had me psychically laughing at the dialogue. i hated the ending as well, not only was it predictable but it leaves the door open for a sequel, i psychically shudder at the mere thought! on a technical level the nostril picker is awful, point & hope photography, bland & inappropriate music, forgettable locations, poorly edited (brenda is killed in the kitchen yet her blood splashes on the t.v. screen that was clearly in the opposite room), some of the worst acting i've sat through & very unimpressive special effects which consist of a few cut off rubber fingers, a slit throat & a quick scene where joe eats some flesh. it comes as no surprise that the cast & crew who worked on the nostril picker have virtually no imdb credits for anything before or after. even at 76 odd minutes the nostril picker is far to long & really boring to sit through. i could go on & on all day long about how bad the nostril picker is, i really could. one thing i can't quite work out is was all this intentional by the filmmakers? the nostril picker is indeed a unique film, unique in it's awfulness & incompetence. in the the case of the nostril picker i hope it remains unique too, having said that it's still not the worst film i've ever seen but it comes close that's for sure. definitely one to avoid.

back in 1985 i caught this thing (i can't even call it a movie) on cable. i was in college and i was with a high school friend whose hormones were raging out of control. i figured out early on that this was hopeless. stupid script (a bunch of old guys hiring some young guys to show them how to score with women), bad acting (with one exception) and pathetic jokes. the plentiful female nudity here kept my friend happy for a while--but even he was bored after 30 minutes in. remember--this was a high school boy! this was back before nudity was so easy to get to by the internet and such. we kept watching hoping for something interesting or funny but that never happened. the funniest thing about this was the original ad campaign in which the studio admitted this film was crap! (one poster had a fictional review that said, "this is the best movie i've seen this afternoon!"). only grant cramer in the lead showed any talent and has actually gone on to a career in the business. no-budget and boring t&a. skip it.

scotty (grant cramer, who would go on to star in the great b-movie "killer klowns from outer space") agrees to help three middle-aged guys learn how to 'dialog' the ladies in this bad '80's comedy. not bad as in '80's lingo, which meant good. bad as in bad. with no likable characters, including, but not limited to, a kid who's the freakiest looking guy since "friday the 13th part 2"' a girl who leads men on and then goes into hissy fits when they want to touch her, and the token fat slob, because after all what would an '80's sex comedy be without a fat slob?? well this one has two. this movie is pretty much the bottom of the barrel of '80's sex comedies. and then came the sequel thus deepening said proverbial barrel.my grade:d- eye candy: too numerous to count, you even see the freaky looking kid imagined with boobs at on point, think "bachlor party" but not as funny, and very disturbing.where i saw it: comcast moviepass

this was a less than exciting short film i saw between features on turner classic movies recently. while the film popped out due to its very intense technicolor, the film itself just wasn't that moving and at times the plot looked pretty cheesy--like this was made for classroom use and capturing the attention of a wider audience wasn't even a consideration. in particular, i really hated how many times in the film things were reiterated--such as when the characters talked to her, they usually said "clara barton" instead of "ma'am", "miss barton" or "clara". plus, one sickly confederate soldier said that he was a "johnny reb, a confederate a rebel,..."--almost like he was the cartoon character mojo jojo from the powerpuff girls. this was just sloppy writing--period.it was interesting to see john hamilton (later, "perry white" on the superman tv show) in a beard as president garfield. yep--it's him under that beard.

"fungicide" is quite possibly the most incompetent, embarrassing, pitiful "film" i have ever seen. the acting is criminal, the direction practically non-existent, and the special effects presumably put together by unleashing a monkey with learning difficulties on a defenceless laptop computer.far be it from me to stifle creativity, but i actually believe things like this shouldn't be made. i am sure the "film"-makers will say that, yes, the "film" was hampered by a low (as in nothing) budget - but in that case they just really shouldn't have bothered. as it is, they have offered the world something so dire, so execrable, that only imbeciles could get the merest shade of enjoyment from it.starting the "movie" it wasn't as though i was expecting "citizen kane" or anything. i was expecting a low budget little horror with perhaps a modicum of inventiveness, a hint of fun, and even some energy. what i got was the cinematic equivalent of a used handkerchief.the plot? well, our leering antihero scientist, who works in his parents' basement, is seen manically stirring some goo in a cup. apparently, such high-level science is the end-result of years of research. his parents then send him off to a strange hotel-type place in the countryside to relax. there are some other people there, who are simply too awful to write about. anyway, the scientist drops his test-tube onto some mushrooms - and soon the mushrooms grow and kill some people. (wow, i'm getting suicidal just writing the plot summary). our heroes save the day by detonating a barrel of balsamic vinegar (by attaching a "fuse" - really a piece of string - to it). the barrel unaccountably explodes with the power of a small nuclear weapon, destroying all the mushrooms. the end. (thank goodness).that summary is as good as the "film" gets (and actually makes it sound a lot more interesting than it actually is). it really should never have got past this stage of development (by which i mean a plot outline scribbled on the back of an envelope with crayons). somebody should have really stepped in and given someone a vigorous shake and said "no." and those "special" effects. well, they're "special" all right. this is cgi gone crazy. and done by a person who i can only assume believes the bicycle pump to be the pinnacle of modern technology. and when the mushroom monsters are not in the style of a 1984 home computer graphics package, they are represented by actors shuffling along covered in a sheet (i kid you not).one of the most inexcusable things about the movie is its laziness. this can be summed up by the scene in which the hero spins his guns (a la clint eastwood) and then fails miserably to get them in his pockets. i mean come on, a couple of retakes and he could have pulled it off, but just to leave it as it is - really weak.i cannot believe money was spent on this camcorder-shot rubbish. the "film"-makers should hang their heads in shame and be banned from going within fifty metres of any movie-making equipment.i also think it's wrong that friends and family of the makers come onto imdb and post mendacious reviews and give stupidly high user ratings which give a totally inaccurate picture of the "movie." "fungicide" is an absolute travesty of film-making. mr wascavage is either very, very stupid or very, very cynical.

if you are the sort of person who can get a kick out of a very bad movie, then i highly recommend this one. if you aren't, stay away. this is an astonishingly cheap-looking movie, and at times you may find yourself wondering if it isn't just a prank someone is pulling on you. the most positive comment i can make about it is that the people responsible seemed to realize that it was super-low-budget nonsense, so there is at least a sense of fun here.but this is as amateurish as it gets. their idea of giant killer mushrooms are simply guys covered with beige colored sheets with what looks like trash can covers on their heads. it's obviously not meant to be taken seriously (to say the least), but even with that disclaimer you'll find yourself shaking your head at the awesome cheesiness of it all. or laughing out loud frequently, as i did.

this was just horrible the plot was just ok, but the rest of the was was bad . i mean come on puppet and then they even tried to make the movie digital and that made it even worse! normally i would like low-budget movie but this was just a waste of time and almost made me want to return the set that it came on. i have about ten low-budget movie set with like 6-8 movies on them and i would have to say this is the worse movie out of all of them. also the wording is off and they use a fake plastic machetes that doesn't even look like a real one, they could of used one that looked even a little close to a real one so save your time and money and don't watch this horrorible movie.

the greatest sin in life is being dull, and this movie is crashingly boring. its funny, its left out of his "a life in film" documentary. he goes from a long piece on "stardust memories" and then fast forwards to "zelig". this little piece of cubic zirconia just isn't worth the effort.

i bought the dvd version of this movie on the recommendation of my wife who loved the version she saw aired in television. but the version put to dvd was a disaster. the lighting was poor to non-existent and entire scenes were simply excised. in one instance adele is being put to bed, and we immediately cut to another scene - coming in in mid-sentence - where it's the next night. characters such as grace poole and mason are never even introduced, leaving one to wonder if they'd dozed off for a few minutes during the movie.the dvd we saw was produced by platinum disc corp and even at $6.32 it was a gyp.be careful which version of this movie you buy! we're sending this one back.

this tv production of 1970 starring susannah york and george c. scott is another proof of how difficult it is to adopt "jane eyre" to the screen, and how much can go wrong in doing so. it is true that the movie suffered in the transfer to dvd - some scenes which were complete in the original were shortened and so badly edited that there are striking continuity gaps and that even one crucial scene between jane and rochester starts in the middle of a sentence! but even if the editing were better, the film would not be. the script is bad, the portrayal of the characters is untrue to the novel and nearly all actors are miscast. as a consequence one does not have the feeling of watching an adaptation of charlotte brontë's novel at all. the problem is not only that a number of scenes are shortened or left out - this is the case with all the short adaptations - but that the remaining scenes do no at all capture the tone, the spirit, the atmosphere and the concept of the novel.this jane eyre for example completely leaves out gateshead and begins with jane's arrival at lowood. while this is perfectly all right, since some scenes must by necessity be left out, it is not understandable that, instead of using the time gained (so to speak) and thoroughly portraying jane's friendship with helen, the influence helen has for jane's development, the lecture in christian stoicism that she teaches her, the film nearly exclusively concentrates on the physical ill-treatment of helen, which is driven to absurd extremes in this adaptation. what helen has to suffer is bad enough as described in the novel, but here miss scatchard is portrayed as a kind of sadistic prison ward, who deliberately wants to drive helen to a premature death. and this is about all which happens at lowood. if you compare that to the deep impact the years spent in lowood have on jane in the novel, one can only state with regret that the movie does not even touch the surface of that particular episode in jane's life. and this is the problem throughout this adaptation: it rushes from scene to scene, very often without transition, and nowhere comes even near the essence of the novel. the dialogues are an odd mixture of made-up lines and lines from the novel, very clumsily patched together, and the scenes between jane and rochester are so shortened that both share only 5 minutes together on screen before they fall in love, and the little conversation they have contains nothing of the brilliance, the intensity and also the humour of the conversations between rochester and jane in the novel. but the scriptwriter not only did brontë's language injustice but in addition managed to ruin her moral set-up with just one sentence. when rochester and jane go to see rochester's wife after the would-be wedding, rochester says: "yet i once loved her (his wife) as i love you now." the whole moral concept of the novel depends on the fact that rochester is indeed an innocent victim of an amoral scheme and was trapped into marrying a mad woman whom he never loved, and that his effort to seek a true life partner is, if not sanctified by god's and man's law, yet understandable and forgivable! but this one sentence completely undermines brontë's whole carefully constructed moral concept and turns rochester into a dirty old man who wants a new young wife because his old one is of no use to him any longer.from the errors regarding the script to the errors regarding the casting: now i am by no means one of those who insist on physical resemblance between an actor and the literary figure he portrays, but by no stretch of imagination is it possible to picture lovely, blonde, blue-eyed and full-mouthed susannah york as the novel's plain heroine. in addition, ms york was in her thirties when the film was shot and looks it. played by her, the novel's shy, reserved and inexperienced young jane becomes a perfectly poised, graceful and mature woman, completely sure of herself and her deserts. i do not say that susannah york does not play well and convincingly but the woman she portrays is not brontë's jane eyre. to cast george c. scott as rochester must have been motivated by the desire to have a rochester who looked old enough to make the 18 years difference in age between jane and rochester plausible. scott looks as if he were around 50 but acts in various scenes as if he were 70.to compliment the "maturity" of the leading actors all passion, desire and despair seems to have been deliberately wrung out of the script. the scene between jane and rochester after the wedding, the emotional climax of the novel, has become a calm, rational conversation between two middle-aged persons, at the end of which rochester falls asleep. when jane returns to him in the last scene, he is just as mildly pleased as a grandfather who has just been paid a visit in his old people's home by his favourite granddaughter. the only character who displays an appropriate amount of emotion is st. john, of all people. ian bannen plays him so passionately and his eager plea for jane's love is so touching that one gets the impression that bannen was modelling his st. john on the rochester of the novel. but good though bannen is, his st. john is just as far from the novel as york's jane and scott's rochester. the only redeeming features of this very disappointing "jane eyre" are the locations and the score, and i would only recommend this production to those who want to watch and compare every single adaptation of "jane eyre".

i watched this film, along with every other adaptation i could get my hands on- including seeing plays- in preparation for some academic research. the cinematography is very moving, as is the music. unfortunately all of the life was taken out of the story. i have never seen such an awful portrayal of mr. rochester. all of his most fundamental traits are gone. where is his wit? where is his passion? scott's rochester more closely resembles rochester's foil, st.john, than the character from the novel. in fact, the actor playing st.john in this adaptation played a passionate st.john while scott is content to smash things or just stare at the ceiling (which he does all the time). i have no idea what they were thinking. i would like to give this film a slightly higher vote based on the wonderful music and cinematography but i honestly can't bear to see this film for too long because of george c. scott's performance.

the great ecstasy of robert carmichael is bad film in every way. the script, the dreary pace, the lack of depth in any character, the pointless sub-plots, the dreadful acting, the needless climax all make this possibly the worst film i've ever seen. i found nothing likable, enjoyable or intellectually stimulating in any way.i imagine the film makers thought they were making something clever and dark, with its moody lighting, long protracted silences and vaguely haunting classical soundtrack. if so, they failed utterly. it just bored me, and i wish i had never watched it.avoid at all costs.

i can't believe i've just spent one and a half hours watching such a weak film. if there is only one film you have to miss, this is the one.robert is a teenager whose father's died recently so he starts hanging out with some local anti-social teenagers and using drugs. all these make him subconsciously more violent and at last such subconsciousness explodes...the first thing is that i don't think i can find any sense or trace of great ecstasy in this film, not in any single character. if the director considers what i saw in the last couple of minutes as great ecstasy, i have to say that that's not even close.the use of cinematography is also not mature. most of the time i couldn't see any facial expressions from the actors and i didn't feel the body language was sufficient enough to make an impact. maybe the crew was just so tired that they fixed the camera there to include everything in the settings. everybody happy except the audience.the plot is particularly weak. there are a lot of unrelated scenes and talking which might be supposed to be related but they are really so random that you can never pull them all together, perhaps unless you're the one who wrote them.in the one and a half hour you may find less than 5 minutes of real acting and all other time there are just people walking, talking and moving. so i really can't comment on acting here.nice choice of music in the last couple of minutes though. maybe this is the only good thing.i have never given a film a 1 but this film certainly deserves it (at least you laugh when you watch scary movies). this is a film about when a failed attempt to portray troubled teenagers meets extremely disturbed audience. hope you fall into neither group.

with a title "borrowed" from werner herzog and liberal helpings of kubrick, haneke and noe it is painfully obvious that thomas clay considers himself a cut above the usual sort of rubbish our british cinema churns out. "robert carmichael" (for short) sets itself up as a realistic study of youthful alienation and at the same time seemingly a critique of the iraq war. the problem with the realism is that the characters are so patently unrealistic and atypical - contrary to the fetid imaginings of "extreme" filmmakers most teenagers are not drug addled rapists. as a critique of the iraq war, a film about youth violence (by a talented classical musician - subtext society has damaged this sensitive individual)is so infantile as to hardly bear thinking about. there are signs of technical ability but some reviewers have overstated this. like kubrick and noe he does show that the desire to shock linked with supposed serious intent may be the worst cinematic con trick of recent film. people liked "clockwork orange" and "irreversible" because they liked the rapes and the violence, but most of all they liked feeling culturally superior for liking things that most hated. so too much kubrick and not enough haneke (a serious and moral filmmaker) here labels this as one of the most moronic films in years. (i am not against violence in film. to do it seriously is a hard trick though - people in cinemas cheered alex in "clockwork orange" showing how kubrick's supposed intent was missed by miles. gratuitous violence is much easier to achieve and is less offensive than the pretensions of many art-film directors.)

badly made. dreadful acting and an ending that the director appeared to contrive out of nowhere as the film had frankly been nothing short of dull. shocking that this film is considered for an award at the gijón film festival.everyone that came out of the theatre was of the same opinion as i - what was the point of even making the film? the references to iraq were either bizarre or just not thought through properly. i am astonished that this film has been given a release - very, very disappointing and a waste of my time. sorry, terribly negative review but hopefully will deter some people from making the same mistake. what a pity we did not have a q and a at the end of the film - now that could have been interesting.

i saw this movie on the film festival of rotterdam (jan '06) and followed the discussion between director and public afterwards. many people reacted shocked and protesting. he will get a lot of negative critics. but: the world is cruel like this, and it's not funny. people don't like it. that itself doesn't mean that the movie is bad. i can see that difference. don't shoot the messenger that shows us the world outside our 'hubble'! nevertheless i think this a bad movie. film-technically it's a good one. nice shots and script, most good fitting music, great actors. the director pretends to make a psychological movie, - the psychology however is of poor quality. describing such a powerful violence itself is not the art. the art would be a powerful description of the psychological process behind that violence. how does a shy boy come to such a cruelty? the director pretends to describe that, - but is not good in that.the director used several times the word the 'selfishness' of people, mentioning for instance the teacher. only: this teacher wasn't selfish,- just someone in several roles, caring for his pupils, ánd worried about his script. i think it's a simplification to call him selfish. the atmosphere in the village is creepy, and the mother made awful mistakes ('you terribly let me down') but it doesn't become believable for me, that there is caused súch a lot of pain, that the shyest boy comes to such terrible things. in fact, reality is far more complex than the way, this film describes  and it needs far better descriptions. the interesting thing would be: how does it work? describe that process for me please, so that we understand.with the written phrase on the end, the director said to point to an alternative way of life. it was the other extreme, and confirmed for me that director and scriptwriter are bad psychologists, promoting black/white-thinking. the connection between violence in films and in society has been proved. use such a violence gives the responsibility to use it right. there are enough black/white-thinkers in the world, causing lots of war and misery. i hope, this movie won't be successful.

at the end of the film i just asked myself :"is it the worse movie i have ever seen or is it the worse movie i have ever seen ?". and the answer is... actually, after having seen this movie and thought a bit about the meaning of it, you just can't find any meaning and you can only remember the two rape scenes, which are unbelievably brutal and useless. it seems to me as if the director tried to push this question into the crowd's head : "what are such crimes compared to horror of war and extermination ?" because i noticed that the two awful scenes where directly connected to war and it's horrors (during the first scene you can here the girl that is being raped screaming and in the same time you hear one of president bush's speeches about the necessity of starting a war with iraq and in the second scene, the pictures of the three criminals sticking a sword in a woman's vagina, are directly followed by archive pictures of world war ii. but as a matter of facts, i really could not think about the relative gravity of theses two different kinds of human horror's expression, being done i was too shocked by what i had just seen and felt. (sorry for bad english)

this cowardly and offensive film had me intrigued to begin with. the characters are the familiar dispossessed young males frequently to be seen hanging around bored in a sea side town. robert is an outsider but he has his music which could have been his soul. instead clay makes robert into a freak who embarks on a journey into cannabis and ecstasy and getting in with the wrong crowd. clay seems to believe in "reefer madness" and robert ends the film as a homicidal rapist. one wonders how much experience of real life this young director has. no one can save poor robert. clay leaves us with the message that young british men are out of control. a very unsubtle link is made to the iraqi insurgents; during the needlessly graphic rape we are subjected to explosions and images of war. the film shows male peer group extremism pushed to it's limits. the young bombers in london draw a parallel with clay's hateful depiction of modern male. clay implies that men simply cannot help themselves from inflicting terrible acts of violence. it is a wonder the british film industry allows money to be invested in films which advocate such divisive propaganda, when in london we are still reeling from the recent attacks. this is clay's first film, i would be delighted if it is his last.

first a technical review. the script is so slow, it is really a 25 minute story blown up to 1 hour 40 min. the dialogue is so flat and truly one-dimensional. the "acting" is pathetic, they seem to really have lifted schoolchildren out of class to read a few lines from an idiot board. as for the whole "point" of the story, namely "war is bad" (oh, there's a shock!) is really non-existent. without out the "lets shock 'em and get great publicity" scene nobody would be talking about this film. it is so bad it actually bothers me to think what better things the money used this could have gone on. believe me i've seen some bad "emperor's new clothes" films but the one thing i can say for them is at least they were well shot and well made while the camera wobbled during two scenes in this! read all the other reviews - avoid at all costs and don't talk about it.

this is the most disturbing film i have ever seen. it makes "requiem for a dream" look like a disney film. although, technically, it is reasonably well made, acting, cinematography, music, directing, etc., are good. however, the concluding gang rape scene is the most appalling and violent thing i have ever seen and i really wish i had not seen it. i am afraid that it will haunt me for the rest of my life. although i think anyone would find the film extremely disturbing, my wife and some of her friends were victimized in a very similar manner and i really didn't need an explicit reminder of the horror that they experienced. i saw the film at the sxsw film festival in austin, tx and none of the cast or crew were in attendance. i would have liked for them to have had the opportunity to defend the violence in their film, which i felt was excessive, gratuitous and unnecessary. an earlier scene successfully conveyed the mood they were apparently striving for, but without rubbing your face in the extreme and explicit sexual violence. this film should have a big warning label on it. for these reasons i would not recommend anyone seeing it. you've been warned.

i have seen it. it's not "good" but interesting in an understated way. the boys in it are quite naturalistic but................the graphic/gratuitous final gang rape scene is repugnant and -oh yes- the arbitrary insertion of second world war footage is offensive in the way it attempts to compare real horror with this misogynistic contrivance. real atrocity is real- this film is just atrocious. however, the film has a look which can draw you in. but it seems to me that is the "emperor's new clothes", but in fact in reverse. the film looks good, but the direction, story, content and final feeling you take away from this film is vacuous. if a feeling can be vacuous-this is it.

i did watch all of the film through to the disgraceful ending even though i felt so angry at what i saw. i felt that the director was screaming for attention and the only way he could achieve this was to be as repulsive as possible. since i have lived in the uk i have come to love this country but this film depicts british young people in the worst way imaginable. there is nothing to be said but avoid it, it will make you angry and sick. the people involved should be ashamed.

i saw this at the edinburgh film festival. it was awful! every clichéd, violent, rich boy fantasy was on display, you just knew how it was going to end especially with all the shots of the chef's wife and the rape of the first girl.the worst part was the q&a with the director/writer and writer/producer they tried to come across as intellectuals but you could tell they're the types that get off on violence. i bet anything they frequent brothels and do drugs.don't waste your time. i had to keep my boyfriend from walking out of it.

violence whether real or not always has an impact. in this film the violence is about as crass as you could ask for. in the great ecstacy the director has successfully demonstrated what extremes of violence people are capable of. but what was the point? the violence looks like a mix of noë's 'irreversible, and ' kubrick's 'clockwork orange'...both of which are remarkable films. don't get me wrong, i'm not opposed to screen violence at all and i've seen some nasty stuff in my film-going years, but this film as a whole is totally juvenile. the story is never developed enough to offer any reason for the extreme violence, the rizla paper thin reason we are give for robert's demise is his introduction to drugs. danny dyer plays the character who is partly responsible for robert's drug fuelled demise, however he is on screen for less than 5 minutes. lesley manville is robert's unable to cope mum, i am not sure what either of these actors is doing in a film of this low caliber. the acting is wooden, the scene in the kitchen with the tv-cook and his wife for instance is as painful to watch if not more so than the shocking finale- who wrote those dialogues?! some of the comments the boys make...'looks like she's enjoying it' are so trite as to tempt one to laugh if it were not for clay's ardent desire to bombard us with harrowing images of mutilated female genitals. why we need to be shown such detail possibly down to the director's adolescent obsession with sadistic pornographic imagery...one can only wonder at this young man's psychology.the 'political meaning' of the film was repeatedly brought to our attention due to the amount of scenes; in the bar, outside the tv-cook's house, war in iraq reports, was perhaps too obvious in my opinion. yes, war is violent, social determinism causes frustration, we're all prone to horrifingly violent acts whether you're in politics or on the street popping e. juxtaposing all these things as part of the same underlying issue is evading the actual issue which is the meaning of violence in man. this issue is one that we still haven't managed to grasp and certainly not in this film.my opinion: derivative, badly-made and pointless.

so they hyped the violence and it's been branded as sick. well, the violence is the best bit i'm afraid, but unfortunately the characters are not developed enough to allow us to understand why they go on their (entirely predictable) rampage. this film has a truly dreadful script. we never get a chance to get to know robert and his actions at the end are just plain pathetic. the acting isn't much better, either, the worst of them being the tv chef and the school teacher. the direction is clumsy, the pace enough to send you to sleep. and what on earth is the school film project all about? a comment on the film itself perhaps? the use of newsreel during the climactic murder is laughable. these guys obviously think they're intellectuals but are hopelessly out of their depth. how on earth they got the great yorgos arvanitis to light it i'll never know. and how they got the money to make it in the first place is an even greater mystery. absolutely awful beyond comprehension.

thomas clay has been mixing with the wrong types. that's the trouble with young people these days, they have no respect.seriously this film should be avoided at all costs. the action in the main body of the film is slow and rather stodgy and ambles to the drug crazed ending as if, like it's director, it has no where better to go. we are introduced to the main title character who is a bit of an outsider, we see him at school and at home not quite fitting in, feeling awkward in himself as so many adolescents do. robert falls in with bad lads and starts missing school and taking drugs and before you know it he is a psycho rapist.the film is really about clay's total failure to understand the links between violence imagery and violent acts. clay seems to think a generation of crazed youth are made evil by scenes of war on our tvs. yet he has filmed the most disgusting piece of simulated violence. is this guy for real?if clay has not seen youtube perhaps he is naive and unaware of will be done with the brutal climax scene from his film? all anyone will want to see is the most hideous scene from the end of the film and i am sure that will be what sticks with people. the rest of the film is pointless for in committing such an act of violence to film clay not only damns young people who are actively engaged in preventing war, he also damns himself as perpetrator of extreme, tasteless violence for no better reason than his own personal celebrity status.shame on all involved.

this movie commits what i would call an emotional rape on the viewer. the movie supposedly caused quite a stir among the critics in cannes, but for me the final scene was just a pathetic attempt for a newbie director to get himself noticed. hardly a voice in the discussion on the issue of violence, drug abuse or juvenile delinquency (or any other issue, for that matter).the main character's metamorphosis from good, but troubled boy to the vicious rapist is virtually nonexistent, whereas the rape scene (being an over-dragged, exaggerated version of the rape scene from "a clockwork orange") is unbearable and i refuse to comment on its aesthetic values. there are some things an artist should not do to try and achieve his/her goal. at least in my opinion.to wrap it up: shockingly brutal, revolting and not worth your time. see "a clockwork orange" or "le pianiste" instead.

there is just one word for this film. appalling. the director clearly has talent but like his character robert carmichael he throws it all away.carmichael has potential, but like cray he can't be bothered to use it. being drawn into petty crime and then descending into depravity is cray's vision of british youth. like the british tabloids this film portrays young people with no aspirations or respect. cray cries out for attention, but deserves none.i was appalled by the act of violence that cray chose to shove in the faces of the audience. he assumes the audience are ignorant of world atrocities. like a piece of obscene graffiti on a toilet wall he shows us male depravity with adolescent glee.some actors of quality have small parts in this film. danny dyer and leslie manville both make short appearances. the acting is otherwise amateur, the young men joe and ben are cringe making. carmichael played by daniel spencer is creepy. miranda wilson plays monica, the attractive wife of celeb chef jonathon (michael howe); how she was able to subject herself to such an ordeal is beyond belief. the film is never subtle and monica is treated to the most gratuitous violence which is cut with war action. war imagery is used to convey the idea that young men cannot help themselves, that acts of violence will occur within even "civilised" countries. this is most certainly true and is symptomatic of our altered society where males have an increasingly less important position, but cray descends to the level of the barbaric males he seeks to expose through his use of such brutal and violent images. the female characters in the film offer no relief. they are either victims or in manville's case a washed out mother. the community is represented as dysfunctional.this is cray's first film. i listened to what he had to say during a q and a session at edinburugh and he is not unintelligent, he simply lacks experience and his film exposes his naivety. the film is due to be released later this year, but i hope the company goes bust cos the public really don't need this kind of messed up material.

i am always wary of taking too instant a dislike to a film. look at it a month later and you might see it differently, or dig it up after 50 years in a different continent and some cult followers find something stylistically remarkable that went unnoticed at first. after sitting through the great ecstasy of robert carmichael at its uk premiere, it came as no surprise to me that i found the question and answer session afterwards more interesting than the film itself. shane danielsen (artistic director of the edinburgh international film festival), aided by the film's director and producer, gave a spirited defence of a movie than received an overall negative response from the audience. edinburgh festival audiences are not easily shocked. only one person walked out in disgust. the criticisms of the film included very articulate and constructive ones from the lay public as well as an actor and a woman who teaches m.a. film directors. this was not an overly 'shocking' film. there was a degree of uninterrupted sexual violence, but far less extreme than many movies (most actual weapon contact was obscured, as were aroused genitals). the audience disliked it because they had sat through two hours that were quite boring, where the acting standards were not high, where the plot was poor, predictable and drawn out, and where they had been subjected to clumsy and pretentious film-making on the promise of a controversial movie. metaphors to the war in iraq are contrived, over-emphasised and sloppy (apart from a general allusion to violence, any deeper meaning is unclear); and the 'fig-leaf' reference marquis de sade, as one audience member put it, seems a mere tokenistic excuse for lack of plot development towards the finale.we have the story of an adolescent who has a certain amount going for him (he stands out at school for his musical ability) but takes drugs and hangs out with youths who have little or nothing going for them and whose criminal activities extend to rape and violence. when pushed, robert seems to have a lot of violence locked inside him.the film is not entirely without merit. the audience is left to decide how robert got that way: was it the influence of his peers? why did all the good influences and concern from parents and teachers not manage to include him in a better approach to life? cinematically, there is a carefully-montaged scene where he hangs back (whether through too much drugs, shyness, a latent sense of morality or just waiting his turn?). several of his friends are raping a woman in a back room, partly glimpsed and framed in the centre of the screen. in the foreground of the bare bones flat, a dj is more concerned that the girl's screams interrupt his happy house music than with any thought for the woman. ultimately he is a bit annoyed if their activities attract police attention. the stark juxtaposition of serious headphones enjoyment of his music even when he knows a rape is going on points up his utter disdain in a deeply unsettling way. robert slumps with his back to us in the foreground.but the rest of the film, including its supposedly controversial climax involving considerable (if not overly realistic) sexual violence, is not up to this standard. some people have had a strong reaction to it (the filmmakers' stated intention: "if they vomit, we have succeeded in producing a reaction") but mostly - and as far as i can tell the edinburgh reaction seems to mirror reports from cannes - they feel, "why have programmers subjected us to such inferior quality film-making?" director clay hugh can talk the talk but has not developed artistic vision. his replies about holding up a mirror to life to tell the truth about things that are swept under the carpet, even his defence that there is little plot development because he didn't want to do a standard hollywood movie - all are good answers to criticisms, but unfortunately they do not apply to his film, any more than they do to holding up a mirror while someone defecates, or wastes film while playing ineptly with symbols. wanting to try and give him the benefit of any lingering doubt, i spoke to him for a few minutes after the screening, but i found him as distasteful as his movie and soon moved to the bar to wash my mouth out with something more substantial. there are many truths. one aspect of art is to educate, another to entertain, another to inspire. i had asked him if he had any social or political agenda and he mentions ken loach (one of the many great names he takes in vain) without going so far as to admit any agenda himself. he then falls back on his mantra about his job being to tell the truth. i am left with the feeling that this was an overambitious project for a new director, or else a disingenuous attempt to put himself on the map by courting publicity for second rate workandy warhol could paint a tin of soup and it was art. clay hugh would like to emulate the great directors that have made controversial cinema and pushed boundaries. sadly, his ability at the moment only extends to making high-sounding excuses for a publicity-seeking film.

this is the worst movie i have seen since "i know who killed me" with lindsey lohan. after watching this movie i can assure you that nothing but frustration and disappointment await you should you choose to go see this. hey, tim burton, i used to be a big fan of yours... did you even screen this movie? i mean seriously, what the f%#k?without giving anything away, here is the story in a vague nutshell... nine wakes up, he does stuff, his actions and decisions are irrelevant... and the movie ends. oh wait... here comes a spoiler...spoiler alert! spoiler alert! at the end of the movie.... it rains. i think a part of my soul died while watching this movie.

sniffing girl's panties kills a guy...and a stupid freaky puppet says a lot of stupid freaky things......my eyes could not leave the screen, my finger could not leave the fast forward button....i had to rewatch this spectacle to see if i had really experienced what i thought...i did.....god help us all!

somehow a woman working with a scientist puts round metal balls into people's mouths that supposedly changes their personality but in reality turns them into crazed, zombie-like killers. the "guinea pigs" for the experiment are scantily-clad, nubile young women in desperate need of acting lessons. this movie is awful, atrocious, and amazingly bad. it has little to no logic in the script. you really will have trouble following what is going on. it has no special effects. the computer screen that is supposedly representing a huge scientific advancement looks nothing more than an old atari screen. and what is even worse is that there is also a puppet with strands of felt hair(looks like a lonely kid at summer camp made it) named george that is like a personal servant/confidant to jessica(the leading "actress"). throughout the movie you will be subjected to the idiotic, sophmoric utterings of this puppet. but wait...you also get loads of softcore, unerotic, barely nude scenes with the girls with some bar guys. all the while a most annoying soundtrack plays in the background like some kind of spiritual discovery has taken place. none of the actors are good. there are just varying degrees of bad. the gore and "horror" aspects are especially ineptly filmed. the film really looks like an adolescent put it together. no coincidence henry sala, the director by name but not by trade, has not made another film. i was bored almost into a coma watching this stupid, silly, dreck! and how bout the ending? what happened? if you know let me in on the secret because for the life of me i cannot figure it out. all i know is that i lost the time spent watching this garbage that made the beginning of my weekend a real nightmare of a bore!

there are no words to explain how bad nightmare weekend is. it simply defies description. something about a computer that can change personal objects into silver balls that enter the victims' mouth, which kills them or turns them into zombies. the whole thing is so wonky that it's stunning. there's also a girl with personal computer in her room and the computer talks via a hand puppet!!!!!!!! i'm not making this stuff up. the computer also controls things like cars, even though there's nothing linking the computer with the vehicle.the "film" is total trash. surreal bad trash. spectacularly, one-of-a-kind bad trash. there's a lot of sex scenes thrown here and there, which aren't very hot or erotic. there's even one scene where a woman seemingly makes love or wants to french kiss a tarantula, which had me rolling on the floor.definitely one of the worst movies ever made. up there with the equally wretched direct-to-home video boardinghouse, or boogeyman ii (both nightmare weekend and boogeyman ii have scenes with a killer toothbrush!). at least it's fun to watch it and try to make sense of whatever is going on.

that's a snippet of choice dialogue delivered by the evil, ballbusting lady assistant of a famous scientist to her prim maid just before she lures three incredibly dumb college girls to a mansion for behavior modification experiments. meanwhile, at the local bar, people drink and dance to lame 80s rock songs. a biker punk has sex with a cycle slut on a pinball table in front of a crowd of people, then tries to rape the scientist's virginal daughter jessica (debra hunter), who is in love with another biker (dale midkiff, from pet sematary), who, in turn, is in cohorts with the assistant! back at the house, the sorority bimbos swim, shower, change clothes and have sex with men from the bar. a small silver ball (part of the experiment) flies into victims mouths and turns them into drooling, killer zombies!if that isn't enough to entertain you, there's a hilarious theme song ("nightmare fantasy"), roller skating, some serious daisy dukes and a psychic hand puppet (!?) that warns "danger! danger!" just like the lost in space robot and recommends hitchhiking as one of the best ways to pick up men!this filmed-in-florida mess is so mind-numbingly awful that multiple viewings are recommended to soak it all in. and, hey isn't that nypd blue's detective jill kirkendall turned cnn newscaster andrea thompson as one of oft-nude bimbos? sure is! supposedly this was started in 1982 and new footage was added later for the video release in 1985.score: 1 out of 10 (and i mean that in a good way!)

this was a cute movie until the ending. the ending was merely one more despicable effort to emasculate men and empower women at their expense. the girl refused to listen to reason and logic and used her passive/aggressive nature to control and impose her will on the guy who ultimately yielded his power and control over the relationship to her. it is not by chance that she was sitting behind the driver's wheel in the car as they drove away at the end after he had to beg her and plead with her to take him back. this movie is a victory for all women who think they should be in charge of all men and in control of their relationships with them. it was a despicable movie for that reason.

i'm being generous giving this movie 2 stars. the line about "have you even seen the wizard of oz" was the best part for me! with terrible writing and acting like displayed in this movie it's no wonder so many are taken in by worthless tv reality shows. do yourself a favor and get out of the house and hit a royals baseball game, your gonna be glad ya did!

very unnecessary movie with characters that are acting so unsympathetically that i really didn't care who would fare the best (or was that the purpose of the film, to portray some smooth talking cold-hearted new york city folks?) no romance here, no comedy either. acting is very flat and a very predictable plot. what annoyed me the most was this constant joking with quotes from classic movies. man, can't you see that the more you quote, the less significant your own movie becomes? try to be original yourself! a small budget is no excuse at all, first-time director neither. crappy, crappy, crappy. no wonder it only cost me one buck...

the broken is part of the after dark horrorfest iii. not a slasher or filled with gore. plenty of broken glass and mirrors in this edgy thriller from france and writer/director sean ellis. a successful radiologist gina mcvay(lena headly)inters a strange world as her life seems to spiral out of control. while attending her father's(richard jenkins)birthday party, the guests are stunned when a mirror crashes to the floor for no obvious reason. things get really strange when she witnesses a woman that is the spitting image of herself driving down a london street in a car identical to her own. gina sneaks to her doppelganger's apartment and finds a photo of herself with her father. she drives away and is involved in a head on collision. then mysteriously her boyfriend is not the same; to be exact family and friends are not easy for her to trust. is gina beside herself? is she in a parallel world? her nightmares become more horrific...is she broken?kudos if you can figure this one out...it won't be easy. editing couldn't be any tighter. lighting is questionable. other players: melvil poupard, william armstrong, michelle duncan and ulrich thomsen.

this film really tries to hard. if your going to make a horror film, at least give it a reason to believe in to hook the viewer. you wait and wait through the film expecting for some grand explanation but it doesn't. instead it tries to be too clever ending and not revealing anything. what was the point of the movie ? where it's actually going ? and more importantly what the hell was going on . . . why were they there and how does it tie into anything? just another weak sci-fi horror. i love the fake reviews on imdb saying how great it is by related press releases to bump the movie (either that or people have low horizons). it's not worth your 2hrs at all.i'm not saying the film is better than the fragile, but at least that gave you reasoning and why things happened and has an end result. this doesn't and it just waffle's on with tons of padding to make everything feel scary. this film is about as low as when a stranger calls. god that was lame too. big tip, if your gonna make a horror, make it believable with reasoning and explain to the viewer what's going on, so they have a hook into your story. because if there's no reasoning or believability then there's no firm hold on anything and it can't be scary. no disrespect to the cast or crew cause they did a good job. it's just the poor writing.

you gotta wonder how some flics ever get made... this one decided to skip with the why among many other things and just wanders off beyond the moot. and yet you have a number of decent actors doing their best to pump some life into the story. the blue tint throughout the movie overshoots into 'yet again', which on its own would be depressing but here it's overkill. the idea that it's not a medical condition, not some house or gypsy or trinket curse but just something that for no apparent reason starts to happen to our protagonist and then to everyone else around her, just winds up being much like taking a big swig out of an empty mug. some doppelgangers have super powers but others don't or don't know they do? it seems they're just as clueless as we are.it's a poor man's rip-off of "invasion of the body-snatchers" with keifer sutherland's "mirror" and "the sixth sense", were you to seriously botch those three together.

no,basically your watching something that doesn't make sense. to not spoil the film for people who actually want to this take a look at the flick i will explain the story.a normal everyday to day women, is walking down a street then find's herself driving by in her own car. she follows her and many events take place during that time that include her and her family.i specifically made an account to comment on this film, of how horribly written this was. the acting was great, the events were great, but the story just brought it nowhere - it could of been added to tremendously and be made into a worldwide epidemic. i'm not sure what the writer was trying to accomplish by making this, usually at the end of films most of your questions get answers but this film has you asking, what just happened and 1 hour 20 minutes just passed for nothing.spoiler starts__they had this area between 2 dimensions (ours and behind the glass) that would come into our world and kill us. it was not elaborated on all during the film, and you never know how it was happening or why it was or when it happened. nothing gets explained during the film. the main character shouldn't of even been the main character. at the end of the film the guy who finally figures it all out and runs away (her sisters boyfriend) should of been the main character but sadly the movie ends 20 seconds after. i bought this movie for $10, threw it out right after.. don't waste your time. i really hope nothing like this is made again.

have you ever had a cool image in your mind that you thought it would be nice to be in a movie: like seeing a detective peeking through the cracks of a broken fence of some abandoned house? or seeing a woman walking down a street looking cold and intense and awfully alert? yeah. imagine stretching that image to a whole movie, you pretty much got the idea of broken, though there's no detectives in this movie, i'm just using it as a visual example. but, the intense looking woman is here and she filled pretty much 99% of the screen time. i got nothing to complain about that woman, she's a perfect choice for this role.i consider myself a very open minded individual who can find enjoyment out of all kinds of artistic expressions and i can truly enjoy some really moody stuff. it would be really cool if i can frame one of the scene from this movie and hang it on the wall. let's be honest here, the acting is superb. some of the expressions on the actors face are what keep me watching.now onto the problem of this movie. beyond the mood, there's not much anything else here. the director basically took an obsession of an idea and ran it far beyond what it was worth. i don't consider it to be a spoiler if i say the obsession is "mirror". let's face it, this singular idea is all over the bloody place and that's all the director got to work with. granted, there are a few twist and turn here and there. if you paid any attention, nothing is going to surprise you in the end, obvious plot holes aside.now, i'm not picking bones with this style of art since i enjoyed them most of the time. i still believe that we should judge an art base on the medium it uses to express whatever the artists want to express. movie is not a piece of music, or a picture, or a painting, or even a poem, and certainly not just a cool image in your mind. it's all that plus a good story and character development. i consider the lynch style of movie making cheating. it is irresponsible and cheap and a waste of the medium. we gave movies 2 hours running film time for a good reason. therefore, we should judge it differently than judging a single frame of imagery such as a photograph or a painting.this movie is not completely lynch style, thank goodness. it has a linear development and eventually came to a conclusion. it does not have much story or character development. it presented itself rather seriously with characters composed of common folks, thus distance itself from other fantasy stuff at least from the surface. it does not offer any explanation of the fantasy element nor did it ever attempt to build a coherent world around it. the oddity came from nowhere and seems rather isolated and accidental. maybe the coherency remains in director's head but from what i can see he did not put much effort into realizing it on the screen.where did he put his effort in then? it seems that he spent a lot of effort in building the mood and enhancing it with the music. the music often built up tension which eventually turn into a tease. only in the later part of the movie the scare and tension materialized.in the end, i felt like: ok, i know what you are trying to say here but is that the point you are trying to make by spending two hours building up all these tension? it is rather irrelevant with who the characters are and what kind of life they have. and we are given very little about who the characters are. all we have is this circumstance that just took placed. disappointing but i guess the director did not have much material to work with and it shows.

i give this movie 3 out of 10 because i have watched zillions of movies and i can tell clearly what an intellectual movie with a mind-teasing message should look like. definitely, the broken is not one of those movies. i have to admit that the movie made me think a lot trying to understand what the whole thing was trying to lead to and despite the explanations i've read in prior comments, they seemed only an exaggeration just to have one self in the intellectual league of people. the photo on the cover clearly shows that the broken is the broken upper piece of the face which normally contains the brain. it's a clear message that once this part of the body is broken the rest will be deformed and lifeless. so, you start waiting on the movie characters to show their defected sides and this is not obvious in any of the scenes because the movie starts right away without any introduction to the characters and their lives before. though we see the father holding a rifle when his children try to surprise him as if he is aware he has enemies but still this is not a very strong clue. had the clues been planted more in the movie, one would have said about that it is a masterpiece indeed. but though the movie was so slow in pace, it was at the same time so empty with no metaphorical scenes at all. and the reuniting of the evil dad with the evil gena at the end is a strong refuting evidence of the existential messages that some people spoke about in other comments. furthermore, if gena truly lives in the apartment as her brother tells her at the end, then how come she is the evil one? i bet i can defy any theory about this movie with so many questions that can only lead to one conclusion: this movie is a pretentious one and a waste of time. obviously it shows someone trying to make out of a meaningless mystery something which is of no value at all. i am a huge fan of horror movies and specially slasher ones that some people call popcorn movies. horror movies are not supposed to convey deep messages! they're supposed to uncover the beautiful mask of life and show you the other dark side of it which is the truest, i guess. horror movies should have blood, screams, intensity, skeletons, body organs and parts. because that is the real horror and it's never away from reality. i have watched almost all horror movies and i can prove that each one of them can be as real as the sunrising. nothing is unreal as long as the mind had thought of. for instance, the horror movie "train" with all the slashing and tensity of it and its similarity almost in everything with "hostel", it speaks about a very real thing which is selling body organs illegally by abducting people in foreign places where no one would ask or search for them.and even if we considered the broken a movie that has an existential message, it is still very poorly presented and the least scary. i prefer the addiction message presented in requiem for a dream which went beyond drug addiction to highlight the fact that any kind of addiction whether for sex, tv, safety/being pampered, etc... can be so destructive and it scared the hell out of me. and those who always criticize horror movies for being meaningless and very commercial, are usually just bunch of people who get scared easily and simply don't like this genre but this doesn't mean that there are fans of such movies and that they have a lot to offer to the viewer from adrenaline turmoils, ecstasy, leadership lessons (believe it or not!), entertainment to most importantly the face to face interview with the essence of life, as ugly and scary as it may seems, death!

if the myth regarding broken mirrors would be accurate, everybody involved in this production would now face approximately 170 years of bad luck, because there are a lot of mirrors falling to little pieces here. if only the script was as shattering as the glass, then "the broken" would have been a brilliant film. now it's sadly just an overlong, derivative and dull movie with only just a handful of remarkable ideas and memorable sequences. sean ellis made a very stylish and elegantly photographed movie, but the story is lackluster and the total absence of logic and explanation is really frustrating. i got into a discussion with a friend regarding the basic concept and "meaning" of the film. he thinks ellis found inspiration in an old legend claiming that spotting your doppelganger is a foreboding of how you're going to die. interesting theory, but i'm not familiar with this legend and couldn't find anything on the internet about this, neither. personally, i just think "the broken" is yet another umpteenth variation on the theme of "invasion of the body snatchers" but without the alien interference. "the broken" centers on the american mcvey family living in london, and particularly gina. when a mirror spontaneously breaks during a birthday celebration, this triggers a whole series of mysterious and seemingly supernatural events. gina spots herself driving by in a car and follows her mirror image to an apartment building. whilst driving home in a state of mental confusion, she causes a terrible car accident and ends up in the hospital. when dismissed, gina feels like her whole surrounding is changing. she doesn't recognize her own boyfriend anymore and uncanny fragments of the accident keep flashing before her eyes. does she suffer from mental traumas invoked by the accident or is there really a supernatural conspiracy happening all around her? writer/director sean ellis definitely invokes feelings of curiosity and suspense in his script, but unfortunately he fails to properly elaborate them. "the broken" is a truly atmospheric and stylish effort, but only after just half an hour of film, you come to the painful conclusion it shall just remain a beautiful but empty package. there's a frustratingly high amount of "fake" suspense in this film. this means building up tension, through ominous music and eerie camera angels, when absolutely nothing has even happened so far. by the time the actually mysteriousness kicks in, these tricks don't have any scary effect on you anymore. some of my fellow reviewers around here compare the film and particularly sean ellis' style with the repertoires of david lynch, stanley kubrick and even alfred hitchcock, but that is way, way  way too much honor. ps: what is up with that alternate spelling; the one with the scandinavian "ø"

what an incredible fall for sean ellis.you gather a bunch of your friends at home, all hyped about the follow up work of sean ellis. you have an vague idea of the plot, no spoilers that could kill the fun, very high expectations.it is late at night, perfect atmosphere for a movie of this type.15minutes passes and you start telling yourself it is bound to pick up, at 25mins you start wondering if you should just go to sleep and save this for another time when you can fully appreciate the expected not existent subtle touches. over the half hour mark you realize half of your your hyped up audience is already asleep and call it a day.a few days later when you exhaust all other material to watch you go back to this, in the middle of the day this time, hoping your mood will keep you awake this time. 10 minutes later you find yourself fastforwarding the unbelievably and needlessly long intermediate transitions and images. any other stuff i would have given up already but there is cashback and its legacy. but that legacy can only carry you so long, this is a new level of boring movie-making, imagine a short story extended to a novel with just descriptions, this is what it is.decent cast is wasted, there is no cinematography that leaves you in awe like cashback either. there are films that annoy you, there are films that lack certain aspects, or just cheesy, unfortunately this is just a waste of time.final words, stay away.

i liked the initial premise to this film which is what led me to hunt it out but the problem i quickly found is that one pretty much knows what's going to happen within the first 20-30 minutes ( the doubles will come from behind the mirror and take over everybody).there is no real twist (which is fine) , but the final reveal doesn't make a great deal of sense either (how can she be racked with uncertainty and fear for the whole film, if she's an evil id from beyond the mirror?).admittedly the scenes 'beyond the mirror' were chilling when they first appeared and the blonde's murder is also effectively creepy, but ultimately alas this seems to be a film in search of a story or a more engaging script, piling atmosphere upon atmosphere and over the top scary sound design for 80-90 minutes does not really cut it, in fact it gets quite dull.

horror movie??really???? i cant believe how bad this movie was,what the point of this movie??? the movie almost 1h and 30 min and the first 70 minutes of it,is just lena walking around with this stupid look on her face after she had an accident....not much talking at all,not even much actions at all.. i have to say tho,the last 20 minuets it got little tiny action.. and was still stupid....... and the end oh my god,i don't know where to begin,it also end up with this stupid look on lena face lol.. don't get me wrong i love lena headey,i think she is great actress,but i don't know what got into her to do this movie.. don't waste your time and watching it,because this movie has no story,has no acting ..and has no point...not to mention how slow this movie goes and it feels like you been watching it forever.

this film is pure, distilled, unadulterated boredom. i knew nothing of it before i entered the dark room, took my seat. i was seduced by the "mysterious and suspenseful" blurb on the poster i suppose. also, lena headey is nice and unconventionally sexy, and richard jenkins is always a reliable guy to have around, so the cast seemed reasonable. it may have been his name above the title that convinced me to go with this instead of whatever else was on. i should've gone to see valkyrie for the second time instead.the thin plot revolves around headley's gina mcvey, her boyfriend, her father, her sister and her sister's husband who for some reason are being stalked, in a very louche and unenthusiastic manner, by their evil doppelgangers who emerge from mirrors that mysteriously smash. there could be a great film behind this idea (not exactly an original idea, mind you, but still...) and in fact, if the filmmakers had shorn away all the supporting cast and simply stuck to headey's character's story, the broken could've made a reasonable 20-minute short. as it is, it is desperately unmotivated and boring, and terribly inconsistent.for instance, in one scene, a mirror smashes on its own in a room housing all the main characters; they look puzzled but quickly forget about it. in another scene, a mirror smashes in an empty room, and a doppelganger is visible as she "steps out" of the shards left hanging on the wall. so why did the first mirror smash if no creepy crawly was to come crawling out? just for a little thrill? there are far too many scenes of the characters in the dimly-lit london flats, peering around corners cos they thought they heard something, but seeing nothing there and moving on. we begin to wonder, why doesn't this malevolent doppelgang actually ever want to try to scare them? scare the characters and you have a chance of scaring the audience. but we, the audience, will need to start threatening each other, in the darkness of the theater, if we want to have any thrills during the broken. by the way, once we've spent time with these evil doubles, we are totally bemused as to why anyone should be expected to be frightened of them - they just stand around, blank looks on their faces, perhaps totally harmless after killing their others.there are some nice moods and touches throughout, and i dare say director sean ellis could fashion a genuinely stylish and suspenseful mystery movie if he was to hire an imaginative screenwriter next time.

i read about this movie in a magazine and i was intrigued. a woman, who one day sees herself drive past in her own car. well, i thought, this could be interesting......but it isn't. first, the title. the broken? the broken...what? what is broken? the...oh, wait...i get it, the title itself is "broken"! wow, clever! unfortunately, this is virtually the only thing going for it.the premise is not that bad, but i think kiefer suderland did much better in 'mirrors'. a cross between invasion of the body snatchers and mirrors, and a rather mediocre one at that. a more suited title would be 'the boring', since it draws out every single scene for bloody ages. or maybe 'the confusing' since it doesn't explain anything at all, not in the narrative nor in the story itself, only some vague idea about evil copies and somesuch, dotted with cheap scares and scenes used to death, but nothing tangible. it's just messed up.on the other hand, the acting and the special effects are quite good, but then again, it's not a difficult role to act.after watching the movie twice, i still feel unsatisfied, a little confused maybe, and not in the e. a. poe or stephen king kind of way. do yourself a favor, and don't watch this one. simply put, there are better thrillers out there.

having read many of the comments here, i'm surprised that no one has recognized this as basically an overlong remake of a twilight zone episode from 1960 called "mirror image," starring vera miles. rod serling did a much better job of creating an effective spooky tale in 24 minutes than sean ellis did in 88 minutes with this tedious snooze. a short piece can be effective with a mysterious and unexplained ending, but in a feature film, there should be a bit more substance and the story should make sense. sadly, substance and sense are two things missing from "the broken." yes, it has some moments, but they are not enough to justify your time. some further observations: although this is clearly a contemporary story, not one character in the movie has a cellphone! and even though a car accident is the event that gets the story going, there is never any reference to an insurance company, to the person who was driving the other car, or to the police who would have been required to do a report. my advice: skip this bore and watch the original instead!

this is the most cliche ridden and worst romantic comedy i have ever seen. every scene is cringe worthy and the two lead actors - corey and danny are soo annoying. corey is very dumb and naive and should have never listened to danny's false promises.neve campbell and the killer from urban legend are the only redeeming qualities in this poor attempt of a film. danny (dean paras) looks in his late thirties and the girl he's trying to bed - corey looks as if she's still in college.here in australia, this film is called too smooth; there is nothing smooth about this film at all. 1/10 avoid

i would rather have 20 root canals than go through this film again. the prince of annoying, myles berkowitz, has wasted nearly two hours of my life with this piece of cynical pseudo-cool. the only amusing thing in this whole mess is mr. samaha's obnoxious off camera patter about tits and ass. berkowitz takes a great concept and grinds it into the dust. it is choppy and badly done, in an apparent effort to make it seem edgy or funny. it is neither. i seldom feel that a movie was a waste of film (or tape), but this one qualifies for that distinction. if a date suggests seeing this film, run.

the film attempts to be a mockumentary--shot in the documentary form but with many obviously scripted parts--but fails in not providing the audience with any characters with which to create the illusion of the mockumentary. also, the film purports to be about finding real love in los angeles, but is nothing more than an uninteresting look at an amateur filmmaker trying to make his first "big movie."

this is not a boring movie, the audience might stay on its chair fascinated by this selfish character, miles berkowitz, both film-maker and actor here. the storyline is simple : after a divorce and ten years of a hollywoodian non-career, the author plays is quest for love in front of the camera. the first question is about how true is all that : what is written, what came by chance ? both answers, "yes" or "no" portrays m.berkowitz as a low average human beeing. if you look for a self-fiction about love like this one, i recommand you to read some independant comic books : chester brown, joe matt...beside of this, i felt quite disappointed to hear so much against my country, france. i know american people usually say that the french are arrogant (that might be true then), etc., and for sure the french (and the whole world) have lots of griefs against america, but why so much hate ? don't think i couldn't like this movie only because of that anyhow.

the following are some of the most blaring problems with this movie: 1) clichés abound. seriously, awful "twists" are everywhere.2) the narrative jumps around in time, which would be fine if done well, but it's not.3) lame characters that don't develop so much as either remain utterly static, or drastically change for no good reason.4) big one: horrible acting. over the top from nearly every person.the following are some of the best points from the movie: 1) the lead is damn good looking.as i see it, there are only two kinds of people who would be into this movie: a) people who can sit through 90 minutes of tripe simply because the lead is attractive.b) people who often think to themselves, "i like hollywood dreck rife with clichés and overacting, but if only i could watch it in korean..." there's a lot of good korean cinema out there, so why waste your time with garbage?

i'm afraid that i didn't like this movie very much. apart from a few saving graces, it's nothing to write home about. j-horror has boomed for the last five-six years but the films themselves have on more than one account been repetitive and carbon copies of a previous success. this is one of them.basically this is a supernatural slasher movie. the beginning is promising with chilling scenes from a morgue where a dead girl has her eyes graphically sewn together, but soon after opens them. however, after that, it's quickly downhill for this flick.to be kind i will start with the things i like about "gawi". on the plus side, the visuals are gaudy and the movie looks great for it's type. for those who like their horror movies gory there are a few nicely executed (no pun intended) murder scenes. we also get a few good suspense sequences/set-pieces.however, there are quite a few drawbacks also...first of all, and my major complaint about this movie, is that the plot skips and jumps forwards and backwards in time with an alarming intensity. usually that's not a problem for me, but here, where the students look exactly the same no matter what age they are, i was confused on more than one occasion.the performances are okay i guess (a little hard to tell when you don't know the language), but seem a little stiff. and for a horror movie, i don't think it was scary enough. for a while i was quite bored actually.being a fan of giallo movies, i was expecting quite a lot from "nightmare", but unfortunately i was quite disappointed.

the reviews i read for this movie were pretty decent so i decided to check it out. bad idea! this is another movie about a ghost out for revenge against a group friends. the story is stupid, mix two parts ringu with one part prom night, a sprinkle of i know what you did last summer, and add a tiny dash of single white female - now blend until completely nonsensical. there is nothing new to this plot, and revisiting the clichés i've grown so fond of wasn't even entertaining this time. this movie jumps to and from the past too much, and once i made sense of it all i realized it still didn't make much sense. characters go from sane to psycho killer in the blink of an eye. speaking of characters, they are all your stereotypical favorites - the greedy selfish lawyer, the egocentric actress, the has-been baseball star, the video voyeur, the bitter girl, the spooky quiet chick, the 'nicer-than-nice' nice girl, a freakin' black cat... and i didn't care about any of them. perhaps a better writer could have made the movie work, there were some decent scenes in it, but overall this movie was a mess. i should also mention a certain 'video tape' that would have been impossible to shoot. this movie isn't the worst asian horror has to offer by far, but it is still pretty bad. if you just want to see some creepy images in the dark, or just want to laugh out loud at some over the top acting, or just want to yell "you're stupid!" at a movie screen, or just want to have another asian horror flick up your sleeve when someone asks you how many you've seen - this movie is for you. those seeking a decent plot look elsewhere.

that's the sound of stan and ollie spinning in their graves.i won't bother listing the fundamental flaws of this movie as they're so obvious they go without saying. small things, like this being "the all new adventures of laurel and hardy" despite the stars being dead for over thirty years when it was made. little things like that. a bad idea would be to have actors playing buffoons whom just happen to be called laurel and hardy. as bad as that is, it might have worked. for a really bad idea, try casting two actors to impersonate the duo. okay, they might claim to be nephews, but the end result is the same.bronson pinchot can be funny. okay, forget his wacky foreigner "cousin larry" schtick in perfect strangers, and look at him in true romance. here though, he stinks. it's probably not all his fault, and, like the director and the support cast - all of who are better than the material - he was probably just desperate for money. there are those who claim americans find it difficult to master an effective english accent. this cause is not helped here by pinchot. what is stan? welsh? iranian? pakistani? only in stan's trademark yelp does he come close, though as the yelp is overdone to the point of tedium that's nothing to write home about. gailard sartain does slightly better as ollie, though it's like saying what's worse - stepping in dog dirt or a kick in the knackers? remember the originals with their split-second timing, intuitive teamwork and innate loveability? well that's absent altogether, replaced with two stupid old men and jokes so mistimed you could park a bus through the gaps. whereas the originals had plots that could be summed up in a couple of panels, this one has some long-winded mummy hokum (and what a lousy title!) that's mixed in with the boys' fraternity scenario. i can't claim to have seen every single one of laurel and hardy's 108 movies, but i think it's a safe bet that even their nadir was leagues ahead of this.maybe the major problem is that the originals were sort-of playing themselves, or at least using their own accents. it at least felt natural and unforced, as opposed to the contrived caricatures pinchot and sartain are given. and since when did stan do malapropisms, and so many at that? "i was gonna give you a standing cremation"; "i would like to marinate my friend." stop it! only notable moment is a reference to bozo the clown, the cartoon character who shared larry harmon's l & h comic. harmon of course bought the name copyright (how disconcerting to see a ® after laurel and hardy) and was co-director and producer of this travesty. questions abound. would stan and ollie do fart gags if they were alive today? would they glass mummies with broken bottles? have stan being smacked in the genitals with a spear and end on a big cgi-finale? let's hope not.i did laugh once, but i think that was just in disbelief at how terrible it all is. why was this film made in the first place? who did the makers think would like it? possibly the worst movie i've ever seen, an absolute abhorrence i grew sick of watching after just the first five minutes. about as much fun as having your head trapped in a vice while a red-hot poker and stinging nettles are forcibly inserted up your back passage.

terminus paradis was exceptional, but "niki ardelean" comes too late. we already have enough of this and we want something new.big directors should have no problems seeing beyond their time, not behind. why people see romania only as a postrevolutionary country?we are just born not reincarnated, and nobody gives a s**t anymore about old times. most people dont remember or dont want to remember, and the new generation of movie consumers dont understand a bit. this should be the first day of romanian movie not the final song - priveghi! maybe younger directors should make the move.

yes, he is! ...no, not because of pintilie likes to undress his actors and show publicly their privies. pintilie is the naked "emperor" - so to speak...it's big time for someone to state the truth. this impostor is a voyeur, a brat locked in an old man's body. his abundance of nude scenes have no artistic legitimacy whatsoever. it is 100% visual perversion: he gets his kicks by making the actors strip in the buff and look at their willies. and if he does this in front of the audience, he might eve get a hard-on! did you know that, on the set of "niki ardelean", he used to embarrass poor coca bloss, by telling her: "oh, coca, how i wanna f*** you!"? she is a great lady, very decent and sensitive, and she became unspeakably ashamed - to his petty satisfaction! and, as a worrying alarm signal about the degree of vulgarity and lack of education in romanian audiences, so many people are still so foolish to declare these visual obscenities "works of art"! will anyone have ever the decency to expose the truth of it all?

this guy has no idea of cinema. okay, it seems he made a few interestig theater shows in his youth, and about two acceptable movies that had success more of political reasons cause they tricked the communist censorship. this all is very good, but look carefully: he does not know his job! the scenes are unbalanced, without proper start and and, with a disordered content and full of emptiness. he has nothing to say about the subject, so he over-licitates with violence, nakedness and gutter language. how is it possible to keep alive such a rotten corpse who never understood anything of cinematographic profession and art? why don't they let him succumb in piece?

so, back when herbie made his first appearance, i was perfectly happy watching dean jones mug away. i only wanted to be entertained for a few hours and eat overly buttered popcorn. now, unfortunately, i have expectations of a riveting/delightful story whenever i watch a movie, if i'm not on some sort of medication. and this is another good movie for the medicated. there are no major laughs, no complex plot lines, no difficult twists. herbie fully loaded is great for the fully loaded.this was the first time i had seen la lohan on the screen since she swapped places with jamie lee curtis (i thought she was excellent in that), and i can't say i was terribly impressed this time around. aside from her constantly changing and distractingly unnatural hair color, she just didn't ring true as the kid next door who had spent a lifetime hanging around road racers. her 'need for speed' wasn't portrayed consistently in the film - perhaps it was elsewhere - she looked older than her part, and seemed to always be looking for something (a party? designer togs? new place to spend money?) off set. i couldn't see any chemistry with justin long; that romance seemed obligatory at best. the only time lindsay appeared engaged was when she was interacting with matt dillon, who i thought was appropriately over the top as evil bad guy trip murphy.it was great to see herbie again, and i loved the movie intro with material from the old movies. if disney had popped out with some car 53 jewelry, i might have worn some just to be loyal. his new feature (?) was a little inconsistent (does he channel the thoughts of his driver? does he now skateboard?) but whatever. we all knew how it was going to end, but i do wish he had ended up with someone a little less dopey than maggie. and my head still hurts from that lesson maggie and we viewers had hammered home. what would have made the movie worthwhile? have the old herbie in a real story with a real plot - at the very least, herbie's as good as lassie - but clearly that's asking too much. why is it that disney always goes back to the same well as "herbie goes bananas" and "the computer that wore tennis shoes" when it comes to innovation? i'm sure this was a great movie for kids and those with no expectations. for the rest of us....it's for when you have the 'flu and just can't take the suspense of rear window.

lulu (louise brooks) works as a typist and is missing something in her life. she enters a miss france contest against the wishes of her boyfriend andre (georges charlia) and she wins. she sets off for the miss europe title leaving her boyfriend behind. she wins again but returns home to andre because he has asked her to. once back together, her life becomes mundane again so one night she writes a note to him and leaves to experience the fame that is waiting for her as miss europe. andre follows her.....this film is a silent film with a piano music-track all the way through. it is also sped-up so everything seems fast. limited dialogue has been added on afterwards and it is very phony. the cast are alright bearing in mind that it is a silent film. the best part of the film comes at the end but the story goes on a little too long. after watching this, i'm not really sure what the big deal was over the looks of louise brooks - she has a terrible haircut that makes her face look fat. i don't need to watch it again.

normally, i don't like revenge films....period. but double impact has a little more than your typical revenge plot premise. you see, di has action, accuracy, exotic locales(i.e. hong kong), awesome gun battles, and enough martial arts to satisfy your cravings for impressive unarmed combat. like all revenge flicks, it has villains you'd love to throw out of a plate-glass window on the top floor of a 40-story building! however, double impact has none of the sensationalist crap that suffocates the plot and the elitist, racist, and venomous social stereotypes that invaded "eye for an eye" and "death wish 2".but in the plot department double impact is as transparent as saran wrap. chad and alex's parents were killed by a mob hit squad connected to a family friend with money problems or at least that's what i remembered. the explanation of why the boys were talking in french accents is a lousy one. it wasn't the watery plot that made this movie bad, but the use of clichéd lines and moves from other movies (from lethal weapon to the princess bride) really made it worse. but nonetheless double impact is still watchable. but why is that shitty movies like this have villains(for example,that greedy british guy that killed chad and alex's parents and that lethal lesbian redhead chick) you would love to hate with fiber of your being?

plot synopsis: hong kong, 1966. paul wagner, the man who built the victoria tunnel, is murdered along with his wife by his associates. his twin sons, chad & alex, are split apart. 25 years later, chad, a karate instructor in los angeles, & alex, a smuggler living in hong kong, join forces to avenge their parents' murder & rightfully claim the tunnel.this is the second time that jean-claude van damme & sheldon lettich have worked together, having previously done "lionheart". this is also the first of three films to feature van damme playing dual roles ("maximum risk" & "replicant" are the others). the plot is a very simplistic take on the revenge story, the film's sole redeeming feature being van damme's performance as two very different people  the prissy rich kid & the rough-&-tumble, cigar chomping tough guy. as it goes, van damme doesn't do a very good job in either role, although his take on alex is mildly amusing. it is puzzling as to have the brothers mistaken for each other, with them wearing different clothes & having different hairstyles. bolo yeung makes a very worthy henchman for the baddies.

twin brothers separated at birth (due to the deaths of their parents) reunite twenty five years later to avenge their parents and take back their million dollar tunnel. double impact runs at two hours long and basically adds no real approach to the corsican brothers plot and jean-claude van damme while adequate as the evil twin brother is just embarrassing as the good twin brother. also the action sequences aren't as exciting this time and jean-claude relies more on gunfire then on his martial arts. also the supporting cast is wasted and at two hours the movie is just plain dull.* out of 4(bad)

couldn't believe it! clipped sentences? good grief! know what? all true! real people ever talk like this? don't think so. good girl! stout fellow! stiffen upper lip! only reason given movie 2 instead of 0 gary cooper such a dish. movie as a whole ridiculous unless you like watching endless biplane dogfights. seemed endless, anyway. think all franchot tone's dialogue dubbed. when crawford and young make a special effort to sound british they come over as irish. handy tip - we brits clip words, not sentences. and somehow we manage to draaaaaaaawl at the same time. but that's only if we've been to a really good public (that's private to you) school.

while this outing certainly doesn't live up to its predecessor, it does have more than its share of memorable moments. my personal favorite, just after laying waste to a city block with his "videodisc cannon," we see a close up of nimoy's face. as a single tear sheds from his left eye, we know at that point that nimoy is more than just a killing machine. the viewer can't help but be pulled into his emotional turmoil and we understand that his previously flat affect was only a facade. absolute brilliance!!! the sex scenes display a nice balance, carnal, but not pornographic. afterwards, i felt i had a pretty good understanding of how to work the magnavision videodisc player. too bad they haven't produced them in over 25 years.

i'm hearing rumors of an upcoming "leonard nimoy demonstrates the blu-ray disc". with advances over the past 25 years ranging from steady-cam to cgi, it'll be interesting to see if the franchise can be reinvigorated. i just hope it helps to remove the bad taste left in my mouth by that whole magnavision demonstration fiasco.and yes... "leonard nimoy demonstrates the betamax vcr" was a brilliant milestone in entertainment history. after the tentative "leonard nimoy demonstrates the compact cassette" and the downright tacky "leonard nimoy demonstrates the 8-track tape", who would have expected such a glorious piece of cinema? i'm weeping right now just thinking about it.

"paula, i may be a bitch, but i'll never be a butch!" a hilarious line in an otherwise rather tiresome skin flick which features a pretty honey in stacey walker, but that's about all. this gal's a real tease who lures her boyfriends, co-workers and even her lesbian roommate paula into her bedroom, but then turns into a whack job who cries "rape" and calls for the police! the schizophrenic personality of this certified c**t is interesting for maybe a little while, but this story ultimately turns into a real repetitive one-note affair. at least the ending is worth the wait, for those who will still care by that time.

fairly interesting exploitation flick in black and white written by david f. friedman. the lead actress stacey walker is well-cast and strangely attractive. she resembles a deranged renee zellweger with a bad hair-do. this chick only made two of these films and then moved back to texas. the music is terrible. one of her boyfriends is played by sam melville (from the tv show the rookies) using a different name.best line in the film from tony - "are you putting me on, doll? none of my chicks put me on". good b/w cinematography from laslo kovacs (easy rider & targets & many others). good locales (cool swimming pool, also used in the defilers). strange ending but fitting. a 4 out of 10. best performance stacey walker.

i have copy of this on vhs, i think they (the television networks) should play this every year for the next twenty years. so that we don't forget what was and that we remember not to do the same mistakes again. like putting some people in the director's chair, where they don't belong. this movie rappin' is like a vaudevillian musical, for those who can't sing, or act. this movie is as much fun as trying to teach the 'blind' to drive a city bus.john hood, (peebles) has just got out of prison and he's headed back to the old neighborhood. in serving time for an all-to-nice crime of necessity, of course. john heads back onto the old street and is greeted by kids dogs old ladies and his peer homeys as they dance and sing all along the way.i would recommend this if i was sentimental, or if in truth someone was smoking medicinal pot prescribed by a doctor for glaucoma. either way this is a poorly directed, scripted, acted and even produced (i never thought i'd sat that) satire of ghetto life with the 'hood'. although, i think the redeeming part of the story, through the wannabe gang fight sequences and the dance numbers, his friends care about their neighbors and want to save the ghetto from being torn down and cleaned up. forget sonny spoon, mario could have won an oscar for that in comparison to this rap. oh well if you find yourself wanting to laugh yourself silly and three-quarters embarrassed, be sure to drink first. and please, watch responsibly. (no stars, better luck next time!)

"i went to the movies, to see 'beat street' / it wasn't bad, it was kinda' neat / 'krush groove' was a flick, that i didn't mind / but when it came to 'rappin', i drew the line." word to your mother.want me to stop?that's just a small sample of the stupa-fly style of rhymin' on display in this waste of film and location permits. this movie is seriously wack (thats 80s-speak for just f*cking awful). as an emcee, mario van peebles is one hell of an actor. and as an actor, mario van peebles is one hell of a bodybuilder.any film calling itself "rappin'" had better deliver at that genre's highest standard of the time. so why were 6 year olds rolling in the aisles, even back in the day when standards were so knee-high-to-"webster"-low? because this rap is weak. so weak that not even b.e.t. or comedy central will touch it with a 10-foot gold-rope chain.blondie's "rapture" is def poetry next to this bit of dr. suess in the hood. so don't be a boobie, avoid this movie!

i am a big fan of karishma kapoor and govinda. i watched this film after i had seen fiza, which was absolutley brilliant.there are films that are bad, and there are films that are cr*p. but this film just takes the biscuit.we were so annoyed that we were conned out of paying our money expecting a decent film.avoid at all cost, dont even rent it.1/10

this was one film i wanted to watch always when it released the promos were eye catching and govinda in a negative role was a surprisebut the film isn't that goodit has lot of flawsthe start is good and till the murder everything goes well but the film falls flat when the romance track starts between govinda and karisma and the songs that followthen the twist about govinda and tabu being in love leaves more doubts and flaws and then how come govinda turns into a rich criminal from a poor villager?the last flashback too is prolonged and also the entire clash between govinda-karisma and tabun chandra disappoints music is okay, bahot khoobsurat stands outgovinda tries a negative role and does very well in it though he overdoes it too much at times karisma is good but irritates at times with her cries tabu is okay nirmal pandey still doesn't know the difference between loud screaming and acting rest are okay

i must say that i am fairly disappointed by this "horror" movie. i did not get scared even once while watching it. it also is not very suspenseful either.... i was able to guess the ending half way through the movie... so.. what's left?"the ring" is a trully scary movie... i wish other movies would stop copying from it (e.g. the trade-mark: long hair). please give me some originality.will not recommend this movie.

this quasi j-horror film followed a young woman as she returns to her childhood village on the island of shikoku to sell the family house and meet up with old friends. she finds that one, the daughter of the village priestess, drowned several years earlier. she and fumiko (another childhood friend) then learn that sayori's mother is trying to bring her back to life with black magic. already the bonds between the dead and living are getting weak and the friends and villagers are seeing ghosts. nothing was exceptional or even very good about this movie. unlike stellar j-horror films, the suspense doesn't really build, the result doesn't seem overly threatening and the ending borders on the absurd.this movie is like plain white rice cooked a little too long so that it is bordering on mushy. sometimes you get this at poor asian restaurants or cook your own white rice a little too long. you end up eating it, because you need it with the meal, because what is chinese or japanese food without rice, but it almost ruins the meal because of the gluey, gooey tastelessness of it all. 3/10 http://blog.myspace.com/locoformovies

my wife and i thought that with this cast and director, the movie would have to be at least worth watching. we were wrong. in fact, we gave up on it after 45 minutes. the idea that crawford, young and tone are british but speak with american accents was, for me, impossible to get past -- hard to believe this is england when no one talks with a british accent. there is zero chemistry between crawford and anyone, and to echo a previous comment, the idea that cooper and crawford suddenly declare their love for one another without any reason is ludicrous. there is no reason to care about any of the characters, which is why we threw in the towel halfway through. i found it hard to believe that hawks directed this, as none of the actors spoke with the trademark hawksian rat-a-tat delivery. so save your time, and skip this one.

as a girl, hinako moved away from her small village to tokyo, leaving behind her two best friends, fumiya and sayori. she returns as a young woman, surprised to find that sayori died when she was a teenager. she reunites with fumiya and they are horrified to learn that sayori is mysteriously being resurrected via the island of shikoku. oh boy. i rented this because i like asian horror and i think chiaki kuriyama a nifty actress. unfortunately, if i had to describe shikoku in one word, it would be "fruity." this movie is silly, boring, poorly filmed, unimaginative, and most of all, unscary. kuriyama has minimal screen time as the resurrected sayori, and her character is given little to work with.

feh. this movie started out in an interesting manner, but quickly ran the gamut from confusing to dull. the confusing parts happened mostly at the beginning, where the cut scenes are so numerous that its hard to tell just what is going on for the first twenty minutes or so. the dull comes later, with a tepid romance between the two living people(pusses both). the vengeful spirit of the dead girl is actually the most lively person in the film, which is sad. if the rest of the cast had been up to her caliber, the movie might have been better.maybe. because the storyline gets really interesting for awhile, as it appears that the insane priestess mother of the dead sixteen year old girl is trying to resurrect her daughter from the dead, with the decidedly unfortunate side effect that all of the other dead people would come back as well, take on solid human form, and most likely start killing off everybody. a sort of japanese mystical night of the living dead type thing. but this doesn't come to pass. even though this hairy unwashed priest with a tiny basket strapped to his head tells the uninteresting young people that this will come to pass if the priestess finishes her ritual, she does just that and the only dead person who manifests is her daughter. no mass rising of the dead, no walking army of corpses, nothing. the priest merely makes the girl's spirit go back to the land of the dead, taking the washed out wuss of a boyfriend with her, as she'd crushed his spine like peanut brittle(at which point i was tempted to cheer loudly, as this idiot went over to kiss and fondle the dead girl,,ewwww!!!). the robitussen sucking, spineless best friend has a long introspective shot at the end as she leaves the village for the last time, and that's it. no real horror, no real creepiness, which the japanese tend to do far better than american film makers with their emphasis on over-the-top cheesy face make-up, no screaming mimis. i was very disappointed.

this film is really unbelievable. i've seen so much cheap trash-movies, especially a lot 'full moon'-pictures, but 'dollman' is really hard. so much comes together: the laughable story, the actors always at the edge of parody and the special effects! how long i could talk about them! it is a really bad movie, but also one of the funniest ones. if you're a fan of bad movies to laugh about, you have to see it. and don't miss 'dollman vs. demonic toys'. it really funnier and worse.

another trashy grade z quickie from the prolific albert pyun. tim thomerson´s 13 inch clint eastwood-like cop from outer space chases an ugly flying head(!) to earth and gets involved in a gang war in south bronx! mercifully short, but deadeningly dull, with the cheesiest effects since attack of the 50ft woman. they should have fired the continuity guy, too: note how thomerson´s sunglasses disappears and reappears in every second shot. laughably bad, but that´s why we watch these movies, ain´t it? sequel ´dollman vs. demonic toys´ is reportedly even worse, if that´s possible.0 (of ****)

dreadful acting. a thinly veiled attempt to slam those on the left side of the aisle.women are subjugated and revolve around men. tom selleck shows his acting range from a to b.

why is it that a woman cannot be a strong character in a movie without sleeping with the leading man? the campaign manager in this movie dreams of leading tom sellick to the white house. it's all she can think about. so, why on earth must she have had an affair with him? it added nothing to the plot and served only to demean successful women. the only value of that tidbit was the cute "we've all slept with your husband" scene. also, couldn't the people who made this movie have watched the national conventions they were spoofing? airing between the two major political conventions only served to highlight their total ignorance of the nomination and selection process.

this movie starts out promisingly, with an early scene in which frank morgan advises against gary cooper's marriage to his daughter, anita louise. frank morgan, playing an unabashed gold-digger, loudly complains to cooper about his perceived penury at the hands of his family - including his daughter, anita louise. i am a fan of all 3 actors. frank morgan is (to my mind) a hollywood treasure, cooper a legend, and louise a very lovely, versatile and under-appreciated actress seldom seen in the leading role. i also have nothing against teresa wright, and while not blessed with great range, she usually delivers heart-warming performances.from a promising opening, the story slides downhill all the way to the end. i found nothing humorous about burning down the home of cooper's would-be in-laws. the butler in such a fastidious, non-smoking household would never just blithely walk away, allowing cooper to continue smoking, or alternatively he would certainly supply him with some means of disposing of his ill-timed cigarette. moreover, nobody with any common sense would permit himself to be left holding a lit cigarette without asking for some means of disposing of it. and finally, nobody in his right mind crushes out a cigarette in a handkerchief and sticks it in his pocket! this whole sequence just made cooper seem foolish and gauche. it is a poor contrivance - ill conceived and filmed in a way that induces ridicule not laughter. the forced medical examination of cooper is equally contrived. nobody lets himself undergo a complete medical examination without his being advised of its purpose or giving his consent! that cooper did so is too removed from reality to be funny - it's absurd! stealing babies from hospitals is a serious legal offense, and that, too, is nothing to laugh about. finally, the scenes of cooper's overly fastidious, neurotic attention to his baby's feeding and weight may have struck a nerve with a few people who have experienced anxiety over their own newborn babies. but to me they just seem tedious and slow. the wardrobe and prop departments went over the top in those scenes, while paradoxically, the script writer went to sleep.the lines are just not in the script to generate humor. they just miss on all cylinders. the laughs come not a mile-a-minute, but more like a light year-a-minute. the only time the movie has any energy or humor is when frank morgan is on camera.the scene that is totally wasted is when both of cooper's love interests and their respective fathers are cooped up in the same hotel room together. there is probably a rich vein of humor somewhere in that mine, but none of it was extracted.in the end, one of the two very likable girls is going to get hurt. predictably, it is the anita louise character, who gets jilted on her would-be-wedding night! while it is not on camera, that is her fate, and it is not particularly funny - even as a loose end. she hadn't done anything in this film to make me unsympathetic (unlike gail patrick, say, in my favorite wife). consequently, i was expecting (perhaps "hoping" is a better word in the context of the film!) for anita louise to enjoy a happy ending, too. the fact that such a nice character is essentially wiped out at the movie's end really undermines the effect of the "happy ending" for cooper and wright.i kept waiting for something to happen, for the witty dialog so characteristic of movies of the era... and it never delivered. a good performance by frank morgan in a slightly different role is totally wasted here.

this "screwy comedy" seems very forced. indeed, the actors try very hard to make a go of an essentially unfunny script. and, as a result it doesn't really go anywhere. the idea of a woman finding out she was pregnant after getting a quickie divorce just isn't all that funny. and then, when cooper sneaks off with the baby because he doesn't want it put up for adoption just seems terribly unfunny and it's really pushing hard to turn this into a comedy. it's really a shame, too, as the actors were more capable than the script and i found myself just bored by the whole mess. considering that cooper made so many good comedies, i recommend you see them instead.

john huston's wise blood was a more horrifying misrepresentation of flannery o'connor's book than i could have imagined. from the utterly terrible acting performances (and don't you, "oh that was done on purpose, you just don't get it" me!) to the musical score that was more suited to an episode of rockford files, this film was revolting. i viewed it with no ill-will at the outset, and, in fact, expected a pleasant experience. but the misrepresentation of the southern characters, from the ridiculously fraudulent southern drawl to the lilting, comedic way their faith was portrayed, was inexcusable. right down to it's end, which was completely devoid of any character sentiment, it failed in every place that o'connor's book shined and resonated. the actors portraying the "southern" policemen may as well have been eating smothered hot-dogs from nyc street stands and quoting godfather. the one redeeming acting performance was ned beatty's lively and dead-on representation of hoover shoates, a religious con-artist who hears moates preaching the church of christ without christ and sees dollar signs and business opportunities. o'connor's powerful book is most well-known for it's creepy, religious undercurrent that jibes the seemingly lifeless cadaver of "faith". mr. huston's film is a shameful mockery of the author's intentions, as they are understood by me and most of her fans, if i may be so bold as to say so. while i acknowledge that i can't know exactly what the author wished to convey, i have enough affection for her and her works to desire to remain a fan. if i viewed wise blood the way mr. huston apparently did, i would have thrown it in the trash. for flannery's sake, and mine, i forgive you, john huston. the forgetting....that will take some time.

i realize that bringing a novel to the big screen is always problematic. that is the only positive thing i can say about this truly horrid adaptation.have you read 'wise blood?' it's an amazing book. flannery o'connor wrote about the south as no one else has. she was a southerner herself, a devout catholic, and a remarkably gifted writer. in her first novel she wove together a dark and deeply disturbing tale of faith, doubt, and redemption with a macabre sense of humor and surprising evenhandedness. the characters in the book may seem outrageous to those who have not lived in the rural south, but i can assure you that such people do exist. not only do they exist, they are human beings with families, feelings, and concerns like anyone else. flannery's intentions were so often misunderstood - she was not lampooning these backwoods zealots - she saw in them the beautiful operation of what she would have called 'grace'...even in the most violent, distressing, and maddening of circumstances. to read 'wise blood' is to be washed over with a sense of dread and impending doom. finally, it is to think long and hard about our judgments and preconceptions - our entire world view.none of this comes through in john huston's 'gilligan's island'-like adaptation. none. it is a farce. a bad farce. the entire film is saturated with a hauteur that turns the stomach. the acting is poor, the southern accents are fake and insulting. the filmmakers show no insight into the thinking of religious southerners. ms. o'connor's intense prose are reduced to sight gags and cheap, amateur theatre. the soundtrack is a mixture of hayseed silliness and 'clockwork orange'-style cheeseball electronics that doesn't fit the story or even the movie. i was granted free admission to this movie and almost walked out. truly, truly terrible.as an aside, i do not agree with ms. o'connor's religious views, and while i was raised in the deep south, years ago i made my way north and have not looked back. but the south is a beautiful place full of fascinating individuals (like every other place on earth), and the cartoonish mockery with which southerners and their attitudes are dealt in this movie borders on offensive. if you're into being offended (which i am not), then this movie most definitely crosses the line.i don't like to talk crap about an artist's work - john huston was a man that i did not know, and i'm sure he was a sincere and gifted filmmaker, to which his respected place in film history attests. my views are clearly skewed by having read (and loved) flannery o'connor's work. so i don't claim to be coming from any other perspective. maybe as a stand-alone film it works for cinephiles. but for flannery o'connor fans - and, i might add, for self-respecting southerners and openminded individuals of all stripes - this movie is a waste of time.

in what would be his first screenplay, based on his own short story "turn about," william faulkner delivers a bizarre story of loyalty, sacrifice, and really strange relationships. the story originally was about only the tone, young, and cooper characters, but mgm needed to put joan crawford in another picture to fulfill her contract, and faulkner obliged by creating a female role. crawford insisted that her lines be written in the same clipped style as her co-stars' young and tone, leading to much unintentional hilarity as these three communicate in a telegraph-like shorthand that sounds like a monty python sketch ("wuthering heights" performed in semaphore). seriously, the almost entirely pronoun-less sentences make ernest hemingway read like henry james.the film also reflects some familiar faulkner themes, with an almost unnaturally close relationship between brother and sister (as may be found in his "sanctuary," and elsewhere). when young proposes to crawford, in tone's presence, in lieu of an engagement ring all three exchange their childhood engraved rings with one another. the closeness of tone and young is also noticeable, especially as they go off to their thelma & louise fate. frankly, it's creepy.not as creepy to this new yorker, however, as the recurring theme of the massive cockroach, wellington, which crawford cheerfully catches (and which is shown gamboling over her hands--i had to turn away!) and young turns into a gladiator. blech.that being said, there are some nice performances. young is particularly engaging in a scene where he's taken up in cooper's fighter plane, and roscoe karns is delightful as cooper's flying buddy. tone, despite his inability to express himself through realistic dialogue, has a nice moment, dashing away his own furtive tears over his buddy young's fate. crawford, stripped of meaningful dialogue as well, mostly comes across as either wooden or melodramatic, which is quite a balancing act for one role.the battle scenes--not surprisingly, for a howard hawks film--are the most exciting part of the entire picture. but not enough. as far as i'm concerned, this is 75 minutes of my life i'm never going to get back.

beyond the fact crazy people exist and there are religious nuts out there.the characters basically make no sense most of the time.the film has no real beginning, middle or ending, nor is anything ever explained much.the film opens with a young man, with the unlikely name of hazel motes, apparently returning from a stint in the army.he hitches a ride to a two story house that is in extreme disrepair, windows boarded over. he goes in the house, walks around and finally writes a note that he leaves there. this scene comes to nothing, and we learn nothing further about the house or its history.it is never explained exactly whose house this is, or where the people have gone, but we are given the impression hazel has probably lived there at one time.hazel decides to go to a city. why - we don't know. once he arrives in this city he writes down a name & address that he sees on a bathroom wall, and goes to visit this woman, who is a surprisingly fat hooker. he sees her for awhile and then he apparently isn't seeing her anymore. like everything else in this movie, it comes to nothing and serves no purpose.a young man named enoch, tries to befriend him, but hazel really isn't interested, although they keep crossing paths.enoch is about as crazy as you can get. one of his habits is to go to the zoo and stand in front of the cage where the chimps are and talk at them insultingly.we never really know why enoch behaves as he does, or why hazel behaves as he does, beyond the fact hazel had an overdose of old time scary, fundamentalist religion via his grandfather.enoch later becomes enthralled with a man who dresses in a gorilla suit, and manages to get the gorilla suit from him and then runs around in it.hazel, who is wound rather tight and seems to be in a constant borderline rage does a bit of street preaching. i got the impression he was trying to free himself from the untruths of the religion that had been drilled into him.he has several encounters with a preacher and his daughter, although their interactions never really make any particular point, and there is no plot line.eventually hazel succumbs to complete religious fervor and begins self-harming.it is a very odd film. interesting in it's oddness but other than that it has absolutely nothing going for it.the cast does an outstanding job,but this film completely fails to deliver either a point of view or a storyline.the film also has the characters tossing around the n word from time to time with no connection to the rest of the dialog.2 stars

my first exposure to the templarios & not a good one. i was excited to find this title among the offerings from anchor bay video, which has brought us other cult classics such as "spider baby". the print quality is excellent, but this alone can't hide the fact that the film is deadly dull. there's a thrilling opening sequence in which the villagers exact a terrible revenge on the templars (& set the whole thing in motion), but everything else in the movie is slow, ponderous &, ultimately, unfulfilling. adding insult to injury: the movie was dubbed, not subtitled, as promised on the video jacket.

this superior inferiority to the original dumb "blind dead" movie is another trash bin waste. so many people have hyped up these films that i can't believe what they say about it. since i was a kid i have heard about how scary and great these films are and i saw them all and was throughly disappointed, was everyone on drugs, from the 1970's or do they just not know how boring this crude is?

oh my god, i give this film three stars out of ten for the following reasons. the final sequence is once again quite effectively handled and it was absolutely hilarious. that is what it gets those three points for. other than that, it was atrocious. it wasnt meant to be this funny, that much is obvious, but the dubbing, the acting of the dubbed voices, the dialogue they said, where often hilarious. the actions performed, and/or not performed also lead to much hilarity and/or throwing things at the screen. such as when the whole town is being slaughtered and one small group of people stand on a balcony looking on as if they were watching a cooking glass, or the "attempted" escapes from the church in which they hole up.evil mayor: i think something is going on outside so you should go upstairs and look out the window.hero: ok.evil mayor: now is my chance to make some idiot go outside and flail around with fire being totally ineffective and getting hacked up.insert sequence in which this occurs.evil mayor: damn, wait, i will get this small child and she will walk outside and cry pappa seemingly obvlious to the fact that those rotten corpses are not just spooky strangers but are actually zombies with no flesh or skin or anything and she will lead them away and i will flee! insert sequence in which this occurs.hero (upstairs): he is trying to escape again, fool, and he has left the door open, he is silly, this is a nice view.woman: where is my daughter?hero (downstairs now): i dont know, i cannot see her anyway and she was not outside because i could not see her despite her being out there and me having a view of the entire neighbourhood and she is standing right outside, where on earth could she be?needless to say, anybody would be throwing things at the screen after 10 minutes of this. so, watch the first film with a couple of friends, having a few drinks, and make sure by the time you get to watching this one, you are absolutely blindly drunk and can just giggle at the stupidity of it all. and there wasnt even any decent gore, such a shame.

i am a big fan of fred macmurray and carole lombard. and, in addition to them, charles butterworth (a very enjoyable supporting actor) was in this film,...so why didn't i particularly enjoy it?! well, despite a good cast, this is one of the poorest written and most clichéd "a pictures" i have ever seen. given the talent and money spent to make this film, it is shocking how slip-shod the writing was. i knew the film would be tedious when time after time early in the film i found myself predicting exactly what would happen next--and i was always right! and this isn't because i am some sort of "movie savant", but was because almost no imagination or effort went into it. in fact, it seemed almost as if the film was just a long string of clichés all strung together! also, i found it a bit irritating that fred mistreated carole so bad throughout the film and yet, true to convention, she came running to him in the end. uggh! there is more suspense in a lassie film ("will he bring people to rescue timmy or will the rope he is dangling from break?").despite the very, very tired and clichéd script, there were a few positives about the film. it was pretty cool seeing fred look like a broken lush at the end of the film--it was pretty believable and he looked like he hadn't eaten, shaved or slept in days. also, charles butterworth's "prattle" did provide a few mildly humorous moments. but all this just wasn't enough to make this film look any different than a "b movie". it's a shame,...it could have been so much better.

i've always liked fred macmurray, andalthough her career was tragically cut shorti think carole lombard is fun to watch. pair these two major and attractive stars together, add top supporting players like jean dixon, anthony quinn, dorothy lamour and charles butterworth, give them a romantic script, team them with noted director mitchell leisen and you geta mediocre movie experience.skid johnson (fred) and maggie (carole) "meet cute" during her visit to the panama canal, and spend the next few weeks falling in love. skid's a great trumpeter, so he embarks on a musical career, which is predictably meteoric in both its rise and fall. during his climb to musical stardom, he neglects maggie, who later inspires him to start over after he's hit rock bottom. ah, yesit's the true hollywood happy ending, which comes none too soon.stars and a director of this caliber should guarantee success, but this movie is so predictable and slow-paced that it's difficult to watch at times. the early scenes set in panama are so draggy that they seem to go on forever, and later an alcoholic skid just wanders endlessly in new york. fred and carole try their best, but the tired script and s-l-o-w direction just don't give them a chance. even the final scene, in which maggie encourages skid to rise from the ashes of alcohol and disappointment, just doesn't ring true.this movie should be seen once to watch some early performances from stars macmurray and lombard. however, i guarantee that watching it will seem to take about 48 hours.

what the ........... is this ? this must, without a doubt, be the biggest waste of film, settings and camera ever. i know you can't set your expectations for an 80's slasher high, but this is too stupid to be true. i baught this film for 0.89$ and i still feel the urge to go claim my money back. can you imagine who hard it stinks ?who is the violent killer in this film and what are his motivations??? well actually, you couldn't possible care less. and why should you? the makers of this piece of garbage sure didn't care. they didn't try to create a tiny bit of tension. the director ( stephen carpenter -- i guess it's much easier to find money with a name like that ) also made the kindred (1986) wich was rather enjoyable and recently he did soul survivors. complete crap as well, but at least that one had eliza dushku. this junk has the debut of daphne zuniga !!! ( who ?? ) yeah that's right, the melrose place chick. her very memorable character dies about 15 min. after the opening credits. she's the second person to die. the first victim dies directly in the first minute, but nobody seems to mention or miss him afterwards so who cares ? the rest of the actors...they don't deserve the term actors actually, are completely uninteresting. you're hoping they die a quick and painful death...and not only their charactersmy humble opinion = 0 / 10

if you've ever seen an eighties slasher, there isn't much reason to see this one. originality often isn't one of slasher cinema's strongpoints, and it's something that this film is seriously lacking in. there really isn't much that can said about pranks, so i'll make this quick. the film was one of the 74 films included on the dpp video nasty list, and that was my only reason for seeing it. the plot follows a bunch of kids that stay behind in a dorm at christmas time. as they're in a slasher, someone decides to start picking them off and this leads to one of the dullest mysteries ever seen in a slasher movie. the fact that this movie was on the video nasty list is bizarre because, despite a few gory scenes, this film is hardly going to corrupt or deprave anyone, and gorier slashers than this (friday the 13th, for example) didn't end up banned. but then again, there's banned films that are much less gory than this one (the witch who came from the sea, for example). anyway, the conclusion of the movie is the best thing about it, as although the audience really couldn't care less who the assailant is by this point; it is rather well done. on the whole, this is a dreary and dismal slasher that even slasher fans will do well to miss.

this one probably does not fit in the bottom of the barrel of mediocre slasher movies but it's surely a damn bad movie.the holiday premise made it kind of interesting but after the first scenes the movie demonstrates it's poor production values and stupid plot. i mean, the sub-genre was at the moment all about an unseen maniac slashing teens for no apparent reasons but this one took it too far. there is absolutely no coherence in the events or nothing else to add.the clichès are more than boring, the gore is minimal, and so does the mystery.this is a fairly mediocre slasher entry that shouldn't be hyped even if it has a video nastie label.i am truly disappointed by this overrated piece of trash.

one of a multitude of slashers that appeared in the early eighties, pranks is notable only for an early performance by daphne zuniga (the sure thing, the fly 2); her character dies fairly early on, and the rest of the film is totally forgettable.during their christmas break, a group of students volunteer to clear a condemned college building of its furniture. a crazy killer, however, throws a spanner in the works by methodically bumping off the youngsters one by one in a variety of gruesome ways.exploiting every stalk 'n' slash cliché in the book, director jeffrey obrow delivers a tedious and unexciting horror that had me praying for the characters to be killed, so that i could get on with watching something more worthwhile. the majority of the deaths (which, let's face it, is why we generally watch this kind of film) are brief and not that gory; the only truly grisly imagery comes right at the end when the bodies of the victims are discovered by the remaining survivor (there is one notably bloody dismembered corpsethe film could've done with more).at the last minute, the film saves itself from the disgrace of receiving the lowest possible score from me by having a nice unexpectedly downbeat ending, but this really is one for slasher completists only.

((nb: spoiler warning, such as it is!))first off, this is a teen slasher flick -- the spam-in-a-cabin genre, as joe bob briggs piquantly put it. if you're looking for roshambo, this isn't it and wasn't going to be it. i'm desperately unimpressed by stabs at its cinematography, directing or acting performances.secondly, this wasn't zuniga's first horror flick, it was her first screen appearance period, cinema, tv, whatever. for what it is worth; neither is daphne zuniga susan sarandon or katherine hepburn.thirdly, you have to give even a lame slasher flick props. sure, it follows the deeply insulting formulaic message of its genre: any young woman having or showing interest in sex is beef on the hoof, and the harvest time is now.except this one gives the chop to the sweet, virginal protagonist as well! now there is a mediocre teen death film that has the courage of its convictions! interesting that this was said ingenue's only film role. another one hit wonder, except that term gives the lass too much credit.(then again, this film probably has one of the highest percentage of one-movie actors in history. of the nineteen credited actors, a whopping thirteen never appeared in any other film. three appeared in one other movie by the same producers. only one other besides zuniga has as many as six screen credits. what was this, the has been and never were mutual aid society?)granted, i saw this a long time ago on late night cable when i was bored and never anticipate being that bored in my life again, but i see no reason to hunt down everyone involved and toss them in the incinerator with joanne.2/10.

it's the early 80s. there's a group of suspiciously old-looking teens. and there's a maniac stalking around. yes, this is slasherville.this movie is called pranks. why is it called pranks? i haven't the faintest idea. unless your idea of a great prank is to repeatedly hit someone's dinner with a baseball bat - on balance, not a great prank; in fact quite a rubbish prank if truth be told. but there you go.the film itself concerns a group of teenagers who are tasked with cleaning out a decommissioned dormitory. they become aware that a psychopath is on the loose. to combat this development, they split up and wander about in the dark. it ends in tears for most of them.pranks is a badly made slasher movie. the dvd release i viewed was the vipco one. it appears to be cut of a fair bit of violence. this makes the dvd even more pointless because, let's face it, a slasher movie shorn of violence is a waste of time. for slasher-film and video nasty completists only.

i heard so much about this movie how it was a great slasher and one of those early 80's movies that die hard fans of most slasher movies just had to see. well, i rented it and i have to say that although it kept my attention as far as the suspense goes for most slasher films such as "april fools day", "friday 13th" and "prom night", this film could have been right up there with the above mentioned only it lacked true enthusiasm and potential from the characters as well as the on going story. characters that i found were unfortunate to be in this movie was the weirdo guy with the frizzy hair that kept creeping around the dorm and of course leading up to his true climatic role during the end with he faces the killer. another would be the dirty scruffy looking guy with the jean jacket, he could have played more roles in this movie that might have made the movie more interesting, instead, the movie played this guy as just another loser out there making unknown calls while he sleeps with his girlfriend and then drops his part and cuts him off until the end which was a waste, i was disappointed in his part in the end. as far as the true identity of the killer goes, when the identity was released as to who he was, i just laughed, but it was all to obvious and he really made a true jerk out of himself as well as an annoying character after his true intentions were revealed. this movie should be one to at least watch once for all slasher fans but don't spend your hard earned money on it in some rare hard to find collectors inventory.

eh, not a particular good slasher flick. so-so acting, effects, decent yet familiar and uninventive soundtrack.there are three deaths in close succession near the beginning of the movie that make for a fairly good scene in which it would seem anything goes. apart from that, there's a lot of characters wandering around, not realizing what's going on, or chasing after red herrings; more killing of time, than of people. there are other deaths, and the killer is an equal opportunity murderer, not partial to any one implement. the killer also likes to set other people up to kill innocent people as well. the identity isn't revealed towards the end, and motive is pretty thin, and we really don't care.supposedly the movie takes place around christmas, but this isn't a major factor. one scene gets lit by christmas lights, that's about it.the movie is rather dark with a muddy picture most of the time, at least on the videotape i watched. some of the dialog got a little lost in some of the opening scenes. the ending should have been stronger than it was. we think we realize what happened, although there's a chance something else did.

the two things are are good about this film are it's two unknown celebrities.first, daphne zuniga, in her first appearance in a film, young and supple, with looks that still encompass her body today, steals the very beginning, which is all she is in, and that is that. she is obviously just starting out because her acting improved with her next projects.second, the score by then known composer christopher(chris) young is what keeps this stinker from getting a one star...yeah, i know one star more is not much, but in this movie's case, it is a lot.the rest is just stupid senseless horror of a couple a college students who try to clean out a dorm that is due for being torn down, getting offed one by one by an unsuspecting killer, blah, blah, blah...we all know where this is going.watch the first eighteen minutes with daphne zuniga, then turn it off.

an uninteresting addition to the stalk 'n slash cycle which dominated the horror genre in the 1980's. this was filmed as pranks but released as the dorm that dripped blood which is an obvious steal from the 1970 horror anthology the house that dripped blood. daphne zuniga is the only recognisable face in the cast and this was her first horror movie (she has also appeared in the initiation and the fly ii).

probably one of the most boriest slasher movies ever, badly acted and badly written.the plot five students staying behind during the holidays closing down a dorm, but somebody has designs on them and starts killing them off one by one, the main suspect is the creepy groundskeeper john hemmitt played by woody roll, or could it be one of the five characters.acting not that bad not that great either apart from daphne zungia who dies way too quickly and should have been the main heroine, and the rest well quite dull although laura lapinski the main heroine sometimes has her charm and you do feel sorry for her in the end.the kills can't really see why they banned this, the kills look fake mostly, one guy has his hand sliced in half in the beginning which looks really fake, but the others are quite nasty like one girl gets her head run over by a car, one girl gets boiled alive and another gets burned alive.overall not really a great slasher could have been a lot better

i'm not looking for quality; i'm just trying to get through the 74 famous video nasties that were banned in britain. this one was initially banned and re-released in 2001 with a whole 10 seconds cut.some college kids spend their christmas vacation preparing a dorm for renovation. there are some creepy characters lurking about along with the four kids. which of them is the slasher? the actual killings are not very gory, so this video nastie is not really nasty. there is the requisite flashing of the boobies, but it has nothing to do with the college kids.i had a suspect very quickly and i turned out to be right. maybe i've seen too many of these. the end twist was clever; i have to give the writers credit for that bit of originality.

over christmas break, a group of college friends stay behind to help prepare the dorms to be torn down and replaced by apartment buildings. to make the work a bit more difficult, a murderous, chucks-wearing psycho is wandering the halls of the dorm, preying on the group in various violent ways.registered as one of the 74 'video nasties' listed by the u.k. in the 1980s, the dorm that dripped blood had a good reputation built up for it prior to first viewing. the term 'video nasty' strikes into mind some images of some great explicit gore, violence, sex, etc.: all the things a horror fan dreams of. so, after hearing all of that info, i settled into pranks (alt. title) expecting a sleazy slasher experience. . . and that's what it tried to be, but failed pretty much completely. visually, the film's not great. the cinematography, gore (except for a couple scenes), and overall direction all fail. it's simply not enjoyable to watch. the unoriginal script is lacking and often throws in random things without any real reason (like the opening kill). there are some cool death scenes, including a pretty nice face melt (which can be seen on the poster), but that's about it for the positive. the acting is pretty bad, the story seems unimportant, the killer isn't cool or scary, and it suffers the one major error that any slasher flick should always avoid: it's a bit boring. overall, for a film done by a few ucla film students for $90,000 (which would be over double that today), the dorm that dripped blood isn't a total mess. it has a couple good things, and is fairly watchable. . . but, as a slasher flick looking to be on the level of films like the house on sorority row and pieces. . . it just cannot compare. don't expect much, and you may at least be entertained. i hate to say it, but this is one of the few films i've seen that would actually be better with a remake. . . and yet, they go after great works like black christmas. oh well. . .obligatory horror elements:- subgenre: slasher- violence/gore: there are some brutally cool kills, and the gore is okay for the most part. . . but nothing special. also, they off-screened some of the best murders.- sex/nudity: there's a little unappealing (to me) nudity, but not very much.- cool killer(s): nah. the ending monologue(s) of the killer made him/her pretty uncool.- scares/suspense: a jump scare or two, but nothing too effective.- mystery: i suppose, yeah, but i simply didn't care enough, and it's as obvious as the nose on the killer's face.- - -final verdict: 3.75/10. bah! humbug! -ap3-

daphne zuniga is the only light that shines in this sleepy slasher, and the light fades quickly. if not her, than what other reason to watch this. five college kids are signed up to prepare an old dorm for its due date of demolition. problems are automatically occurring when a weird homeless man is soliciting, and the group are short a few people. then, a killer is on the loose. i honestly wanted to say i was going to enjoy this one. it had a fair set up, or maybe that was just daphne zuniga in it. the film is too slow, and almost as silent as a library. most of the acting is below average, and the "point-of-view" moments are so old news. acclaimed composer christopher young of such films as "hellraiser" and "entrapment" scored this, in a repetitive cue line that was better made for a tv movie. still, it seems higher than the movie deserves. so, other than young and zuniga, this one scrapes the bottom of the barrel.

college students, who are clearing out a condemned dormitory, are stalked by an elusive killer.the dorm that dripped blood (aka pranks) is a bit of a mixed bag for slasher fans. the movies production values are pretty low and the story for the most part is pretty routine, there's even a creepy bum hanging around for a red herring. in fact much of the story's build-up is pretty forgettable, save for one or two brutal murders. but the movie is really made better by its surprisingly intense climax (in an atmospheric setting) and one fairly bold, unconventional conclusion.the cast is lackluster for the most part. stephen sachs is the best of the lot as he does a pretty nice turn in character. also look for a young daphne zuniga as an ill-fated student.over all this is a pretty standard b slasher effort, but the finale is well worth savoring and for this viewer saved the movie from being a complete ho-hum.** out of ****

extremely thin 'plot' of satanic rituals or some such mumbo-jumbo provides the hokey excuse to thread copious amounts of sex scenes together. straight vanilla sex, masturbation, lesbianism, s&m, bestiality, incest, and a few other sexual proliferation's all get their time in the spotlight here. the problem is the storyline is so dull that the rampant sexuality gets pretty tedious after awhile. who knew that a film with an intimate goat/ girl encounter could be so damn boring? well now i do.eye candy: venessa hidalgo shows all; helga line provides t&a (both on display quite frequently); women viewers get the occasional penis.my grade: d+region 1 dvd extras: trailers for "pick up", "legend of eight samurai", "don't answer the phone", "prime evil", & "sister street fighter" (also the same dvd holds a second feature movie "evil eye")

i'm not ruining anything when i inform you that you get to see a woman have sex with a goat in this movie. if that is your thing, then your movie has arrived.a woman and her husband go to see her estranged sister in the family mansion in the woods. her sister is a creepy lady to say the least, and she seems to have interests that go beyond family love. on the side a group of unsavory characters show up and begin enacting all kinds of pagan rituals.the plotting is pretty weak and the characters are pretty dumb. the woman sticks around even after her husband starts turning into a jerk and hanging out with the pagans, even continues the have sex with him. on the exploitative side of things, there is much bared flesh and a couple of kinky couplings, but nothing that hasn't been better somewhere else. oh, and the aforementioned goat-sex scene.most viewers won't make it to the end. exploitation fans will ride it out, but will be left wanting more.4/10

this is truly an awful movie and a waste of 2 hours of your life. it is simultaneously bland and offensive, with nudity and lots and lots of violence. however, the nudity is not that exciting, and the violence is repetitive and boring. also, the plot is flimsy at best, the characters are unrealistic and undeveloped, and the acting is some of the worst i have ever seen. i have heard that this movie is supposed to be funny, but it's not. i did not laugh once while watching it, nor did i even crack a smile. the makers of this film tried to combine a comedy movie with an action movie, and they failed on both counts. some poorly made movies are funny because they are so bad, but this is not one of them.

ah yes the 1980s , a time of reaganomics and sly , chuck and a host of other action stars hiding in a remote jungle blowing away commies . at the time i couldn`t believe how movies like rambo , missing in action and uncommon valor ( and who can forget the ridiculous red dawn ? ) made money at the box office , they`re turgid action crap fests with a rather off putting right wing agenda and they have dated very badly . troma`s war is a tongue in cheek take on these type of movies but you`ve got to ask yourself did they need spoofing in the first place ? of course not . troma`s war lacks any sort of sophistication - though it does make the point that there`s no real difference between right wing tyrants and left wing ones - and sometimes feels more like a grade z movie than a send up . maybe it is ?

this video is 100% retarded. besides the brain cell killing acting and plot, it's way too long. don't waste your money at the video store. i actually was mad that i sat through this garbage and spent money on it. just absolutely awful.

a slick romanticizing of the sexual exploitation of neworleans black women by white men of power and privilege. ooh. does that whet your appetite? well, then, belly up to a vhs or dvd and gorge on this gratuitous trolling through a seamy segment of history. for good measure, it's adapted from the book by celebrated hack anne rice. the directing is as cloying and melodramatic as the cheesy dialog. most of acting is amateurish. the production's sole worthwhile note is that it employed practically a dozen black actors, all of whom have scarcely been in employed in today's market (jasmine guy, ben vereen, pam grier, eartha kitt), including some faces that have barely been seen at all (bianca lawson, rachel cuttrell). it also is, despite itself, a sterling showcase for nicole lyn. the pompous and ponderous james earl jones is on-hand as well. so, is the late ossie davis, a minimal talent who owes his success to having been affiliated with the legendary negro ensemble company. this film should be rated "t" for tripe.

just bought the vhs on this film for two bucks, did i waste my money! hey, i dig adam "batman" west and tina "giligan's island" louise, but hello! this third rate production is a rehash of a dozen other biker films; crazed bunch of bikers psychos ride into a hick town, beat up everybody and everything, and then are defeated in the man by a dashing hero. adam west looks the part as a hero, but he's missing cape, and his batman uniform. sorry, just isn't the same. tina l. looks really nervous and frightened the whole show, but at least we know what happened to "ginger" once she was rescued from the island...lol! the bikers are a motley group, and known of them ever acted again or at least shouldn't have. hell riders is hell to watch!

what else can you say about this movie,except that it's plain awful.tina louise and adam west are the reasons why to see this,but,that's it,but their talents are wasted in this junk.i think that they used a double in some of adam's scenes,like when he's running because you can't see his face.if adam was embarrassed in being in zombie nightmare,just think what he must've felt about appearing in this??? if it was before or after,i'm not sure,but,still,zombie nightmare is a classic(check out the mystery science theater 3000 version first and last)compared to this.the gang is very annoying and over-acting by some of the actors.a rip-off of the wild one starring marlon brando,of course.tina looks stunning though.i hope her and adam got a good paycheck!! pass!

this has got to be one of the worst movies ever made. even for a biker movie, it's rock bottom. the minimal plot involves a gang of bikers taking over a small town (how original!) and the townspeople's attempts to fight them off. why don't they call for outside help? who knows? the fight scenes are obviously fake. adam west and tina louise are in it but both have little to do and both look ashamed to be there (understandably) this movie belongs in the trash heap!

i was prepared to laugh throughout this movie like a mystery science theater experiment, but it was just boring. it appears that the producers had many biker enthusiast friends, and from there casually decided to make a movie. it is frequently unwatchable. lots of footage of the bikers riding on a dirt road, with the same music played repeatedly. unfortunately, renee harmon is barely in the movie. harmon probably would have livened things up. perhaps she had other commitments the day this was filmed.of course, the bikers terrorize a small town. fights, murder, a cowardly cop, a goofy mechanic, etc. one of the bikers always wears a football helmet, a weak attempt to distinguish him from all the other outlaws.the script has nothing to offer. one scene features a biker assaulting a woman, yelling in the lady's face "you're all the same! you're all the same!". we come back to the scene a minute later and he again declares "you're all the same!". couldn't the writer think of something more creative to say??at the end the good guys have killed the bad guys. we also learn that the wedding between middle-aged mechanic joe and young susie has been canceled. susie is going away to college, and we abruptly learn that joe's wedding is still on (but with a different bride). end.

how sad to see the beautiful and talented tina louise reduced to making this horrible excuse for a film. tina still looked fit and attractive, but for some reason seems truly frightened. i can understand her fear; fearing that this 3rd rate stinker would somehow be released to the general public. also, i'm a fan of the likable adam west. again, as with tina, adam looks good and in great shape for a man his age. his acting here is passable, but the script is so bad, that it's difficult to even listen to the dialog.the movie is a rip-off of the classic brando biker flick, the wild ones; out-law biker gang is out-of-control in a small hick-town. the bikers here look like a motley group and i sure wouldn't want them to date my sister. the acting is stiff and wooden, and the story-plot is as old as sand. hellriders is hell to watch!

this has to be the worst, and i mean worst biker movie ever made! and that's saying a lot because the line of stinkers is long and smelly!now at least we know what happened to ginger after she was rescued from gilligan's island! a frightened looking tina louise(she was probably afraid someone would see this mess!)is a stranded motorist who is tormented by the most repulsive motorcycle gang in film history. but, don't worry fans! batman, i mean adam west as a hick-town doctor comes to the rescue! pow! crush! boom! holy toledo batman! the only good points of this "bomb" are some cute women, some laughable fight scenes, and the still "sexy" tina louise!

i saw this dull waste of time on hbo's comedy channel, so i quite innocently and obviously assumed that this was a comedy. but there is absolutely nothing funny here. a good cast is basically wasted on a script that i could have written with my left butt-cheek - after it had been beaten senseless by 15th-century inquisition torturers. the first half is particularly bad, as it has some of the most dull, pointless dialogue i've come across in a while, and zero comma zero plot to speak of. just the fact that stars such as ewan mcgregor and zeta-jones are in this little movie and yet this film has less than 1000 votes on this site, should tell you everything. a couple of nice shots of waves hitting the cold british coast, but that's about it.this is the sort of movie that gets made just because the people who wrote it have good connections (family connections, preferably) and/or plenty of cash lying around.

be warned: neither zeta-jones nor mcgregor plays the main part as the poster would have you believe. their roles are in fact minor.the film stumbles badly between exaggerated comedy and realistic drama, with neither being really engaging. especially i find it impossible to muster much sympathy for the main protagonist, not to mention his screwball friends and sex obsessed fiancé. the plot drags terribly, and i turned this one off after about 2/3 - unusual for me, as i like to finish what i start. the good acting and beautiful setting takes it from 1 to 2 stars.2/10

i chose this movie by the cover which was a bad move. it wasn't funny at all and the main characters were obnoxious. the girl was beautiful but the story and the acting were terrible. it had absolutely nothing to do with surfing. terrible movie with a surf "theme" that had nothing to do with surfing and no real surfers. catherine zeta jones was beautiful and the movie will probably see a resurgence just becuase she is in the limelight now, being married with gordon gekko and all, but if you haven't seen it don't waste your time. a bad movie with great surfing, real surfers and amazing, beautiful cinematography was in god's hands.

the only thing worse than surfers without any waves is a film about surfers without any waves. for viewers who love surfing this film will be a gigantic disappointment since the total number of minutes of surfing footage struggles to reach three.the story is a slice of life about beached surfers who are waiting not for the perfect wave, but for any wave at all. j.c. (sean pertwee) is an aging super surfer who is flirting with a commitment with his girlfriend chloe (catherine zeta jones). just as he is about to find grown up bliss with the woman he loves, three old surfing friends turn up and convince him to hit the beach looking for monster waves at the bone yard. the trouble is, there are no waves until the very end of the film, so most of the story dissipates itself on a meandering succession of disconnected beach happenings.the acting is mostly mediocre. sean pertwee has a few comical moments, but mostly his acting was mundane. ewan mcgregor was decent as the drug dealing wild man, by far the most interesting and peculiar character of the bunch. probably the funniest performance was turned in by peter gunn as terry who turned his corpulent body into a continual sight gag. catherine zeta-jones was sexy as usual, but her character didn't really have enough meat for her to show much acting ability.there is really not much here on which to comment. i rated it a 3/10. it's a real beach bummer.

there's so little here of the fantastic anne rice book that what is here makes no sense. some of the characters--intense and surprising characters--don't make it to the screen at all, and those who do are watered down to the point that there's no reason for their existence.where's the relationship between christophe and marcel? where's the continued affair between marcel and juliet? why does dolly rose appear at all, since her story's never explained? where's the rape and redemption of marie, whose greatest attribute (and downfall) is that she can pass for white--and her marriage to richard? why does the film end with marcel's beating at the hands of his father? we learn nothing of aglae beyond that she's a bitch who hates her husband; why no backstory explaining this hatred? as for the performances, there's not a one that's better than mediocre, though that's likely due to the lousy script. best of the lot is that of the actor playing richard--but richard's not on screen enough to salvage the film. worst is jasmine guy as dolly rose, though again, it comes down to the actress having nothing to do with what little she's given to work with.all in all, this is just terrible. i thought it'd be impossible for any anne rice book-turned film to be worse than exit to eden, but feast of all saints makes that mess look like a critical hit. how is it that rice is such a slut she'll allow her best works to become such junk on the screen?

note to self- just because a film is foreign, obscure, and stars catherine zeta-jones doesn't mean it's any good. such is the case with 'blue juice,' a 1995 brit flick about an unlikely group of surfing enthusiasts in what would seem (to a dumb american, anyway) an even more unlikely place to find surfers: cornwall, england. you might be thinking this has the makings for an amusing, quirky little comedy. if only. the film is just a bit over ninety minutes but it seems interminable. the easiest way to describe it is as a sort of '90's british version of 'grease' without the dancing, but even that makes it sound better than it is. no, the best way to take it is as a little slice-of-life set in a small town. catherine zeta-jones plays chloe, a young woman living with a surfing instructor, jc (sean pertwee; you remember him). pertwee is actually the film's star, and his character is something of a surfing legend to a small group of surfing devotees, the requisite oddball group of free spirits that inevitably inhabit films like this. in this case, it consists of a drug dealer who wants to be a journalist, a former nightclub dj who wants to be a record producer, and a fat nerdy guy who, in a needlessly extended scene, gets stoned and loses all his inhibitions which of course turns out to be the best thing that ever happened to him. i can't honestly say everything that goes on in 'blue juice' is predictable, since it's set in a place and reflects customs and manners i'm not very familiar with, but there's certainly nothing surprising or even interesting that takes place there or with the characters. the comedy, though, is very predictable and tired. one can sense the set-ups a mile away and almost recite the dialogue (in american form, of course) before the actors do. the relationship between jc and chloe is every bit as hackneyed. she wants him to grow up; he wants them to stay the impetuous teenagers they started out being. he's afraid of losing face with his gang; she thinks he prefers them to her. you get the idea. as i struggled to stay focused on 'blue juice,' toward the end i felt, as the saying goes, that this was an hour and half of my life i'd never get back.

a movie about dealing with the problems with growing up and being true to yourself, blue juice is mind candy for those who like surfing and cornwall. sean pertwee is the real star of this film, while the more famous catherine zeta jones plays his girlfriend and ewan mcgregor plays his drug addicted pal.for those who don't like surfing or cornwall in the slightest, you'll find that it takes a long time before the movie even hints at being interesting. the beginning is slow and spends too much time on long shots of only slightly interesting landscapes. plus too many main characters leads to most of them being one dimensional. the plot is an interesting idea but because of the shallow characters you have no idea why they act in the situations they're put in.only ewan, sean and catherine's characters make this a film worth being on videotape, which is why it was only released on videotape in the us after ewan and catherine reached mainstream fame.

god this film was just so boring apart from the music which i really loved, i mean what was the point in actually making this movie please anyone who reads this review do not watch this film, it is a waste of time.emraan can act but was really pathetic in this film, i am actually ashamed to be one of his fans especially in this movie, it was just really bad.celina is just another pretty face with no lack of talent what so ever, she can't act at all, and there was no point of her being in this film, as for the other girl radha she was okay i guess but could have done better.what a waste of time. please buy the great music and don't watch this movie.

okay the promos promised a comedy and people(few) went to watch it being the first release of 2006 is not a bad thing, or for that matter of any year, because the first and last films mostly flop except ghajini and some moreokay coming to jawani diwanireview in short the film is about emraan hashmi doing his usual stuff sadly it's annoying this time after repetitions it has an irritating hrishita bhatt and a flop celina jaitleycringeworthy dialogues, comedy scenes and badly handled drama and lots of loopholesdirection is bad emraan hashmi is annoying here, luckily now he is coming of age but post footpath and murder and some decent work in some more films the actor in him took a backseat and directors focused on his kisses and womaniser image which sadly lost it's touch after repetitions hrishita and celina are bad mahesh is horrible

this movie was absolutely pathetic. a pitiful screenplay and lack of any story just left me watching three losers drool over bikini babes. at times i felt like i was watching an episode of beavis and butthead. i couldn't even sit through the whole movie. emran hashmi disappoints, and hrshitta bhatt is not impressive at all. celina jaitley was not bad. the only worthwhile part of the film is the spoof on anu malik and his obsession of shayaris. it was pretty hilarious. the songs "sini ne" and its remix version were really good. you can always count on emran lip-locking and lip-synching a chartbuster. all in all, it seems emran doesn't have a good script from the bhatts to back him up this time.

the story and the show were good, but it was really depressing and i hate depressing movies. ri'chard is great. he really put on a top notch performance, and the girl who played his sister was really awesome and gorgeous. seriously, i thought she was carmen electra until i saw the imdb profile. i can't say anything bad about peter galleghar. he's one of my favorite actors. i love anne rice. i'm currently reading the vampire chronicles, but i'm glad i saw the movie before reading the book. this is a little too"real" for me. i prefer lestat and louis's witty little tiffs to the struggles of slaves. eartha kitt was so creepy and after her character did what she did the movie was ruined for me; i could barely stand to watch the rest of the show. (sorry for the ambiguity, but i don't want to give anything away) sorry, but it's just not my type of show.

"feast of all saints?" where...? when...?was the feast of all saints storyline and theme edited out? what a waste of a wonderful title! there is never anything in the story that has the remotest connection to the "feast of all saints." nor is there anything in the story about "all souls day" which the term is referencing. why bother to use this title if you never intend to including any kind of storyline or theme about "all souls day" or the "feast of all saints"? embarrassly bad script & amateur writing how did they attract such great talent to this clunker? the writing is so amateur--characters that have known each other all their life go into big long speeches about their life history for the sake of the audience. not at all the way people talk to each other. what was the director thinking?the directing is equally bad! the forced and overly deliberate style feels amateurish. in one scene, a character is yelling "take your hands off of me" and no one is touching him! the most badly directed scene however, is the incredibly over-the-top battle scene at the beginning of the film.excessive gore in a very fake, silly battle scenethere are so many dead people in the most fake battle scene. it looks like a saturday night live skit!! you can see extras waiting for their cues to walk across camera. everyone plays their death scene like 4th grade boys--exaggerating every little gasp and twitch. the blood on battle victims is so excessive and carelessly applied it looks like someone used a ketchup dispenser and just squirted straight lines of red on the costumes.this whole battle scene comes off as the spoof of a really cheesy war movie. you almost expect someone like will ferrell and mike myers to ride up on a horse and deliver the punchline.who in real life would ever behave this way?! the most ridiculous bit of writing, directing and casting is actually the focus of the scene: a little girl is standing under the dead body of her hanging father--who is terribly mutilated, and literally dripping blood form his gaping wounds. even a totally idiot would know he is dead! yet she is--very monotonously--repeating over and over "daddy, daddy..." while looking at someone off-screen. she delivered it with about as much believability and passion as you could expect from an non-actor kid that had been repeating the line for the cameras all day.even if the poor kid had any acting skills, the scene is completely unbelievable. the little girl wouldn't even be in the middle of the battlefield after hours of carnage--surrounded by hundreds of dead bodies, while she calmly stands there!! natural instincts would had the kid screaming and terrified, running away from the bloody carnage! are we suppose to be horrified or laugh...?!one particularly goofy detail, that gives the scene an snl satire tone, is the father hanging, with a huge hook through his mouth and cheek. he looks like a fish on a hook! the unintentionally funny details, make the whole scene come across as fake and silly.in fantasy la-la-land, mothers and daughters are the same age! another funny detail, is that you see a central character--the little girl's mother--at the end of the scene and in the next scene, that occurs 20+ years later, she looks exactly the same! she is still young and beautiful, and now the same age as her daughter! i almost turned the movie off right there because the direction and writing were obviously awful--but i tried to stick it out because i wanted to see the louisiana settings and i like all the actors. i don't know what these fine actors were thinking when they accepted these roles!who was the targeted audience?the excessive amount of blood and badly acted violence in the opening scene are weirdly out of place with the soap opera storytelling tone that follows. it is also a strange way to start a movie that, for the rest of the time, seems targeted to romance novel reading females. weird inconsistency in tone!

boy oh boy oh golly gee,the most interesting thing in the movie was the hilarity of the bluescreen effects used to create mom's "invisibility." they looked like they were shot on cheap video, and it looks totally unreal, and not even in a good way where its so funny that you end up loving the movie...i did not end up loving this movie. the attempted "steadicam" shots were really pathetic as well. i mean, hey, if they had a low budget flick, that's fine. you can still make a great movie with a low budget. but, a bad movie and a low budget and effects. that makes for a bad combination. in this case, such a doomed combo created the craptastic film, "invisible mom." if you have kids, and your kids have no taste, perhaps they will stay awake through all of this one.

when this film was released in 1997 the 'special effects', such as they are, were poor. they would have been dated even for the 1980s, and even some films made in the 1970s and 1960s have had the same or better sfx work. certainly no-one involved in the production of this film was looking for an oscar. it's a wild departure from director fred olen ray's usual stuff, most of which has the word "bikini" in the title (bikini pirates, bikini chain gang, bikini girls from the lost planet, etc) and are little more than t&a flicks, but here we are with a film rated "u" and aimed squarely at the kiddies. you've got to give him credit for diversifying!! this was a minor direct-to-video cult hit which later resulted in a couple of sequels - invisible mom 2 and invisible dad. dee wallace-stone (whose career went downhill fast after 1982s "e.t.) plays the 'invisible mom' of the films title and would return for the sequel. russ tamblyn (whose career had been in free-fall even longer since 1961s "west side story") plays the villainous dr. woorter. it's probably fair to say that most of the cast were at the point in their careers where they would be prepared to work on almost anything just to pay the bills that month - except maybe young trenton knight as josh. it's rather telling though that although he worked prior to this movie, this child actor didn't work again after the sequel, "invisible mom 2". maybe the film was cursed. after all, he wasn't that bad in this film. for a child actor, he's pretty good - no better or worse than any of his more experienced co-stars.as mentioned above, the "invisibility" effects are naff to say the least, the direction is poor, the writing obvious and the acting nothing to write home about. there are plenty of worse films out there though, and for anyone under the age of about ten, this film will no doubt be quite watchable. most adults will probably want to do a disappearing act of their own while it is on though, and i wouldn't blame them one bit!

my title just about sums this heap of crap up i should have taken a hint when i saw it was a fred olen ray movie - but i thought 'hey, it might be better than his usual rubbish' boy, was i wrong! this has to be the worst movie ever targeted at children. the acting was awful, the humour was non-existent, the direction was the worst i have ever seen & the special effects wouldn't seem out of place on a 1950's disney movie.what has happened to dee-wallace stone! who once had such a promising career in the 80's. movie veteran & former child actor russ tamblyn was a awful bad-guy & the budget was so low it was a totally unbelievable even as a kiddie movie.i haven't seen the sequel made in 1999 and nor do i intend toif you want a good kid movie watch 'honey i shrunk/blew up the kids/kid' or any disney moviemy rating as a 19 yo :- 2/10rating as a kid movie :- 3/10 at the best!

we have an average family. dad's a famous rapper, we have the "rebelious teenage daughter", the adopted white kid, and the cute little kid. and we have careless housemaid, what show has had a housemaid like that? do we have a messed-up brady bunch? yay! when it first came out i thought it was really cool, mostly because i was young. the music was bad. the raps were so bad and they were too g-rated. all of his raps were about his family and friends and problems. the dad was kind of the "danny from full house" type of dad. always gave the advice out. but he wasn't a clean freak. they had a house-keeper for that. remember? the plots were basically lil' romeo was in trouble of some sort, or... not that's it. oh and maybe some preteen drama. yeah that stuff is good. not really. but its still a good show for kids. but nikelodean could do better.

my god this movie is awfully boring. i am a big fan of gina gershon, when i rented this movie i expected a romantic drama, and some great performance from gershon. gershon is great as always, but she is not right actress for this role, she is too good for rade serbedzija. the romance between gershon and serbedzija's characters is too unconvincing. and i absolutely hated serbedzija's character (a wonman organizer), he is not charming in anyway in the movie. how did dr. lauren graham (gershon) is beyond my comprehension. maybe sean connery, robert deniro or harrison ford would have done a better job on this role, but they don't have the european-ish looking i guess. any way, i was so bored druing the movie. if you are looking for a good gina gershon movie, check out bound, her best film so far. if you are looking for a romantic film about a younger woman and an older man, try some harrison ford or sean connery movies. gina gershon is so underrated, and she deserves better chance than this, i wish her to make better choice in the future.

this is at least the third remake of this movie so if while watching it, there is a sense of deja vu, don't be surprised. all they did was change the setting of the story and tell it differently but the differences are not significant. and it doesn't get any better because the plot is flawed to begin with. it never works. and like its predecessors, the acting is mediocre.the plot has a unique ending which will surprise any one who has never seen the movie before but the ending doesn't fit the story. had this movie ended ten minutes earlier, it would have worked and have been very satisfying and i would have thought it more worthwhile. but here is the spoiler and that in the end crime does pay because the criminal is not caught. i never like this message resulting from a movie.

race car drivers say that 100 mph seems fast till you've driven 150, and 150 mph seems fast till you've driven 250.ok.andalusian dog seems breathtakingly bizarre till you've seen eraserhead, and eraserhead seems breathtakingly bizarre till you've seen begotten.and begotten seems breathtakingly bizarre till you've seen the works of c. frederic hobbs. race fans, there is nothing in all the world of film like the works of c. frederic hobbs.alabama's ghost comes as close as any of his films to having a coherent plot, and it only involves hippies, rock concerts, voodoo, ghosts, vampires, robots, magicians, corrupt multinational corporations, elephants and mystery gas. and the fabulous woodmobile, cruising the sunset district in san francisco, of course.what's really startling is that somebody gave him a lot of money to make alabama's ghost. there's sets, lighting, hundreds of extras, costumes, lots and lots of effects. somehow that makes alabama's ghost so wrong. you watch some awful cheeseball like night of horror or plutonium baby, and at least some part of the weirdness is excusable on the basis that they were obviously making the film off the headroom on their discover cards. but alabama's ghost was made with an actual budget, and that's evil. i mean, i've got a script about a tribe of cannibals living in thunder bay, ontario, building a secret temple in the woods out of twizzlers, and nobody's beating down my door waving a checkbook - how did this guy get the funds for four of the flakiest movies ever made?

sammy horn (michael des barres) is the head chef and owner of a famous restaurant in california. he has a lovely wife, grace horn (rosanna arquette), who is pregnant, and a beautiful son of about five years old. sammy indeed loves his family, but like dr. jeckyll and mr. hyde, he has a double life, having sex with many different women. dr. jane bordeaux (nastassja kinski) is trying to help him. ok, it is my fault: i read the summary of the other imdb user comments, i saw the imdb user rating, but i really did not believe that rosanna arquette and nastassja kinski could participate in such a bad movie. i decided to check it, and actually some comments are very complacent. the storyline, the screenplay and the dialogs are so silly and laughable that even in some x-rated movies we can find more intelligent stories. the photography is so amateurish and naive that in some parts it seems to be taken through a vhs camcorder. michael des barres does not have sense of ridiculous: being an old man, bald, would be acceptable in an advertisement of viagra or grandfather of the small boy. but as an attractive man who gets and has sex with any woman, it is scary. in wood allen's comedy, maybe he got a chance, but in a `serious' movie, it is funny. i am trying to figure out why or how rosanna arquette and nastassja kinski accepted to participate in such awful, amateurish and trash movie. do they need money? lack of chances in better movies due to their ages? are they friends of the `director' (sorry for using this word) and decided to help and promote him? i do not know whether the intention of rosanna arquette was to show her breasts full of silicone, but it is unacceptable that such a great actress accepts such a script. the same is applicable to the gorgeous nastassja kinki. she is presented fat, without make-up, without any glamour. a total lack of respect with one of the most beautiful actress in the cinema history. a fact is really intriguing me: how can a reader, without any personal interest, promote this trash, giving higher ratings or writing favorable comments about this movie? are they friends of the `director' (again, i am using this word...) or the cast? it sounds very strange to me that a normal imdb reader can like such a film. my vote is two.title (brazil): `viciado em sexo' (`addicted in sex')

this movie could have been a decent b-movie if 3/4 of the the movie wasn't so much focusing on the sex scenes. i mean, he's a sex addict, and i'm sure that there's a lot more that goes on with sex addicts outside of having sex on a constant basis. michael des barres did a good job considering what all he had to do, which wasn't much. at one point or another, one would have to laugh at him, because his character was so pitiful. nastassja kinski was alright in her role as the concerned sex therapist, she could've of done more though and i'm not suggesting her having sex. the person that stood out the most to me in this movie was rosanna arquette in her convincing role as the loving and concerned wife. there's something about beautiful inside and out that strongly appeals to me. she played that role and as you watched the movie, you start to feel bad for her."diary of a sex addict" while not oscar material or a modern classic to anyone's standards, is quite informative and does a fair job in showing you how one's personal demons can take over and ruin the very things in life you think highly of.

no reason to bother renting this flick. from the opening credits on, i knew i was in trouble.it was filmed as though it was a soft porn movie, but there really isn't anything erotic about it. the look into the world of sex addiction is intriguing, but only to a point.boring sex scenes, bad plot, and cameos by ed begley jr. and rosanna arquette aren't enough to save this film.

this movie could had been an interesting character study and could had given some insight on its subject but real problem with this movie is that it doesn't have any of this in it. it doesn't give any insight-, or solutions to the problem. it's just the portrayal of 'old' male sex addict and the problems this is creating for his every day normal life and family. why would you want to watch this? it's all so totally pointless and meaningless.it also really doesn't help that the main character is some wrinkly 50+ year old male. you'll have a hard time identifying yourself- and sympathize for him. he just seems like a dirty old playboy, who is an a constant hunt for woman and sex. he has all kinds of sexual intercourse's about 3 times a day with different woman and not just only with prostitutes.it also doesn't have a bad visual style, though it all feels a bit forced. but nevertheless it's all better looking than most other direct-to-video productions. who knows, if the film-makers had been given better material to work with, the movie would had deserved a better faith.the story really gets ridicules at times. there are really some pointless plot-lines that are often more laughable than they were obviously supposed to be. i'm talking about for instance the whole ordell plot-line. things get worse once they movie starts heading toward the ending. also the whole way the story is being told, cutting back and forth between the events that happened and the main character's sessions with his psychiatrist feels a bit cheap and simple.but as far as bad movies are concerned, this just isn't one of them. it's not really any better or worse than any other random straight-to-video flick, with similar concepts.still seems weird and quite amazing that they managed to cast nastassja kinski and ed begley jr. in such a simple small insignificant production as this one is. guess they were really desperate for work and money.4/10

don't let the title trick you into watching this movie. i read the title, saw that it came on in the middle of the night, and figured it was one of those soft porn movies. this movie is bad. if you like soft porn movies, then i'm sorry to say this isn't one. there are a lot of sex but nothing shown and they only last for 5 seconds or so.

ok, i wrote a scathing review b/c the movie is awful. as i was waiting another review (for derrida) of mine to pop up, i decided to check out old reviews of this awful movie. look at all the positive reviews. they all, i say all, come from contributors have have not rated any other movie other than this one. crimminy! and wait till you to the "rosebud" [sic] review.checkout the other movies rosebud reviewed and had glowing recommendations for. oh, shoot!, they happen to be for the only other movies by the two writers and director. holy window-wipers batman.joe, tony, you suck as writers, and tony, you couldn't direct out of a bad script. no jobs for you!always check positive reviews for a low rated movie!

my husband rented this from a video store thinking it was suspense. (he never reads the synopsis).well, it would be funny if the thing was watchable. it simply isn't. the same thing over and over, no intrigue, and where did they find the leading man?. the leading man, michael des barres, is not even feasibly good-looking, especially for this role he is given. also, sexual harassment at work is something, if you want to see, rent michael crichton's "disclosure". at least michael douglas looked good in the early 90's. alexandra paul, who is usually watchable, plays an embarrassing scene here. there are also lighting effects cheaper than your at home web cam. don't even waste time renting this. 0/10.

as many others have stated, this is a terrible movie, from every aspect of movie making. how they ever got some known name actors to take on this project is amazing.many people have complained that it was shot on 'cheap' video cameras. yes, it was shot on video, but not 'cheap' video. what made it bad was the lighting, white balancing, shooting technique and editing.there were so many different shooting and editing techniques used that it was a production mess. harsh, inconsistent lighting, over use of hand held shooting (ala woody allen), choppy editing (another allen technique), but poorly done, without real purpose.the lack of white balance in the restaurant kitchen scenes is embarrassing; very amateurish.the simulated sex scenes had no acting value at any level.how this video ever made it to print is beyond me. it is worth watching if only to be amazed at how bad it is.

i really tried to like this movie. it deals with an important problem in any society: sex addiction.in this story we learn that you can lose everything when you're addicted to sex. in this case, our main character and hero, for having non-stop sex with all kinds of women (crazy, kinky, neurotic) puts in jeopardy his marriage, job, and even his life.the production values are terrible; mainly the acting. oh, you won't enjoy any of the sex scenes, most of them are done in very poor taste and you might think you're watching a home made flick.second, the plot is just non sense. how could such a smart and beautiful wife stand all the nasty stuff from the husband? how could she believe him?! the threesome situation is priceless and will make you chuckle for a while.also, the scene with the black movie theater attendant is just pointless and will leave you thinking "wtf?". scenes like those you will find plenty. avoid this movie. please, avoid it; it's not soft core, it's not a documental, it's not a dramatic feature. it's a pretentious effort form a so called documentary director or whatever.only mrs. kinski's legs on display are worth the watch. i caught it on hbo and i'm glad i didn't spend my money on it. but those 90 minutes of my life won't come back.

this film was so amateurish i could hardly believe what i was seeing. it is shot on video! not film! i have not seen the likes of this since the early 70's, when late night networks showed movie of the week 'horror flicks' shot in......video. it looks like a bad soap opera, and that is paying it a compliment. some of the actors give it their best shot. michael des barres does okay with what he is given to do, which is to act like a sex addict out of control. i can't say that it is pleasant to watch.nastassja kinski as the therapist sits in a chair for practically the entire film, with very little variation in camera angles. i can't fault her for someone else's poor blocking, but she is totally unbelievable in her role. her little girl voice works against her here. and i consider myself a nastassja kinski fan. she is certainly ageless and exotic, but she's outside her range with this.alexandra paul is pathetically overwrought. every line she delivers is with three exclamation points. someone must have directed her to scream at all costs. why would michael des barres want to have sex with such a raging shrew?finally, rosanna arquette as the sweet, maligned wife comes off okay, and probably the most believable of the bunch. but that is not saying much.this has to be the worst film i have seen in years.

i wouldn't normally write a comment on-line, but this is the worst movie i've ever seen. not only that it's filmed just like a soap series ("the young and the restless" is really filmed by professionals compared to this), but it also has awful cuts. it has no action. it is full of useless garbage.here's an example: a guy wants to kill the main character as he got fired because of him. so (after loads of crap) here they are: the guy puts a knife at his throat and says something like "you're dead now". then the main character says: "if you kill me you're dead. i've told the police you're threatening me". so the (killer) guy goes like (just about to cry): "oh no... the cops are following me!?!! oh... my god".remember: this is just an example. i really cannot believe this movie actually exists. so: if you want to see the worst movie ever... go ahead, i recommend it :)

i was subjected to this atrocity by my wife, tried to turn it off after 10 minutes, but was forced through the whole thing. this must be, hands down, the most gruesome pretense of a movie ever...there were great script moments, such as:sammy - "if she gets over here right away, she gets a bonus" madam - "a boner?" sammy - "no, a bonus"to summarize: horrible script, terrible acting and incredibly illogical.

a sexually obsessed chef leads a duplicitous life: one as a "happily" married man with a ten year oldish child, the other as a sex fiend. the bulk of the documentary-like film follows him for five consecutive days and is told in flashback with nastassja kinski as a clinical sex therapist, listening to his story and intelligently probing him. nastassja's role is very restrictive and she is the only principal adult character who does not take off her clothes. if she had, i would have rated this movie a big fat "f." as it is, it rates an f+, implying that it is still a failure unless one likes to be bored. it is probably a lot more interesting to spend ninety minutes cleaning out the garage. "diary of a sex addict" falls into the category of films that once one has seen it, one wishes that one hadn't.

i fell asleep on my couch at 7:35pm last night watching larry sanders (i usually directivo it, but not last night). woke up at 3am (invesment banker on the west coast), and was fascinated to see this on hbo2. i was shocked on how poor this 'movie' was. seriously. shocked. so shocked that i had to write a commentary on imdb. this is really really bad. the writing is boring, but the directing and editing are simply below those of a freshman at a film school.yes it is shot video. mind you, that is shot on video, not digital video. it does look like a soap opera. the clips from skateboard videos have a more 'film' feel to them then this horror.i wanted to describe the poor directing but i honestly cant remember anything. the shots and blocking are stupid. yes, i chose the word 'stupid'. not unconventional, not daring, not bold, not boring, just stupid. i know people reviewing this review will say "well give me an example". i cant. it was 3am. but trust me, i know you will watch it anyway, you will be drawn by the horrible reviews.

this film was so amateurish i could hardly believe what i was seeing. it is shot on video! not film! i have not seen the likes of this since the early 70's, when late night networks showed movie of the week 'horror flicks' shot in......video. it looks like a bad soap opera, and that is paying it a compliment. some of the actors give it their best shot. michael des barres does okay with what he is given to do, which is to act like a sex addict out of control. i can't say that it is pleasant to watch.nastassja kinski as the therapist sits in a chair for practically the entire film, with very little variation in camera angles. i can't fault her for someone else's poor blocking, but she is totally unbelievable in her role. her little girl voice works against her here. and i consider myself a nastassja kinski fan. she is certainly ageless and exotic, but she's outside her range with this.alexandra paul is pathetically overwrought. every line she delivers is with three exclamation points. someone must have directed her to scream at all costs. why would michael des barres want to have sex with such a raging shrew?finally, rosanna arquette as the sweet, maligned wife comes off okay, and probably the most believable of the bunch. but that is not saying much.this has to be the worst film i have seen in years.

this movie (not a film -- clearly recorded on a cheap cam-corder) may be one of the greatest cinematic stink-bombs in history. beware: the packaging advertises the flick as an erotic exploration of sex-addiction. the film is not an exploration of anything, and it is no more erotic than staring at one's own warts. the script is pointless and meandering, with all plot elements serving as segways between supposed sex scenes. however, even the sex scenes are lame lame lame. except for the first, they are around three seconds long (then again, maybe my version was cut) and comically overwrought.if you are looking for a decent film, you don't want this. if you are looking for a titillating sex-flick, you don't want this. whatever your life's goals, desires, or perspectives, you do not want to watch this movie. how they got rosanna arquette, natashia kinski, and ed begly to act in this stink bomb is puzzling in the extreme.

let me first say, i watched this movie around midnight, and usually there only is trash around this hour, but this movie broke the recordfirst of all the main character is an old non attractive creepy guy, yet he gets to f*ck all girls that come on his path for example he goes to a shop, talks to a girl and then you see them f*cksecondly there are loads of sex scenes, and in many of them there is no nudity at all, i would not have been surprised if one of the characters in the movie would say: fast put your clothes on so we can f*ck!thirdly this movie should show what a sexual addiction can do to a man or a family, this movie only shows soft bad acted erotica it makes me wonder why those actors agreed to play in such trash

this trashy b movie attempts to masquerade as a study of sexual addiction, but it is really a poor excuse for a sexploitation flick. the story revolves around sammy horn (subtle name) played by michael des barres. sammy is a restaurant owner with a clueless wife grace (rosanna arquette) and a young child. he has a sexual addiction and must have meaningless sex every five minutes with any woman in his field of vision who will agree (and of course every woman on the planet finds him irresistible despite the fact that he looks old enough to be collecting social security).the story is centered on a conversation with his therapist (nastassja kinski) where he is describing each of his sexual exploits via flashback. this is nothing more than a convenient launching point for a parade of serial sex acts, which consumes at least 75% of the screen time.it is hard to know where to begin criticizing a film this bad. the production values are abysmal. the movie is shot on video with a look somewhere between a tv soap opera (at best) and an amateur porn flick shot in someone's garage. the direction by joseph brutsman is horrible with bad lighting, uninspired framing and poor actor direction. the script is vapid and the dialogue mindless and vulgar.women are generally portrayed as sex obsessed nymphomaniacs just waiting for an addict like sammy to come along and rough them up while feeding their insatiable appetites with some impersonal copulation. as an example, grace's sister comes over to indignantly inform sammy that she knows he's been sleeping around and that she is going to tell his wife. his response to that is to throw her up against the wall and begin raping her. about three seconds into it she has an epiphany and is instantly converted to one of his sex disciples begging him to give her more. just as they finish grace walks in and sis says to her, `oh, great to see you, gotta run to pick up timmy' and mum's the word about sammy's indiscretions. the bond of loyalty has been sealed with a good ravishment. no spoiler here because it is so typical of the obvious nature of the film that anyone who had seen the first fifteen minutes could have predicted it.the sex depictions are all overdone, mechanical, and so poorly simulated that they are more comical than erotic. most of them are done with both participants fully clothed. the acting is wretched. michael des barres presents all the depth of a rain puddle. he really seems to get into the thrusting and profanity of the sex parts, but when it comes to actually acting with arquette and kinski, he is adrift. rosanna arquette is the closest thing to an actor in this film, giving a bearable performance and looking genuinely hurt when she finally discovers that her perfect husband is a lecherous animal. nastassja kinski is far too compassionate as the therapist, but at least we have some acting happening here. the rest of the cast is just a collection of elevated body doubles to whom they give thought provoking lines like `hit me harder, is that the best you can do?' and `oh, godyes'.this movie is among the worst i have ever seen, a dubious distinction given the thousands of films i have viewed. i have given it the extremely rare dishonor of rating it 1/10. not to be seen within three hours of any meal.

"diary of sex addict" is a pathetic attempt at a serious drama about sexual compulsiveness. probably a movie marketing scam, this flick is a stylish shoot with a good cast and little else going for it. bottom line, "diary..." would have us believe that our sex addict character has the dumbest wife in the world, a stable of babes on the side who have nothing better to do than drop their panties for him at his whim, and no job in spite of being a restaurateur. at the best, this flick could have been good drama. at the worst, cheap softcore. "diary..." isn't either and nowhere in between. this one's for the dumpster. (d-)

it is incredible in that it succeeds in being terrible on so many levels. the script, the acting, the directing and the choice of cast are all appalling. the costumes, sets and pseudo-medieval language are also utterly awful. in an odd way i actually enjoyed this film, once i had accepted that it wasn't going to be any good. it seems a shame that people would spend so much time and effort producing something so poor, when really they could have made something pretty decent out of the premise (albeit not very believable!), but instead we are treated to a rather nauseating and cheesy tale of dragons and knights, that lacks any of the charm to be found in other such fantasy films. let's just hope that the lord of the rings is a bit better! oh, and david thewlis' haircut makes him look like he-man. it does!

this movie has such inexorable b class cheapness to all its scenes, effects etc as to make you think they spent 80% of their budget on connery. it's like watching some wing commander stuff after star wars (quite apart from content).story can be described in one word: flat. and oh my god i can't remember a villain so uninteresting since long long ago. we're given neither a reason he's so wicked (an inborn defect, we're lead to think:) nor any real convincedness or flair to his wickedness.if you're out for connery rather go rent `hunting forrester'.

an interesting idea for a film, both showing the last dragon on earth and showing the struggle he and someone evil have together. when he was younger, einon got stabbed in the heart, so bowen (dennis quaid) took him to the dark lord who gave him half his heart. now grown up einon (david thewlis) is now the selfish and evil king. meanwhile, bowen is using a new friend draco the dragon (voiced by sir sean connery) to get rewards for "killing" dragons. but because einon has half of draco's hear, they both feel the pain in one of them is hurt, or killed. also starring pete postlethwaite as gilbert of glockenspur, jason isaacs as lord felton, julie christie as queen aislinn and john gielgud as king arthur. it was nominated for the oscar for best visual effects. worth watching!

i had high expectations for this movie and was excited about renting it but was very disappointed when i saw it. it was very poorly written and sort of just fell apart. there wasn't a lot of good anything in this movie except maybe special effects.

ok, i admit i watched this movie on mystery science theater 3000 (which i am a huge fan of), but i am not one of those people who automatically gives an mst3k movie a 1/10 rating. although i hate many of the movies they play, and some are among of the worst movies i've ever seen, i have actually been able to enjoy some mst3k movies. that being said, this is one of the worst movies i've ever seen. (it is no wonder, in fact, that the mst3k writers themselves commented that this one was one of the worst. don't believe me? check out their site.)to me, this movie is a good example of what not to do in filmmaking. the dialogue is very bad, the acting is worse, the cinematography is pathetic the direction (while perhaps being the best thing in this movie) is bad.the pacing is the worst part in this movie. a few times in this movie, the viewer had to wait literally minutes for something to happen. while minutes may not sound like a very long amount of time, it can be in a movie, particularly in this one. i'm sure it was meant to create a mood, but i was just very bored. it truly felt like ten minutes.if "suspension of disbelief" means "almost falling asleep during a movie", then this has plenty of that. but the screaming skull is just so horrible, there is no way i could have possibly even gotten interested in anything that was actually going on in the film, and thus the "suspension of disbelief" was indeed non-existant.one of the worst, and probably the most boring movie i've ever seen.1/10

that is the best way i can describe this movie which centers on a newly married couple who move into a house that is haunted by the husband's first wife who died under mysterious circumstances. that sounds well and good, but what plays out is an hour of pure boredom. in fact one of the funny things about this flick is that there is a warning at the beginning of the film that promises anyone who dies of fright a free coffin. well trust me, no one ever took them up on that offer unless someone out there is terrified of plastic skulls, peacocks, weird gardeners, and doors being knocked on. and the music is the worst, it consists of constant tuba music which sounds like it is being played by some sixth grader. and you will figure out the terrible secret that is so obvious that you really have to wonder what the people in this movie were thinking. someone dies while running and hitting their head and the police are never called to investigate. yes in the end this is a slow paced (which is really bad considering the movie is only just over an hour), boring little tale, that is easily figured out by the average person. apparently none of the characters in this flick were the average person.

the producers of this film offer to pay funeral expenses for anyone who dies of fright while watching this movie. they should have offered intensive psychotherapy for anyone who really enjoyed this stinker. a young couple moves into a house, where a woman who looks like the woman from the couple lived. extremely boring, and very predictable. in the end i ended up not caring about anyone in this movie.avoid this one at all costs.

i saw this movie on mystery science theater 300. it sucked so much. if i hadn't been watching it on mst3k, i probably would've thrown it out the window. the characters were incredibly lame and it didn't provide much of a plot in my opinion.

i am not a big fan of horror films, and have only seen a handful of them (and none of the "halloween"s or "friday the thirteenth"s) - but i can appreciate a frightening horror film not because of gore. and i'm pretty sure this isn't scary. what's so spooky about a little plastic skull that pops up everywhere? in all of its appearances there are faraway establishing shots, so there's no real surprise in any of this film. (not that a skull in of itself is that scary anyway, but . . .) the plot concerns claus von bulow's third cousin (john hudson), who marries a donna-reed look-a-like (peggey webber, giving one of the worst performances ever) who begins seeing skulls and hearing the mysterious screams of a group of peacocks on her husband's mansion. did i mention that her husband lost her first wife in a mysterious drowning incident? ooooh!!!! wonder who did it!!!! this is the same old plot about a rich boy trying to kill and/or drive their wife insane. if you want to see a well-done version of this stuff, try "reversal of fortune". and btw, jeremy irons is one hundred times more talented than john hudson. the msting was okay but nothing special; paired with the "gumby" short, however, it makes for good viewing. two stars for "the screaming skull"; eight stars for the mst3k version. and now, to paraphrase mr. von bulow himself: "how bad is this film?" "you have no idea!"

if the term itself were not geographically and semantically meaningless, one might well refer to "ned kelly" as an "australian western." for the people down under, ned kelly was, apparently, a folk hero bandit akin to robin hood, jesse james, bonnie and clyde, and butch cassidy and the sundance kid. the descendant of irish immigrants, kelly became a fugitive and an outlaw after he was falsely accused of shooting an australian law officer, a crime for which his equally innocent mother was put into prison. to get back at the government for this mistreatment, kelly, his brother dan, and two other companions, became notorious bank robbers, winning over the hearts of many people in the countryside while striking a blow for justice in a land where irish immigrants were often treated with disrespect and disdain by those who ran the country.perhaps because we've encountered this "gentleman bandit" scenario so many times in the past, "ned kelly" feels awfully familiar and unoriginal as it pays homage to any number of the genre's stereotypes and clichés on its way to the inevitable showdown. ned is the typical heart-of-gold lawbreaker who kills only when he is forced to and, even then, only with the deepest regret. he also has the pulse of the common folk, as when, in the middle of a bank robbery, he returns a valuable watch to one of the customers, after one of his gang has so inconsiderately pilfered it. what movie on this particular subject hasn't featured a scene like that? it's acts of selective generosity like this, of course, that earn him the love and respect of all the little people who come to secretly admire anyone who can get away with sticking it to the powers-that-be and the status quo. geoffrey rush plays the typical bedeviled law enforcer who feels a personal stake in bringing down this upstart troublemaker who keeps getting away with tweaking the establishment. there's even the inevitable episode in which one of the ladies being held up goes into the next room and has sex with one of the robbers, so turned on is she by the romantic derring-do of the criminal lifestyle. and the film is riddled with one hackneyed scene like this after another.heath ledger fails to distinguish himself in the title role, providing little in the way of substance to make his character either interesting or engaging. it doesn't help that he has been forced to provide a droning voice-over narration that underlines the sanctimoniousness and pretentiousness of both the character and the film."ned kelly" might serve a function of sorts as a lesson in australian history, but as an entertainment, it's just the same old story told with different accents.

life is really too short for movies like this. i knew it couldn't be good when i realized what i'd already suspected - that david schwimmer would be playing the exact same type of person he plays in 'friends'.let's face it, either the guy can't play anything but a nerd or he is never offered any other parts. i have a feeling that it's a mixture of both.and i have to say that it is extremely difficult to like a movie that utterly wastes the considerable talents of gwyneth paltrow, barbara hershey, toni collette and carol kane!!!

the interplay between the characters is a moral disaster. you end up disliking most of the characters and you don't particularly like any of them.even the two main characters played by david and gwen are so badly written that you really don't care one bit about them. the movie has no plot, no direction and no purpose. the single redeeming quality of the movie was to treat it as a glimpse into the messed up lives of a few losers - and that's hardly stimulating even as an afternoon waste.

this film is advertised as a clever romantic comedy. it is neither clever nor romantic and it is definitely not an effective comedy. the fortunes of the well meaning yet pathetic character, "tom", oscillate from one extremely embarrassing disaster to another. the only saving graces are the competent performance by toni collete and the frequency with which we glimpse paltrow's pleasant face. overall, to be avoided!

some 25 year olds behave like teenagers, coping with the death of a high-school mate, trying to find their purpose in live and love. the script is so lame that i had to force myself to even finish this movie. stay away from it. 1/10

columbo movies have been going downhill for years, this year it may have reached the bottom. peter falk gives the same uninspired performance and comes over as creepy in this movie. as is usual in this series, crime scene protocols are unheard of so plausibility is always lacking. brenda vaccaro chews the scenery and pulls pantomime faces and andrew stephens is a pretty unconvincing lady's man. (his faint, though, was a hoot!)the script was by the numbers and its delivery patronising. they should never have brought columbo into the nineties, just left us all with one or two happy memories of clever plots, better scripts and sharp characterisations.

this has to be the worst piece of garbage i've seen in a while.heath ledger is a heartthrob? he looked deformed. i wish i'd known that he and naomi watts are an item in real life because i spent 2 of the longest hours of my life wondering what she saw in him. orlando bloom is a heartthrob? with the scraggly beard and deer-in-the-headlights look about him, i can't say i agree.rachel griffiths was her usual fabulous self, but geoffrey rush looked as if he couldn't wait to get off the set. i'm supposed to feel sorry for bankrobbers and murderers? this is a far cry from butch cassidy, which actually was an entertaining film. this was trite, cliche-ridden and boring. we only stayed because we were convinced it would get better. it didn't.the last 10-15 minutes or so were unintentionally hilarious. heath and his gang are holed up in a frontier hotel, and women and children are dying because of their presence. that's not funny. but it was funny when they walked out of the hotel with the armor on, because all we could think of was the black knight from monty python and the holy grail. i kept waiting for them to say "i'll bite yer leg off!" we were howling with laughter, as were several other warped members of the audience. when we left, pretty much everyone was talking about what a waste of time this film was.i may not have paid cash to see this disaster (sneak preview), but it certainly wasn't free. it cost me 2 hours of my life that i will never get back.

the first five minutes of this movie showed potential. after that, it went straight from something possibly decent to some sort of illegitimate comedy. the best part is that i couldn't stop thinking of supertroopers thanks to joey kern. i would recommend watching this movie for the sheer fact of learning how not to make a movie. there are so many scenes in this movie that makes one just stop and wonder if the entire cast and crew just stopped caring at some point. the thing that amazes me most about this movie is that it grossed $22 million in the box office and only cost about $1.5 million to make. congrats to lion's gate for being able to pull that one off.

cabin fever is the first feature film directed by eli roth.roth and randy pearlstein co wrote the script from a story by roth.this a zombie film,which owes a lot to george romero and his earlier "living dead movies",and to the original texas chainsaw massacrenot to mention sam ramie's "evil dead".there is nothing original here,and the story is not compelling.the acting is about par with this genre,it's just that the story fails.we have pretty much seen this movie before and better made.having said that,after having achieved commercial, if not artistic success from this movie,roth decided he was a director and came out with the abysmally atrocious,mean spirited,pointless(though much more ambitious)crap fest hostel.roth should have quit while he was behind.cabin fever is not a good film,however compared to hostel it is a work of art.i hope somebody (preferably a psychiatrist)convinces this guy that film-making is the wrong career choice.as for cabin fever,a weak 3/10 for not being as abysmal as hostel.

i had heard some bad things about cabin fever almost as much as i heard the cultish hype. as it turns out, the first film from the new impresario eli roth, it's just a so-so effort with the iq points dropping as the film progresses. there are worse movies out there, and surely more gory ones (while i'm not sure how the hype-meter got so high on the blood-count for hostel, there is a good amount for genre fans here). the premise isn't necessarily bad either though: kids go to a cabin for a week of partying, only to come across a very sick man, covered in blood, whom in a panic they set on fire. he winds up dead in the water that feeds the reservoir, and soon the characters all succumb to the flesh-eating virus one way or another. the characters, either the lead college kids (including rider strong as the hero and james dibello as the goofy side-bar) or the supporting 'village' folks are archetypal to the point of inertia, if not painfully so. as they meet their fates, the townspeople get pretty weird, and it just seems to be non-sensibly thrown together without the many laughs; 'pancakes kid' comes out of nowhere, and maybe might have been funnier in another movie or by itself, but in the context of the rest of the movie, it just doesn't work. there's also a young police character who is even dumber and less convincing than the others. and the family that goes after dibello following an incident has some possibilities that aren't realized. but all the while, roth pumps up his script with common sense out the window and sudden scares and frights with people hacking up blood on one another and a killer dog rambling around. which isn't all for not either. now, unlike lesser troma horror movies or even lesser ones of the 70s or 80s- to which i'm sure roth is a die-hard fan- he doesn't make it unwatchable. it's also smart to not have any explanation for where the virus comes from. but unlike those films too, he also doesn't really have a fine idea of what makes for great campy-horror times. his film tries for that, of course, and only once or twice does he make it a goofy, bloody time (i did like the random bunny strong sees while on the gurney). it's not even very poorly shot a lot of the time (albeit with its own contrived style-choices ala red tint on the lens or that story with the bowling-alley worker). it simply contains a lot of illogical scenarios and choices made (shave your legs with a deadly virus, uh-huh), and it aims for fairly typical ground. if that's your cup of tea, more power to you. but at the end i found it to be actually un-exceptional genre territory that doesn't offend audience sensibilities ala saw, but doesn't swing for the fence either as a clever b-movie. roth also has the temerity to end the movie on a true note of 'what-the-hell' as the santa claus bearded convenience store clerk from earlier in the film serves a bunch of black people. it could work if he followed up on it with something better, or if he dropped it altogether. same could be said for a lot of the movie. c-

the premise of cabin fever starts like it might have something to offer. a group of college teens after finals (in the fall?) goes to a resort cabin in the woods where one by one they are attacked by an unseen flesh eating virus.unfortunately, the first paragraph is where any remote elements of film quality stop. cabin fever is little more than college kids looking for sex, booze, talking non-stop about nothing, and seeing how many f-bombs they can get into 1:40 minutes or however long this mess is.the kids act and react stupidly to everything around them. one of them for instance discovers that the skin virus has infected her legs, so what does she do? she keeps shaving her legs failing to take proper medical attention for her wounds. the scene is little more than a gross out. in another scene, rider strong from "boy meets world" gets bitten on the hand by some kid who only says "pancakes" and likes to do karate kicks on those who sit next to him. if you can figure out the reason for why the "pancakes" kid was included, i'd love to know. anyway, rider pets a wild dog and goes off to wash his bitten hand in a most likely contaminated creek. another kid likes to drop f-bombs in reacting to everything around him and shoot squirrels. why? your guess is as good as mine!rider strong is the only kid with any recognition in this movie. he tries to calm people down in-between the yelling and screaming and f*** y**! bombs that people are throwing around. when the kids aren't yelling, they are having or talking about sex or talking nonsense to the other adult characters who are even more (if that is possible)idiotic than the kids! the idiot cop with an iq of 60 at best may be one of the worst acting jobs i have ever seen in a movie. you talk about people not playing with a full deck, this dork doesn't even know how to find the cards! lol! i was like, "will you please shut up already?!" he makes the kid actors look like geniuses! the only part that i sort of liked was rider's scary story (although gory) about the deranged bowling alley guy. in interviews, rider said that he had a great deal of respect for director eli roth. but the problem is that mr. roth appears to be going for little more than shock and gore. there are far too many bad things about this movie for mr. roth to get any credit. i wish i could agree with rider and find something likable about this movie. maybe the fall scenery in the beginning? actually, rider strong just saves this movie from being a 1! hopefully, he was compensated for this junk!

truly one of the most dire films i've ever sat through. i've never actually taken the time to write one of these but felt compelled to after witnessing this affront to film-making and feel somewhat aggrieved to be wasting my time on such a piece of turd to be honest. there were so many parts that infuriated me with their complete randomness and lack of sense (e.g. when would the police force ever shoot people with infectious diseases? when would hospitals ever through out such people for lack of a cure? why was the guy who spotted him spying on his wife wandering around outside in his dressing gown whilst carrying a gun as she rolled around on the bed?). also, the characterisation - as we've almost come to expect in such films - was awful (e.g. the way the blonde guy - i don't remember his frickin name and don't give a toss anyway - completely turned against his girlfriend and ran off to leave her) and i ended up wanting them all to meet grisly ends! the production was horribly disjointed and the cinematography nothing to write home about.

this is probably one of the worst films i have ever seen. the events in it are completely random and make little or no sense. the fact that there is a sequel is so sickening i may come down with a case of cabin fever (i'm so sorry). i describe it as bug being smooshed to a newspaper because it seems to be different parts of things mixed together. e.g kevin the pancake loving karate kid is just freakishly weird on its own, then there's the cop who is slightly weird and perverted, then the drug addict, then there's the fact that they attack some random guy who clearly needs help. then all of a sudden the main character is having sex with his friends girlfriend just because she says something stupid about a plane going down. then at the end some good old family racism followed by a rabbit operating on kevin the karate kid. its actually pretty despicable that they can use racism as a joke in this film. there is no reason for anyone to enjoy this film unless you love eli roth, even that did not make me like this film. hate is a strong word but seeing as it is the only word i am permitted to use it will have to do. boycott cabin fever 2!!!!!

liongate has yet to prove itself. every single movie from lionsgate has been abysmal. i've tried and tried to give them more opportunities and they just keep slapping me over and over again. and cabin fever is definitely no exception.i couldn't even pay attention to most of this movie it was so frustrating and bad.here's the plot. guy cuts up dead dog for some reason. gets infected by random virus, transfers it to kids at a camp, kids start to get infected and die, town finds out about it and rather than help them, kills them. then the water is infected and everyone dies. the end.seriously, that's the whole movie.all the characters are completely retarded, you don't care for any of them, and the one kid should have stuck with boy meets world. me and my friend found that talking about how fat and bitchy our one classmate was to be far more enjoyable than paying attention to this movie. we did manage to make it all the way to the end while screaming bulls$@t, because this film will make you do that.and i'm still confused by the random slow motion karate moves of the one random kid and how apparently everybody out in the country is completely retarded and hickish. and again, why did this dog attack the girl? why did the kid the hicks were trying to kill sit in a chair waiting for them to kill him? that was part of the two of their's plan? wow. best plan ever. i cannot believe this movie got a theatrical release. i could barely stomach the dvd, let alone have to sit in a theater not moving for an hour and a half. it wasn't scary, or funny, or cool, or anything. it's just a waste of 90 minutes that you could be using to...i don't know, plant a tree or something. it's more productive than this piece of garbage. the acting, special effects, and script are a joke. don't ever pick this up.cabin fever gets one nasty leg shaving scene, out of 10

i've rented and watched this movie for the 1st time on dvd without reading any reviews about it. so, after 15 minutes of watching i've noticed that something is wrong with this movie; it's terrible! i mean, in the trailers it looked scary and serious!i think that eli roth (mr. director) thought that if all the characters in this film were stupid, the movie would be funny...(so stupid, it's funny...? wrong!) he should watch and learn from better horror-comedies such as:"fright night", "the lost boys" and "the return of the living dead"! those are funny!"cabin fever" is the reason why i registered to www.imdb.com so i can release my thoughts of discontent about it.i've decided to watch the movie a second time >aaargh!< and make notes for my partial "review" to show how foolish the movie is. "resident evil" (horror) or "dude, where's my car?" (comedy) i can watch over and over again and still enjoy! but this...!how bad can a script and a director be??? this bad. here are the awful scenes in chronological order:in the early scenes we see henry, who doesn't realize his dog lying on the ground with its tongue hanging out of its mouth and dead-glazed stare is dead!the movie doesn't explain anything about the blonde long-haired kid who like to bite people.and my answer to marcy's unanswered question ("what's wrong with the woods?") is "nothing". the script has that bearded guy warn them about the woods just for "suspense".then the "smartest" of the 5-pack, bert, almost gives us an example of how to start a forest fire. he meets now-infected henry who begs for help and from here on the movie wants to break the record in using the "f-word". bert starts to freak out because henry looks awfully ill. bert:"don't make me shoot you!" (he forgets to add: "...with my bb gun!")bert heads back to the cabin but how about that? he meets marcy and jeff who were having sex, but now suddenly decide to go out for a walk! marcy wisely takes out the unguarded campfire bert had started earlier (a moment of clarity for a change?) bert doesn't mention a word about henry because the fool thinks he has killed him with his bb gun.later, as the five estupidos sit around their campfire, another weirdo shows up with his dog. (maybe that's what the warning about the woods is all about? it's filled with weirdos...and their dogs!?) they let him sit with them only because he has a huge bag filled with cannabis. (their brains are completely intoxicated! no wonder why they are all so dumb!) this is the last time we'll see this forgettable character...alive!henry shows up at their cabin, (note: he was lying all the time a few yards from their cabin!!!) looking worse, almost like a zombie, covered in goo! he says he needs a doctor. but the young einsteins refuse to help the poor sucker. he gets into their unlocked truck which of course also has its key in the ignition. henry almost seems smart enough to drive the hell away from there but instead starts puking blood all over the dashboard, seats and windows. the fantastic five come out running, armed with: a bb gun, a knife, a baseball bat (*huh? ever tried playing baseball in the middle of the woods???), a poker, and a (insecticide?) spray-can, ready to combat the single, unarmed and terribly sick man. (clever script!) bert manages to kill the car with one single shot of his bb gun, which is only possible in the mind of director eli roth. "what else am i supposed to do?" bert yells in his defense. jeff and paul try to knock henry down with their bat and poker but miss and crash the truck's windows instead. henry walks up to the dumb girls who say: "he's coming towards us!" (thanks for the info, dumb broads, i can see that! but i don't think he wants to do you any harm!) marcy sprays in his eyes, making henry yelp! and our "hero" paul touches henry's arm with a burning log from the campfire, which they recklessly left burning while they were inside the cabin! (where has all that wisdom gone? i guess the cannabis had started to take its toll!:-) henry turns into the human torch and runs away, screaming.the following day, bert and jeff head out for a mechanic. and marcy decides to "go for help" all by herself, in the woods, as paul stays behind with karen...doesn't that sound idiotic? marcy could have stayed with karen and paul because jeff and bert were already "going for help"!i skip my comments now to how we suddenly see marcy in a canoe rowing over a huge and winding river! how did she get a canoe? does she even know where she's going!? anyway, she goes to the riverbank and finds a very big and seemingly abandoned cabin and, like in most horror movies, walks inside the cabin saying:"hello? is anyone there?" bert suddenly pops up from behind a furniture and scares her (and me at first). and along comes jeff, as well. how did they get here!? did they swim across the river??? do you see how brainless the script is!?deputy winston meets paul at the cabin. he somehow doesn't notice the blood on their truck. this happens around 35 minutes of viewing and i have decided to stop torturing myself anymore and popped the dvd out. (before i take my own eyes out!...now, that's funny!)if you liked this movie, do yourself a favor and watch "fright night", "the lost boys", or "the return of the living dead". then you'll see they are more entertaining than this...thing. even the "toxic avenger part 2", which is also a lousy film, is way more funnier than "cabin fever".

**spoilers below!!!**cabin fever has my nod for worst film of the year...that i've seen that is. this movie is straight garbage! there is so much wrong with the film you can't help but be amazed at how bad it really is. this movie had so much potential to be good, but ultimately made nothing of it. the characters were as dumb as one can be; for the entire movie you're just asking yourself "why would you do that?" or "what's your point in doing this?"...this is how illogical and stupid the characters are. we get no background into them, so naturally you really don't give a rats as$ about their fate...you could only laugh at their stupidity. - the 'slut' (marcy) for instance... was she that horny that she had to sleep with paul (rider strong)? there was no point in that....its almost as if the filmmakers needed a excuse to give her the virus so voila! ugh. - would anyone really go into the woods and drink water from the faucet of a cabin without looking at it first?- why didn't bert just shoot the sick guy from the start? movie would've been over that way....besides, they ended up killing him anyway.- why did it take them so long to finally decide to leave the cabin, even if they had to walk? 'no, i'll just wait until 2 of my friends are infected (one a blink away from death) to finally opt to walk outta there.- what was exactly the reasoning behind paul's attempt to fish out the body of the hermit, only to fall in the contaminated reservoir and get infected with the virus? pure stupidity!i swear, common sense was not a friend, much less an aquaintance to these idiots. i don't think there has ever been a worse ending to a movie. in the beginning the kids ask the hick store cashier what the rifle was for, and he replied that 'its for the niggers'. in the end of the film, 3 young blacks (dressed in baggy clothes, one of them in a du-rag no less) go into the store....come to find out that the cashier was cleaning it for them to be used for hunting. then, he proceeds to give them all pounds and handshakes and joke around with them as if they're his homeboys.okay, what the hell was the point of that?!?!?!? how tasteless can one be, what were the filmmakers thinking putting that in the movie? i as a black man was of course offended by the initial 'nigger' comment. it was a tasteless, pointless remark. my question to the filmmakers: what was the point of the ending with the black kids? was that to force me to forget about the initial racist comment made earlier? to smooth things over with black viewers, by making a joke out of it? well, i for one, did not find that pathetic attempt at humor funny in the least bit. the whole movie was a joke....a pathetic attempt at filmmaking that shouldn't be given the time of day. peter jackson really thought this film was that good? what film was he looking at? zero * out of **** stars....if i could give it a lower rating i would. please, fellow imdb'ers, don't waste 1 1/2 hours of your precious life watching this abomination of a 'movie'. this is one of the worst movies i've ever seen.

okay i had heard little about this film, so when it came on the movie channels on tv, i wanted to watch it, being a horror aficionado. i think i can do a collective "huh?" for everyone who watched it.i decided to move on with my life, but at a party with my closest friends, we saw it was coming on and some of us having seen it already decided we could laugh our way through it, both of us proclaiming "this is the dumbest thing i've ever seen". it wasn't scary; ill give it to roth (who i think is a young hack); characters do change throughout the film, ala "cube".however despite your typical "rats in a cage" scenario- who will turn on who, etc., it was pretty average horror.a few points: 1.) what was with that kid? i'm not even talking about him being weird and biting people. i'm talking about the whole "slow motion karate kicking", what was that? 2.) okay i know rider's character liked jordan ladd's, but as a young woman, i was appalled that he just went ahead and molested her in her sleep. uh, thats illegal.3.) roth was in the movie just so roth could be in the movie. talk about pointlessly writing yourself in! 4.) what was with the deputy? 5.) so she was just instantly pulled apart by the dog? and there was little to no blood left? just a scrap of her jeans? anyway we were laughing our asses off, and i love laughing during horror movies (return of the living dead 2, evil dead), but i don't know if we were supposed to be laughing here...

i don't really know whether cabin fever is supposed to be a joke or a film... but as far as i know, it's much closer to being a joke than anything else. a few years ago, the community of horror film makers decided to take a new step and make fun of the genre, thus giving birth to the scream series. a list was given in scream, of all the stupid things horror film characters will do that are predictable, and the characters in scream ended up doing exactly the same things, which added a lot of humor and irony to this analysis of the genre, and led to hope that horror films from now on would show a bit different, either full of irony towards the genre, self-derision towards the film itself, or at least different in their dramatic process than all the "old" films that responded to the same tired criteria. in seeing "cabin fever", alas, many will see how unoriginal, serious, pretentious, boring and even not scary some supposedly "scary" films are now, even a few years later. first of all, this film lacks originality in a way few others do. it has been said several times, how little imagination horror directors have today, remaking remakes of foreign sequels, but setting the film in a cabin in the woods just doesn't seem to be an "hommage" to anything, it seems to be, simply, a ripoff. whoever wishes to be surprised by other factors of the film's story won't be: once again, we are dealing with a film whose characters are all in their early twenties, who won't think rationally when placed in front of a problem, will rather argue for hours and pick up fights than try to think and do something about it. not much excitement there either. for the umpteenth time in a horror film, they are tempted to kiss, make love and just basically have fun, all sorts of things that don't really make them any different than any other horror film victims seen previously. secondly, this film is unimaginatively serious. every situation the characters are in, every dialog, every situation in the film is treated with such seriousness that any viewer with a little sense of derision will be relieved when some characters finally end up dying. nothing in the way the film is directed, written or acted shows any sign of humor or sarcasm, which is quite amazing considering the film is about an invisible-never-heard-of-before-flesh-eating-virus (no laughs please). i won't even bring up the acting, since there are no actors in this film. the cast was most certainly hired for being friends or neighbors with the director. thirdly, and this will strike whoever has seen a "good" horror film before, the screenplay is absolutely empty. nothing really happens, some actions are repeated several times ("let's try to get help!"), nothing makes sense, either in the facts, the psychology of the characters, or even the hilariously lame last sequence of the film, which is probably supposed to be funny according to the director and screenwriters. in the end i will only remark that a horror film is supposed to have something scary in it. gallons of fake blood, whether they are being vomited, squirted from severed limbs or simply dripping from wounds, never were enough to scare an audience. such major features as screenplay, ideas, and even cruelty are requested for whoever claims to have shot something scary. if i wasn't considering it to be a total failure, i would agree to reckon that the film has one talent: it is filthy disgusting to watch. yet being grossed-out and being scared are two very different feelings, let it be known.i would like to encourage anyone a tad curious or interested in seeing this film to check older major horror films first, why not from the 60s, the 70s, the 80s, films made by wes craven, dario argento, sam raimi, stanley kubrick, david lynch, roger corman, william lustig, john carpenter... it might not only give a good definition of what is scary, or self-derisory horror, but also convince viewers that "new" isn't necessarily "better". a good example related to the film is the few tracks composer angelo badalamenti provided for this film, even although they are unmistakably close to his previous compositions, they are below anything he has ever done before.

i wasted 5.75 to see this crappy movie so i just want to know a few things:what was the point of the dog being split in half at the beginning of the movie, the disease had nothing to do with being split in half.what was the point of dragging karen into the shed, she already totally infected her room, they could have just locked her in there where she would have been safer.why would the hermit be running around the forest asking strangers to help him when he could have just asked his relative, the hog lady, to take him to the hospital?why didn't any of the characters bother to walk into town to get help when things started getting bad, are they all really that lazy?even if paul was threatened by the guy w/ the shotgun for peeping on his wife, paul could have just sent jeff or bert back to the house to ask for help. the girl he loves is deteriorating.what was the point of the box?why did jeff go back to the cabin after he left when everyone else was getting infected, if he was that big of a jerk to leave in the first place wouldn't he have just gone back home?if the police went to all the trouble of gathering up the kids and burning them on the fire pit, why did they throw paul halfway into the river, it wasn't even necessary for the plot because the water was already contaminated.who makes lemonade out of river water, that crap has dirt leaves and bugs in it. why couldn't the two kids have just use the tap water, it was contaminated too, so the stupid ending would still work.

anyone who has read my review for uwe boll's "alone in the dark" will remember that i compared the unenviable task of sitting through that piece of human waste to having each and every hair on your arm pulled out. well, take that analogy a step further with this irredeemable gutter trash and try to imagine the pain of getting your teeth extracted without novacaine. do that, and you'll have a general idea of what eli roth's "cabin fever" is all about.i never believed any one film was capable of topping the sheer agonizing dreck that uwe boll cranks out as the "worst film ever made." but, in all honesty, i have to say "cabin fever" comes very close. this is yet another sad excuse for a motion picture that had absolutely no valid reason to meet with any form of theatrical release. for somebody who claims to love the horror genre as much as eli roth does, he has created the single most annoying and convoluted patchwork of a movie i think i have ever seen in my entire life. how do you screw up a story like this? think of the potential this plot would have had without the poorly written characters, without the bad writing, and without all that unnecessary and unfunny comedy. a movie dealing with a grotesque flesh-eating virus could and should have been so much better than what roth dished out for us here. this script failed on so many levels with me. and, while i do not doubt the evident talent this director possesses, i do know that he fumbled the ball big time on an idea that could very well have redefined the horror genre.to say this was a production of missed opportunities would indeed be a gross play on words. a generous amount of blood and unsettling special effects can't even save it, and that is one element i normally go for. there really was nothing about "cabin fever" that i could easily recommend to anybody. when three quarters of the crowd walks out of the theater halfway through, you know the movie is sinking fast. my best advice to those reading this would be to simply rent before purchasing. one viewing was more than enough for me to know that i will most likely never bother with it again.

ok let's get right to the point. we have five recent college grads (must have majored in the f word) going out on a weekend camping trip. they run into someone who is in need of help, but instead of trying to assist him, they decide to set him on fire instead. nice bunch of people. next some of them start go get sick - must be something in the water at the cabin they are staying at. however the neighbors seem to be ok. oh well, when things start getting really bad, they lock up one their companions instead of getting help (try the neighbor by the way). some locals don't take a liking to them. they chase one on a high speed romp through the woods for many miles, until the truck breaks down. somehow ten minutes later he shows up at the cabin (how he could find it and how he could travel at the speed of light to get there is a mystery). another of the brain surgeon type at the cabin realizes something is amiss so he hides out in a cave to let this blow over. he then decides the next day to return to the cabin believing it must be some type of shrine. he is giddy with relief that he survived (he must have thought it was a 24 hour bug). unfortuneatley he is met by some not so friendly police officers. another couple decide to have sex while the flesh eating bug is working its magic, and then the women realizes she needs to shave her legs (taking a lot of the diseased skin with shaving cream). anyway you get the idea. nothing makes sense here. these are five people i would not want to be friends with. i was rooting for the flesh eating bacteria. other characters were introduced who were also somewhat amusing but utterly unlikeable as well. ninety minutes of good life wasted here.

when i saw the previews for this movie, i didn't expect much to begin with - around a second rate teen horror movie. but wow, this movie was absolutely awful. and that's being generous.first of all, the casting for the movie was terrible. you feel no sympathy (or for that matter any morbid feeling) for the characters. the acting was so terrible that i was just simply waiting and hoping for the god-awful thing to end.secondly, there are points in the movie that had absolutely no relation to the plot whatsoever. can somebody please explain to me why the girlish-looking boy starts screaming "pancakes!!!" at the top of his lungs while going into jackie chan moves i've never seen before, and even further biting the guy who has the virus? why does the father of the kid proceed to get angry with the virus-infected guy, and go on a redneck hunting spree to find him? i was left with a feeling of such confusion and utter disbelief that i literally said out loud, "where the hell did that come from?"i just simply couldn't believe what i had seen. i really thought i had seen some bad movies, but i have to say that cabin fever tops them all. this movie made me want to puke and then puke again. then blow my brains out.please, save yourself an hour and a half and do something more productive. watching grass grow, perhaps, is a proper alternative.

having read the other comments on this film, i would like to share my own view that this is one tough movie to see unless you are a total brooksophile. i am not.when looked at by a purely objective observer, the film is an unbalanced narrative that presents us with more undistilled neuroses than are capable of being absorbed in one sitting. it is quite difficult to watch. the brooks character (robert cole) is so unsympathetic and unpleasant that it is hard to relate to him---let alone root for him as he stumbles from one dysfunctional self-absorbed situation to the next. and he should never do a topless scene and expect to be taken seriously in a romantic context. no man could have that much exposed foliage and be supposed to turn on a babe like kathryn harrold----unless, of course, he is albert brooks in an albert brooks-controlled production."modern romance" has its amusing moments-----but they are fragmentary and infrequent. more often than not, i felt as if i were on a confined journey with a thoroughly dislikable person and wishing that it would end already. it confirms the problems that can develop when too much control of a film is placed in only one person---someone who lacks the self-discipline to be able to step back from it and see what is clearly happening.as most people probably know, james l. brooks, who played the director in this film, is in fact what he portrayed. six years later, he cast albert brooks in the very successful "broadcast news." james showed us how albert can shape a credible and entertaining comic performance. albert allowed us to see james (generally not cast as an actor) do a rare comic turn in a surprisingly effective manner.fans of "modern romance" will by now have moved on to the next laudatory comment about it. to you i say-----there is enough pain in the world without having to find it in a film intended as an entertainment.

this is a depressingly shallow, naive and mostly unfunny look at a wildly improbable relationship between brooks' psychotic film editor and harold, his vapid girlfriend. the two have zero chemistry together - primarily because harold is incapable of doing anything besides looking pretty at this stage of her career; but also because brooks' character is neither interesting nor likeable. there are 15 static, excruciating minutes at the beginning where brooks, having just broke up with harold, stumbles about his apartment in a depressed, drugged out state - unbearable.sappily and unimaginatively bookended by joe cocker's "you are so beautiful", there simply is not enough material here for a feature film. there is hardly anything going on on the periphery of their relationship to give the appearance that these people exist in a real world. i'm sure brooks' intention was to shine a white hot spotlight on the affair and, in a way, deconstruct it; but if you're going to do that the writing and acting needs to be far far better than what it is here.

when you get to the scenes that involve albert brooks without his shirt... try not to gag on a fur ball.i like albert brooks. i've seen most, if not all of his movies but it was the first time seeing this one. modern romance is an interesting take on the subject of love. there are few movies that handle the desperation of love as well or as overtly as modern romance, although 1979's chilly scenes of winter comes very close. they both essentially deal with obsessed men that are too psychologically attracted/obsessed to their respective women.where-as chilly scenes of winter borders on the subject stalking, this movie has a more grounded foundation with the subject of love because both people are already in a relationship.. and out of the relationship.. and back in it again.and because it's a movie that was released in 1981, it is of its time in terms of styles and such. that's the main reason i like this movie. my basic rule when it comes to movies is "if it sucks at least it may have some historic relevance", you know time capsule stuff.which leads me to the horrific scenes of albert brooks sans shirt.the man is hair. very hair. like he's wearing a black curly fur sweater-hairy. and what's worse is he almost looks burn victim-hairy. it's not a pleasant sight and the scenes with him without a shirt go on and on. back in the early 80's hairy men were seen as normal and nothing shocking. but in 2009 the sight of something like this is just plain revolting. sorry, albert! i wish at some point someone said "hey let's try this scene but with you wearing a simple t-shirt, i mean you might scare people". it's just really bad and i feel sorry for the poor pretty actress that had to deal with albert brooks naked body on top of hers. she was probably pulling out his hairs from her teeth for days after that.anyway, it's an ok movie. it could have been better if i hadn't see albert brooks without his shirt for what seemed like 10 long continuous minutes because that will forever taint my viewing of this movie.

a bondage, humiliation, s&m show, and not much else. the plot is flat, really just a banal setup for the stylishly depraved set-pieces. the host of the aforementioned show, a silly little man who spouts drivel while prancing around the stage in dresses, was almost as painfully distracting as the attempts at artful editing. the dream-like ending felt tacked on. to the film's credit though, aya sugimoto was fairly convincing as the tortured lead. flower and snake has been compared with eyes wide shut but aside from some minor surface similarities, kubrick's is easily the more layered, artistic, and atmospheric picture.

perhaps not my genre but plot was horrible as was acting by nancy allen and linda farentino. c. thomas also seemed uncomfortable in role of being seduced here (while on marijuana? why did this need to be included? this weakened plot considerably). also farentino's charac. would have been better had she had more respect for a relationship. would does movie try to say? not much.

i'll give credit where credit is due, and say that linda fiorentino gives a good performance as a hard-drinking actress who does what she wants. she's brash, sassy, hard-edged, and very sexy; she is much better than this film deserves.but that is it. this dull suspense film is a fragmented mess, attempting at once to be a stalker thriller, a murder thriller, a tale of loyalty and betrayal, and a steamy erotic thriller. the film, my friends, isn't thrilling in the slightest.for instance, who thought of casting c. thomas howell as a desirable leading man? he is not ugly, but for crying out loud, it looks as though fiorentino's tough-cookie goddess is getting it on with a kindergarten teacher. howell has neither the authority or screen presence to fill the leading man role.the script is by far the worst aspect of the film. there is no tension as fiorentino's character gets eerie phone calls, there is no mystery concerning her guilt in the murders that are the focus of the film, there is no sense of liberation as fiorentino gets wimpy howell to lose his inhibitions.look for interesting but poorly-done cameos by adam ant and issac hayes, and one really, really good sex scene between howell and fiorentino. besides that, my first impulse would be to put this sorry piece of trash down and go rent something else.

well.......in contrast to other comments previously written i have to say that the only good thing about this film is the fact that one guy in it looked a bit like jason donavon which reminded me of my youth. i have no idea how it won any awards, and although i'm sure a great deal of effort went into making it it was all fruitless as the final outcome is one which screams of early 90's foreign soap operas. the plot was non-existent, the cinematography was hopeless and the acting was on par with an a-level performance. it was unfortunately long and the sub-plots were incredibly unrealistic....for example....if your best friend slept with your ex-boyfriend of 6 years after only 2 weeks of being broken up you would not all remain the best of friends. it was all fantasy. that's all! oh yeah, and the weird 90's house/soft core indie was mind numbing!

being a film studies graduate i would like to think that i have seen a diverse range of films, some good and some bad, but i would have to say that 'summer rain' is by far the worse film i have ever seen! i chose the film in the hope that it was going to be a great british classic such as 'secrets and lies' or 'lockstock' but oh no this was so bad that my flat mates and i ended up laughing and cringing at the ridiculous acting and cheesy script (reminded me of a bad 'theatre in education' school production). the main characters michelle and gary began to annoy us from the start. 'michelle' the main character who lives with her two friends has the type of face that you would never get tired of slapping and gary was so wet (he kept breaking down in tears every 5 minutes) that by the end of the film i really didn't give a damn about either of them. all i could think was ' i paid £3 for this pile'. i have never written a review before but after watching this film it has spurred me on to warn people of this disastrous production. so please avoid at all costs. thanks for reading.

it makes the actors in hollyoaks look like the royal shakespeare company. this movie is jaw dropping in how appalling it is. turning the dvd player off was not a sufficient course of action. i want to find the people responsible for this disaster and slap them around the face. i will never get that time back. never. how is it possible to create such a banal, boring and soulless film? i could not think of a course of action that would relieve the tedium. writing the required ten lines is incredibly difficult for such a disgraceful piece of cinema. what more can you say than reiterate how truly awful the acting is. please avoid.

this film has an interesting plot, but the acting is quite bad and the script is poor. i was very disappointed. the moral dilemma faced by the main character is an intriguing one, but due to poor writing and casting this potentially winning premise is plundered. 2 of the 4 other people in the theater left after about 45 minutes and the other 2 were laughing at how bad the film was. i stuck it out to the end, but i must admit i played blackjack on my cell phone to make the last 30 minutes bearable.

heavy-handed moralism. writers using characters as mouthpieces to speak for themselves. predictable, plodding plot points (say that five times fast). a child's imitation of britney spears. this film has all the earmarks of a lifetime special reject.i honestly believe that jesus nebot and julia montejo set out to create a thought-provoking, emotional film on a tough subject, exploring the idea that things are not always black and white, that one who is a criminal by definition is not necessarily a bad human being, and that there can be extenuating circumstances, especially when one puts the well-being of a child first. however, their earnestness ends up being channeled into preachy dialogue and trite situations planted to move the plot along. the decent production values and interesting use of documentary-style camera footage are not enough to accomplish their aim when the script and the acting fall flat.logic is often compromised for the sake of creating tension: soid first tries to blackmail pablo into participating in her documentary in exchange for helping them escape, then in the same breath basically tells him not to trust her because she's not helping them out of altruism. well, duh. and for a man on the run, pablo is far too swayed by a temper tantrum. cristina's well-being is so important to him that he's fleeing capture and jail or deportation for her, but he's willing to risk all that to appease her when she doesn't want to go to mexico. right. talk above over-permissive parenting. third, when pablo's employer charlie gives the phone to detective bright, she is remarkably unprofessional, especially given her seniority - did she really think she was persuasive? oh, yeah, i would have turned myself in. cch pounder's detective wims could wipe the floor with her.to be fair, i'd like to list the things i liked. um, i liked the midget. and i liked the fact that the midget was named sexy. there's cross-dressing, always a plus; juvenile cross-dressing, no less! harry is infinitely cuter than cristina. but my favorite moment in the film has to be when cristina kicks detective not-so-bright. i also find it interesting that, in a heavily minority cast (which i much appreciate, by the way), the black character is the racist one. too bad it's just thrown out there and not further explored.there's a distinctive, unconventional score, but it's nonetheless generally context-unspecific, not enhancing mood or tension in any scene, except the pathetic, anguished wailing every time the main character is in anguish, as though they think his acting doesn't show it enough: 'just in case you weren't sure, he's upset, and we have the musical cues to prove it.'stilted, clichéd dialogue results in a depressing lack of subtext; everything has to be spelled out in dialogue, even when the body language had been up 'til then conveying it just fine. for example, every impassioned speech pablo makes, and mrs. knight's lament that her child won't be crawling into bed with them in the morning.'papi, tell me about mama again' - what shameless, blatant exposition introducing the generic dead wife! (she's always the most beautiful woman the widower had ever seen, the kindest he had ever met. why can't we see a man cry over a woman like shakespeare's - she may be fat, ugly, obnoxious, but his love for her is deep as oceans? now _there's_ a story which would move me.)the police always being literally one step behind them gives many scenes the out-of-place feeling of a french farce. most boring foot chases ever - bright and lightning are so out-of-shape and easily-fooled (he certainly isn't quick as lightning, and she, well, i don't feel the need to spell things out). some guy dragging along a small child outrunning a bicycle cop, complete with macho biker picking a fight but then being felled by a child? to quote margaret cho, that's so sad. would we ever see this on 'cops '?hackneyed and over-the-top deus ex machina: as an employer, would you really waive checking his green card just because he can quote the author of the inspirational saying on a poster behind your desk?plus several scenes, including the above, threaten to devolve into porn: 'well, i'll do this favor for you, as long as you do something for me...' i can almost hear the bowm-chicka-bowm-bowm.when the parents view the footage shot of pablo's remorse, the grieving mom's freak-out is the most real the movie feels. unfortunately, this is diminished by the fact that she looks completely swayed by his emotional speech right up until she goes ballistic. a more ambivalent look would be more convincing here.i'm in constant awe of the stupidity of the main character doing things for the sake of plot: holding up a convenience store without a mask, visiting the dead girl's grave. and why doesn't the mother recognize his face from when she saw him before he drove off?! 'you seem awfully familiar...'what is the purpose of that wholly unnecessary, somewhat gratuitous scene with soid and the artificially-enhanced bartender? character development? tch. too little, too late.speaking of unnecessary traits that never went anywhere, detective lightning's saying skeptical detective bright must be a scorpio shows how little he really knows about the occult. and i don't think that believing in fate quite qualifies as voodoo mumbo jumbo.at the end, when bright holds pablo as he dies - wait, why does she care now? her character is as inconsistent as soid's. what, she has to shoot him just because she said 'stop, or i'll shoot'? (she's cared _so_much_ about her integrity thus far.) he was unarmed. there was no need for lethal force. what's wrong with shooting him in the leg to immobilize him?finally, cristina's childlike acceptance of her mother's death giving dr. knight peace over his daughter's death - so forced. and the contrivance of the family whose child was killed becoming cristina's new family... it angers me that she could be a 'replacement' for their little girl. it's also unrealistic that a white couple would take in the latino daughter of the man who killed their own daughter. i'm not saying there aren't generous, loving people who would do that. i'm just saying that the characters here are never developed far enough for me to believe that _they_ would do that.i find it offensive that another imdb reviewer said that of course as a woman she was moved by the sappy scenes. i am a woman who reserves my emotional movements for moments that don't wax sentimental in a manufactured manner.co-writer, co-director, co-star nebot said himself he wore too many hats during this production. too many cooks may spoil the broth, but one cook alone just might end up making an after-school special.in conclusion, this film's title has less to do with the story and more to do with the feeling of regret, helplessness, and loss accompanying the revelation that you will never see your money again.

don't get me wrong - i love david suchet as poirot. i love the series as well as the movies but enough already re: death on the nile. everyone has done this one! we know who dies. we know why they die. we know who the killer is. we know how it was done. so i say enough already! mr. suchet could have used that awesome talent in another one of agatha christie's novels. i will say that the acting by all the actors was superb. the sets were terrific and very realistic. i especially liked david soul but i was surprised at how 'awful' he looked. i hope he doesn't look that way in 'real' life! i honestly can't remember from other movies whether the very end was the same. somehow i don't think so. i thought that was a rather brilliant touch whether or not ms. christie wrote it that way. i would much rather have that ending then wasting away in prison!

got into this flick, just as it was beginning, on an afternoon where i was home with a touch of flu - otherwise i'd have missed it. that probably would have been best.i noticed the presence of lindsay crouse and jay thomas - both very good performers - and thought this might be worth a look. it proved to be to some extent, but only because it is one of those stories so awful it fascinates.zoe mclellan has little to recommend her talents, except for her jayne mansfield- or loni anderson-like bosom. unfortunately, her acting prowess - at least here - makes mansfield and anderson seem to be garbo or davis by comparison.the young nut case's white rat, the owner's cat, the young nut case having the owner evicted and restrained in her own home, and a bunch of doophus's (including the young nut case) running around a bio hazard facility, and the absurd conclusion. i kept waiting for at least some scene or plot element to contain at least a modicum of realism, believability or being capable of evoking some empathy/sympathy -- but this proved to be in vain.

there was a reasonably good looking girl starring the film(zoe mclellan) but even her looks couldn't stop me from voting it the lowest possible - one.the plot is bad and irrational.what more can i say. the movie sucks.

this lifetime style movie takes the middle aged divorcee victim who then finally fights back genre to new depths of cartoon-like absurdity.here the 40 something stay-at-home ex-wife of a successful lawyer protagonist (daughter away at college) is starting a new life after her divorce, helped by a female college friend in opening a new dress shop as a sort of franchise expansion deal. she has even started up a friendship with her attractive, slightly younger perhaps, landscape architect / gardener (who's black). but then horror of middle-aged women's horrors, another 20 something female she took on as a tenant to let a room to, starts 'taking over" her life.what this new younger woman threat really does is mildly flirt with the gardener, and offer him a glass of wine that * gasp * really belonged to the divorcee!! she runs up the utility bills by not turning down the thermostat!! and backed up the toilet! and leaves old food gone bad in the refrigerator! and hangs her pieces of (african) artwork in the living room!! and so on. well she may have killed the cat as well. yeah, ok, the extent to which this one does these things is bad enough, but its more than a little ridiculous, especially as it turns into a campaign. the character reality is that any tiny part of this would drive this particular prissy woman insane. (so why did she rent the room -- and to horror of horrors, a much younger woman?)supposedly this increasingly arrogant (natch) younger woman has a mania for seizing control. and our brave 40 something must learn to fight back against this evil (and erotically hot looking, of course) 20 something. but there's this problem. anytime the 20 something starts to maybe get into trouble she uses her power -- and just flirts or has sex with some guy, and escapes the consequences. (well, there actually is something to that capability of good looking 20 somethings. it just isn't * generally * used in quite this sort of way.)the premise is moved along by the device of the 20 something conning the divorcee into formalizing their room rental deal with a written lease produced by her. of course the 40 something doesn't know about these things, and the 20 something has had help. the lease actually gives the younger woman equal right to the whole house during the rental period, with utilities thrown in at the fixed price. even though an eviction proceeding is soon pending, the 20 something soon gets a temporary restraining order against the older woman, supposedly because she has been threatening the 20 something. you know, the judge is sympathetic to all the woe-is-me of the sexy sweet young thing. finally the 40 something's "heroic" battle back for the house then begins. woopie!!the only realistic or perceptive thing in this movie is how horrificly easy tro's (or orders of protection) are for women to get on nothing more than her unsubstantiated say so -- although they are generally only this easy against men. they are sometimes just as unjustified and just as motivated to seize control of a home as it is here. indeed, girlfriends who have moved in with their boyfriends can often get them evicted from their own homes or condos on the basis of no proof whatsoever, but only an unsubstantiated claim of threats, and sometimes without even hearing his side. even when there is a hearing, it is routinely impossible to rebut claims of threats (to prove a negative), when the burden of proof is effectively on the accused, rather than the accuser. (this is one of the only areas of american law where that is true -- and it's a signal outrage of feminist overreaching, and the failure of any organized group to resist the steamroller.) of course that's not likely to be the subject of any lifetime movie in this lifetime.the absurd basic premise of this movie relies upon the explanation that the 20 something is psychotic, and isn't taking her medicine. even so it makes no sense. she isn't after the successful lawyer ex-husband, though she does con his help (to the ex wife's fury) in her quest. she's after the house (technically, to drive the divorcee out of it during the period of the lease). this second younger woman is after all that's left after the divorce, after affairs with other 20 somethings stole her husband!! (the ex-husband seems unattached and basically solicitous after his fling -- doesn't matter, he still strayed!!!)the protagonist is good enough looking for her age. but her outlook, attitude and focus is so small minded, frumpy and utterly without imagination or life force that it's impossible to care about her. well, a core group of lifetime fans care, i guess, judging by the average score the small number of raters gave it. (i kept watching it only because it was so extremely bad and cartoonish that it had a camp appeal. i couldn't resist seeing just how far they'd take it.)** spoiler ** (if such a thing is possible with this flick).well, here's a clue. the movie ends with the 20 something getting bailed out of jail by promising to "listen to" her 20 something male co-worker and sometimes lover, and "do whatever he says" and "let him take care of her" (he means get her to keep taking her medicine) -- and then tricking him and returning to the house. there she climbs the stairs with a knife, demonicly stalking her nemesis 40 something, who is taking a bath by candlelight, secure in the thought that the younger woman is out of her life. there's a struggle -- and the 40 something mom wins -- by sticking the 20 something with a hypodermic needle full of anti-psychotic medicine she had found. she then begins stroking her, mom like, and the two women have a bonding, female solidarity moment!!! how sweet.

anyone who's watched a few lifetime movie network movies knows that plot credibility is the first thing that gets brushed off the planning table. so, when crazed lara moves into patti's home and methodically begins to drive her landlady bonkers, i didn't even blink. when lara eventually ramps up her activities to threatening poor patti, and dares her to do anything about it, i just nodded. you see, on planet lmn, people don't behave the way they do for any particular reason, they just do it to keep the action going. only on planet lmn could someone almost have the owner of a home thrown out of their own house by means of their seductive powers!! poor patti - she just trusted too much, and lara went off her medicine, and then there was this big fight at the top of the stairs involving a syringe full of deadly stuff that ends up injected into someone's tummy, and a body bag going out the front door. the horror!but take it from me, this planet lmn product is a classic. you need to watch it once, just for the great laughs you'll have. on the improbability scale, i give this film a 95/100. make a big batch of popcorn and get some apple slices, too. you'll understand later.

this is one of the worst action films i have ever seen. this is particularly due to much of the factual implausibility (like an obvious agent posing as a bank loan officer while making obvious that he is speaking to someone through a wire or the scene where the scientists assume it is safe to enter a room in which a virus has been released even though 'it has not found a viable host' does not mean that it will never find one), the cheap sets (the bank looks like it was poorly constructed to resemble a dungeon), and the bad acting. it is the story of an organized crime group that has successfully stolen a capsule of the lethal virus. however, the head honcho who decides to remove it from a bank security deposit box, does so at the same time a bank heist is going down, at the same fbi agents have been informed of this, and at the same time a terrible earthquake erupts. needless to say, the aftermath of the quake is messy in more ways than one. however, the results do not make for an enticing action film, but instead, one that has been obviously z-grade junk from the beginning of the film. (perhaps this is why some of the screen captures on the packaging look to be created with computer graphics rather than being actual screen captures from various sequences of the film). what the hell ron perlman was doing in this, i have no idea. i wonder if he was as embarrassed to be in it as i was to have watched it.

mr perlman gives a standout performance (as usual). sadly, he has to struggle with an underwritten script and some nonsensical set pieces.larsen is in "die hard" mode complete with singlet and bulging muscles, i'm sure he could do better but seems satisfied to grimace and snarl through his part.the lovely erika is very decorative (even though fully clothed!) and shows some signs of "getting" acting at last.sfx are mainly poor cgi and steals from other movies.the shootouts are pitiful - worthy of the a-teamnot even worth seeing for perlman - avoid

the only reason i saw "shakedown" was that it has erika eleniak in it. she's sexy as always, but she plays second fiddle to leading man wolf larson. it's a pity, because she has more action capabilities than she's allowed to show here. the film largely consists of endless shootouts that quickly become monotonous - especially when most of the time you are seeing the bad guys armed with machine guns constantly missing larson and him armed only with a revolver (that never runs out of bullets) taking them all out rather easily. the earthquake effects are decent, but there is also a lot of blurry motion and poor cgi explosions. as the psychotic "spiritual leader", ron perlman tries, but the pseudo-religious mumbo-jumbo he has to spout is simply boring. eleniak, perlman or larson (assuming he has any) completists might want to give this one a look, for others it is barely worth a rental. (*1/2)

in 1692 salem, a devious child's lies about a slave's involvement in witchcraft sends an entire community into an uproar. costume drama starring claudette colbert and fred macmurray isn't stuffy, though neither is it a vivid depiction of contagious hysteria. worked on by three writers (walter ferris, durward grimstead, and bradley king), the story elements are rather interesting (especially coming out of hollywood in 1937), though to anyone who has since read arthur miller's "the crucible", the hoked-up melodrama on display here won't be tolerated for very long. biggest problem with the picture may lie in the casting: colbert and macmurray are an ill-matched pair of lovers hindered by the witch-hunt, macmurray being far too contemporary a presence for these surroundings. *1/2 from ****

a not bad but also not so great heist film. kirk douglas is a recently released from prison safe-cracker who, after turning down an offer from the mob, decides to pull the job himself. he recruits circus gymnast giuliano gemma. mayhem ensues. douglas and gemma soon find themselves pursued by mafia goon romano puppo as well as entangled in a really goofy love triangle with douglas's infinitely patient girlfriend (florinda bolkan). director michele lupo keeps the pace moving quickly and there's at least one excellent and creative car chase sequence involving puppo & gemma. though an italian production, most of the filming appears to have been done in germany. douglas is fine, not just slumming it in an giallo quickie. the striking bolkan gives a terrific performance. the music is by ennio morricone and the cinematography is by the great tonino delli colli, who managed to work with everyone in italy (from wertmuller and fellini to pasolini and leone).

what the f*@# was this i just watched? steven stop!! please! this movie is insatiably bad and silly. in a bizarre departure from action and adventure, mr. seagal is now fighting (obviously) wish-they-were-vampire 'like' creatures with super human strength.? ok? oh, and their eyes blink sideways in an inhuman way? wow! even still in this movie however, to quell seagals have-to-have-the-last-punch-and-no-one-can-kick-my-a$$ ego, he is somehow stronger than they are. however all of the average humans are getting crushed all around him. come on, i can understand the big mouth neighborhood bully or drug dealer, but these are super human strength people. oh and get this, seagal goes through a brief sting of identity issues, because apparently he and his cohorts in the film think he is wolverine! oh my go... and worst than all of that! yes, there is a worse than that. he has a voice over even changing voice in mid sentence while we are looking at his face. they obviously sound nothing like him and i believe it may be one of the other actors in the film. it was pure madness. although i wanted to turn it off i always watch a movie to he end. this is an all time low even for your direct to video movies steven. awful! awful! awful! two thumbs down! redemeption qualities? well i guess so, i will be fair in that aspect. at least some of the special effects were ok, and i like the choice of wardrobe for the actors and actresses. the women all were quite attractive imo. still, and i said still, it does not make up for the blatant x-men, underworld, (insert your favorite zombie, vampire movie here) rip off! the director, writer, producer, all should be bansihed & exile from the movie business. i think i feel the way that most people feel about blood rayne (and just about all other uwe boll pictures) about this film. that's my whole $1.00 on this film. view if you dare.

i am truly beginning to believe that seagal is on a mission to see how crappy his films could become.this particular movie was a complete and utter waste of time to see.my first complaint was the cover of the dvd where they have doctored his pic and made him look slimmer and younger when in the film he looks like crap.he has his big pot belly and double chin going for him and the most miserable and bored look on his face.the whole plot was ridiculous to begin with and drawn out way too long.the whole film was leading up to the finale where seagal and his team had to take on a bunch of people under the influence of a top secret military chemical adrenaline enhancer.there was way too much useless dialogue and not to mention the ridiculous and constant dubbing of seagals voice even in the middle of a statement.the dubbed voice sounded like a man with a frog in his throat and was quite comical.the fight scenes in the film were horrible.half the time when seagal fought you could not even see what was going on.there would be tight shots of him flapping his arms at the camera and then the person flying through a wall or something.it was reminiscent of the old kung fu series on television.they used way too much slow motion for the fight scenes.i believe this is seagals worst film to date and i am glad i did not purchase this film or i would have been very upset since i am a huge fan of seagal the aikidoist.the action star is quickly fading away and seems to be getting worse with every performance.

i had the misfortune of wasting 10 quid buying ss new movie on dvd: attack force. now i usually can suspend my belief watching films like this. a pinch of salt and some beers on a dark evening on the sofa watching a noisy late evening shoot em up is perfect for a single alpha male like me. i bought this film thinking i'd see cool martial arts and shoot em up.did i hell. segal is old and bloated, the plot was ludicrous even by ss standards and to cap it all off segal's acting (such as it was to start with) is exceptionally dire. so dire in fact that half of his voice was dubbed over by a man who sounded nothing like him. either ss cant act no more (a moot point) of the crew were so dreadful at their jobs they couldn't record the sound properly. the voice would flick back and forth between mr whisper segal and the man who does voice overs for honda adverts!plot wise isn't the issue because most action films work along the same premise as this one, nothing new there. the usual mix of characters who will die horribly as cannon fodder and stereotyped bad guys waiting to get blown away.avoid this film like you would avoid walking in front of a speeding train or a dose of h5n1 avian flu.utter garbage.1/10this has been a public health warning.

i had a feeling that after "submerged", this one wouldn't be any better... i was right. he must be looking for champagne money, and not care about the final product... his voice gets repeatedly dubbed over by a stranger that sounds nothing like him; the editing is - well - just a grade above amateurish. it's nothing more than a b or c-grade movie with just enough money to hire a couple talented cameramen and an "ok" sound designer.like the previous poster said, the problems seem to appear in post-production (...voice dubbing, etc.) too bad, cause the plot's actually ok for a sg flick.i'll never rent another sg flick, unless he emails me asking for forgiveness.too bad - i miss kelly lebrock...--jimbo

i've seen a lot of seagal movies, and while most aren't great, or even good, this steamy pile lowered the bar for bad movies.the plot: not sure really. something about a drug that makes you all crazy and strong or something. who are the good guys and bad guys? hard to tell. most of the movie is cut scenes going back and forth between people in darkly lit rooms complaining about how good seagals character "mashall" is.acting: blows.voice dubbing ,,,,,, what was with the horrible voice overdubbing?! could they of found anyone who sounded any less like seagal? may as well had cheech or chong doing the voice overs, might of at least been entertaining then.this movie is boring, and completely stupid. avoid it at all costs!!!!

steven seagal....how could you be a part of such an awful film? i rented this movie because your movies usually have been pretty clean. i have lost a lot of respect for you being in an awful movie such as this one. very, very poor taste! i am embarrassed that i even rented this movie. steven, if you keep acting in movies like this one, i believe that your career is over. my husband and i have enjoyed watching many of your movies because you always can "get the bad guy" with a few hand maneuvers and make it clean...and also the language is pretty clean in your movies...but this one is something else. i will think twice before i rent another movie of yours.

i'm so confused. i've been a huge seagal fan for 25 years. i've seen all of his films, and many of those dozens of times. i can only describe this film as "bizarre." steven seagal shares screenplay writing and producing credits on this film, but i have a really tough time believing he would choose to dub over his own voice for so many of his lines, with a thin, whiny imposter's voice no less. what i also don't get is, if they had to dub some of his lines, why does his own voice appear on the rest of them? i expect seagal to age like the rest of us. but the seagal in this movie barely exudes a fraction of the same swagger, confidence, bravado, charm, and sex-appeal he so easily showed us in all of his previous movies. what i found myself missing most of all was his cocky, self-assured attitude and his bad-ass sneer that so easily shifts into that adorable grin. where is that in-your-face attitude and charm that made him such a huge star??? i hope that this film is not an indication of what seagal has left to offer us - if so, his lifelong fans will have to concede that the seagal we all knew and loved is gone.

i don't know what the rest of you guys watch steven seagal movies for, but i watch them because, as silly as they are, they're at least always good for a laugh. why would you rate this movie a 1 out of 10 based on the dubbing, when that kind of thing is exactly what makes a movie like this into a cult favorite that you can laugh at the silliness of?attack force is by no means a great movie, but i felt it was as worthy a steven seagal vehicle as many of his other movies; in fact i didn't think it was one of his worst by a long-shot. it had, most of the time, a half-way coherent plot line, and it was, most of the time, fundamentally exciting. the ending really sucked, but even that had some enjoyably trashy elements. in the end the story itself did not deliver what it promised, but i actually thought that the acting, characterization (if i may use such a big word) and the rest of the production values delivered exactly what a true steven seagal fan would expect. seagal himself in particular was exactly the stone-faced, no-nonsense man's man that we've come to expect, and the rest of the cast backed him up pretty well, without ever up-staging him. this, people, is what a steven seagal movie does. deal with it. or even better: laugh at it.4 out of 10.

what was steven seagal thinking? i mean firstly i love seagal. i love all his movies up to the mid 2000s. his early stuff is some of the best in the genre. this however does not live up to its excellent name. attack force (with protagonist marshall lawson {seagal}) would be expected to be a mindless action movie with seagal in typical one-liner ass kicking form. however, what we get is a crime mystery, bordering on a political thriller with little or no action. seagal is always in shadows because of his weight. i could not follow this story. there's people who mutate to superhumans when they take a drug. what happened in this movie. the dubbing of seagal is a disgrace, a shambles and a shame. why dub the man? the story is terrible. this got a 2/10 from me because of the scene where seagal asks for backup despite having an army with him, and an hilarious fight scene where seagal swings his hands like a girl facing the camera! "revenge is a two way street" seagal says in this movie...well forget revenge steven, you need redemption!

i think its time for seagal to go quietly into the night. what i have just seen makes all his direct to video releases in the last few years look like his early 90's smash hits in comparison.a secret bio lab is making a new kind of drug that jacks up a human's adrenaline system to the point where they become psychopathic killers or something. somehow seagal is supposed to stop the infection or its the end of the world...or something. seagal also went through hit squads like jellybeans, every time i look up he was commanding a new face so it kinda got hard to follow character development as well i know steven's athsma prevent him from yelling at the top of his lungs but even so why is he constantly being dubbed by people who sound nothing like him? usually the films plot and action sequences can save it from being a total waste of time but this was not even close. like i said, it was more of a horror movie with a lot of blood and shank stabbing rather than straight up fighting. the problem was it wasn't really scary and seagal looked completely out of place because the infected people were supposed to have speed of light movement yet the 40 year old 280 lb seagal killed them all singlehandedly? i guess the lone highlight of the movie was the first 20 minutes where the new recruits ask seagal to come to the strip club with them.2 out of 10

okay, first off, seagal's voice is dubbed over for like 50% of the film... why? because apparently there were rewriting the script and story as they were shooting and they need to change his dialogue for story continuity as they have multiple versions. from the very beginning, you just scratch your head because the overdubs are not only distracting, but they make no sense.that said, the story still sucked and doesn't make any sense at all. when i got the the end, i was just scratching my head cause the movie was so pointless and the ending didn't even make sense.avoid like the plague. this movie made me stop watching seagal straight to video movies cause they just get worse and worse.

well let me say that i have always been a steven seagal fan and his movies are usually great but this just don't measure up to the rest. this in my opinion is very stupid i did not like it all. the biggest reason i don't like it is because it is very flawed and to me does not make much sense. the acting is very bad even steven seagal does not do good acting, the rest of the actors i can see because they just do direct to video movies. it does not follow a straight storyline everything happens at once so that why it doesn't make much sense. ther is barely any action in it at all and in order to make an action movie good you usually need action in it. the special effects are very bad and you can tell are fake. so all in all this has to seagals worst movie of all so if you want to see a steven seagal movie don't rent this one just pretend it does not exist. so just avoid this movie.overall score: ** out of ********** * out of *****

i feel blessed to own what is known as the worst steven seagal movie ever made. i knew i was on to something special when steven opened his mouth and someone else's voice came out. by the middle of the film my eyes were beginning to hurt and i was almost falling out of my chair with uncontrollable laughter.steven is steven (with an ever changing voice) and totally unbelievable in his role (as always). who the hell lets people with bad nappy-hair pony tail mullets into the forces anyway? he also always writes himself into totally unbelievable love interests with women at least 20 years his junior. the supporting actors all look like they've been shot in the dark - btw, did they shoot this movie in the dark with just a penlight torch for lighting? this is truly abominable in every way possible. invite all your friends around and make a social event out of it - this one's truly special.

they constructed this one as a kind of fantasy man from snowy river meets butch cassidy and the sundance kid, and just for a romantic touch ned and joe get to play away with high class talent, the bored young wives of wealthy older men. ok, there are lots of myths about ned kelly, but there are also a lot of well documented facts, still leaving space for artistic creativity in producing a good historical dramaticisation. i mean, this is not the robin hood story, not the arthurian legends, not beowulf, not someone whose life is so shrouded in the mists of many many centuries past that any recreation of their life and times is 99% guesswork. it's only a couple of lifetimes ago. my own grandparents were already of school age when ned was hanged. so it's silly me for fancifully imagining this movie was a serious attempt to tell the kelly story. having recently read peter carey's excellent novel "the true history of the kelly gang" i had eagerly anticipated that this would be in similar vein. but no, the fact is that mick jagger's much derided 1970 kelly was probably far closer to reality, and a better movie overall, which isn't saying a whole lot for it.glad it only cost me two bucks to hire the dvd! i'll give it 3/10, and that's only because some of the nice shots of the australian bush make me feel generous.

ned kelly (ledger), the infamous australian outlaw and legend. sort of like robin hood, with a mix of billy the kid, australians love the legend of how he stood up against the english aristocratic oppression, and united the lower classes to change australia forever. the fact that the lower classes of the time were around 70% immigrant criminals seems to be casually skimmed around by this film. indeed, quite a few so called `facts' in this film are, on reflection, a tad dubious.i suppose the suspicions should have been aroused when, in the opening credits, it was claimed that this film is based upon the book, `our sunshine'. if ever a romanticized version of truth could be seen in a name for a book, there it was. this wasn't going to be a historical epic, but just an adaptation of one of many dubious legends of ned kelly, albeit a harsh and sporadically brutal version.unfortunately, ned kelly is nothing more than an overblown hallmark channel `real life historical drama' wannabe! the story plods along at an alarming rate (alarming because never has a film plodded so slowly!) the feeling of numbness after the two hours of pure drivel brought back memories of costner's awful wyatt earp all those years ago. simply put, nothing happens in the film, but it takes a long time getting to that nothing. this would possibly have been a tad more bearable if the performances were good (because the direction sure as heck wasn't). however, unless you are looking to play a game of spot the worst oirish accent, then you're gonna be disappointed. between that, the game of `who has the stupidest beard?', `spot the obvious backstabber!' (clue, they are all ginger for some reason), and `nature in australia.including lions', it is an experience similar to flicking through hallmark, the history channel, discovery channel, and neighbours whilst suffering a huge hangover. yup, nature pops up a lot, as to fill even more time (possibly an attempt to look arty), the film keeps showing pointless wildlife shots, and once all the native species are shown, here's a circus to allow for a camel and a lion (which is used during one fight to try to make us actually feel more sorry for the lion than the massacred people).this is a turgid, emotionless piece of historical fluff which should have gone straight to tv. there isn't even one good word i can say about this film. even the usually fantastic rush seems embarrassed to be here. when one of the characters comments that there is only 2 bullets left for him and his pal, i myself was wishing i had a gun to blow any memory of this film out of my head!

a mummy narrates vignettes about men, women, and the sex between them. huh? at the beginning, the mummy randomly asks the viewer, "imagine having sex with this girl. imagine having sex with this boy" about 37 times, while flashing pictures of half naked mod youths. later, said mods boys pelt mod girls with...vegetables? if you ignore (or fast forward) through the mummy's rambling, the shorts aren't bad in their own right. i found a few of them rather funny. my personal favorite is one where the sexually-confused man tries to convince a girl to have sex with him while his pet lizard sits on the bed. this is one, well, bizarre movie.

i recently saw the broadway revival of "blithe spirit" starring angela lansbury, rupert everett, christine ebersole, and jayne atkinson. it's a terrific production, and shows what good actors can do with a play that is less than perfect. angela lansbury is extremely funny as madame arcati.it was probably a mistake, then, to check out the film version of the play starring rex harrison. the movie does not have the energy or the laughs of a good stage production."blithe spirit" is probably one of those plays that works better with a live cast, in an audience full of people who have come to laugh. the actors can improvise, give touches and nuances to their performance and delivery of the lines, and involve the audience on a personal level that you can't get in a movie house, or with a dvd showing, where the audience is separated from the story by the "fourth wall." the story: charles condomine (rex harrison), a successful writer, lives with his wife ruth (constance cummings) in a house in the english countryside. seeking information for his next book, a book dealing with the supernatural, charles invites madame arcati (margaret rutherford, reprising her role from the original 1941 london production), a local spiritual medium, over to his house to conduct a séance. charles believes that spiritism is a sham, but hopes to pick up "the tricks of the trade." but then madame arcati brings back the ghost of elvira (kaye hammond), charles's first wife, who died of pneumonia seven years ago. elvira refuses to leave, and develops a spitting rivalry with ruth over charles (complicated by the fact that only charles can see or hear elvira).on stage, the actors can give performances that invite laughs in this situation. but on the screen, the actors in "blithe spirit" tear through the lines as if they don't know that anyone is listening to them. they mumble lines that were designed to get laughs on the stage. the performances by harrison, cummings, and even kaye hammond are flat and lifeless. only margaret rutherford seems to have retained her spark and humor as madame arcati.the oscar-winning visual effects in the film are unimpressive -- not just by today's standards, but by the standards of 1946! they consist mostly of kaye hammond walking around in fluorescent green outfits and makeup, being photographed in special lighting to make her look like a glowing ghost.the cinematographer deserves some credit for creative lighting. but compare the dull visual effects of "blithe spirit" to the truly groundbreaking effects in disney's "song of the south" -- which was eligible for awards the same year. in "south," humans and animated characters share the screen seamlessly for minutes at a time. compared to "south," the oscar that "blithe spirit" received for special effects was completely undeserved.at any rate, i can only encourage you to catch the broadway revival of this play with angela lansbury before it closes. as for the movie with rex harrison, skip it.

i saw this at the premiere in melbourneit is shallow, two-dimensional, unaffecting and, hard to believe given the subject matter, boring. the actors are passable, but they didn't have much to work with given the very plodding and unimpressive script. for those who might have worried that ned kelly would be over-intellectualised, you can take comfort in the fact that this telling of the story is utterly without any literary depth at all, told entirely on the surface and full of central casting standards. however, it doesn't work as a popcorn film either. its pacing is too off-kilter and its craft is too lacking to satisfy even on the level of a mundane actioner.i very much doubt gregor jordan could sit back and say to himself "this is the best i could have done with the material".ned kelly is a fascinating figure, and equally so is the national response to him. possibly folk genius, possibly class warrior, possibly psychopath and probably all these things, he has dominated australian true mythology for over 120 years. once again, his story has failed miserably on the big screen.such is life.

florence chadwick was actually the far more accomplished swimmer, of course. she swam the english channel both directions. she swam from catalina island to the california coast. marilyn bell's is a sweet story, but the usual glorification of us canadians in the face of a superior world. another sample of our inferiority complex. our political system works pretty well and the health system allows people not to die in hospital lobbies. that's pretty good. better than lebanon. what should we do about hockey though...? and curling. the notion of calling this a sport, of its inclusion in the olympics...! ah, but we digress...

i know i'm in the minority, but...uwe boll is about as talented as a frog. not even a toad; just a frog. he's reminiscent of about a hundred other no-talent hacks who churn out one useless crap-fest after another. this movie? is a crap-fest. slater's talent is only minimally utilized leading one to believe he's got other things (like his failed relationship) on his mind. reid performs as if she has either forgotten her acting lessons, been severely hit on the head and made to forget her acting lessons, or has one of the worst directors in the history of film. i'm voting on the third choice, myself, although the other two are always possible. uwe boll has never done a single thing from which i've derived even the slightest pleasure. frankly, i'm satisfied that he made this stinker. i was concerned with bloodrayne competing with "underworld: evolution" for ticket sales. now, i'm confident that len wiseman has nothing, and i mean nothing, to worry about.this rates a 1.0/10 rating for this messy, convoluted crap-fest, from...the fiend :.

it should come as no shock to you when i say that alone in the dark is a crappy movie. to put it bluntly, it's as if a dung monster defecated, ate the result, and then vomited. the final product would still outshine this movie.seemingly based on an ancient (!) atari video game, the movie has something or other to do with a portal to the bowels of the earth, the unleashing of demons, and ancient civilizations. something about there being two worlds, that of darkness and that of light. (guess which one's ours.) oh, and 10,000 years ago a really super-duper advanced civilization opened the portal, demons came over and had a blast, then wiped out the civilization. which is why we've never heard of them, conveniently enough.christian slater, perhaps pining for the days of heathers and pump up the volume, plays edward carnby, a paranormal researcher to whom something bad happened when he was 10 years old. he's hot on the trail of one of the artifacts of said advanced civilization. carnby used to be part of a secret institution called 713, which has been trying to figure out what happened to that long-ago civilization. but carnby believed he wasn't going to be able to find the answers he sought, so he left the group.but see, these beasties are out, and they get their prey in varying ways, such as gutting them, splitting them down the middle, implanting neurological control devices in them, or just turning them into killing zombies. yes, it's another zombie movie.that's about as distilled i can make the plot. it's pretty convoluted and incomprehensible. in similar movies, one might see the intrepid researcher/adventurer figure things out a step at a time, and when we the audience are mentally with the researcher, it's a lot of fun. but when the scenes shift from attack to attack with no perspective or context... not so much fun.the acting is dreadful, save for slater, who (although he almost seems embarrassed to be in the movie) showed he was capable of carrying the acting load. he had to; get this - tara reid is cast as a museum curator! honest to goodness, i thought i'd seen the casting of a lifetime when denise richards was cast as a nuclear physicist in tomorrow never dies. but reid here matches richards, crappy emoting for crappy emoting. hightlights include reid pronouncing "newfoundland" as "new fownd land," reid delivering most of her lines in a dazed, throaty monotone (kinda like she'd been on an all-night bender for the past week before filming), reid - a museum curator, mind you - spending a lot of the movie in a midriff-bearing top and hip-hugger jeans. oh yeah, she was as believable as jessica simpson giving stock quotes. oh, why must the pretty ones be so dumb? (note: i don't think tara reid's all that good looking. she looks like she's in perpetual need of food.) almost everyone else in the cast is completely forgettable, except perhaps for steven dorff, who played burke, one of the leaders of 713. dorff's character wasn't terribly well developed, but nothing in the movie was, from the sets to the characters to tara reid. but i digress.anyway, the perplexing and utterly preposterous storyline is tough enough to follow with the film moving at such a breakneck pace, but director uwe boll tosses in a pounding, mind-deadening soundtrack; it's so loud you can't hear what the actors are saying in some of the scenes! that can't be right. given the acting level, however, perhaps thanks are in order to mr. boll.oh, and a fun note. the opening moments of the movie include narration... of the words that are crawling across the screen at the same time. remember the first star wars? you heard that now-familiar star wars theme while the prologue crawled. there was surely no need for narration; why do i need some doofus to read what's on the screen for me? were the producers simply looking out for blind people? maybe that also explains why the soundtrack was so loud - they were also looking out for hard-of-hearing people. also, the narrator inexplicably had a lisp for the first few lines of the crawl - then lost it. bizarre.alone in the dark is a loud, dopey mishmash of dreadful acting, an incoherent script, and ham-handed directing. hardly a note rings true. there's so much chaos that the audience simply gives up caring about the characters and roots for their demise. even in the dark, the demonic creatures seem cooler and much more developed by comparison.ironically, since there were only three other people in the theater, i watched this alone in the dark. i wonder if uwe boll planned it that way? i can't quite give this the lowest rating, because i had low hopes for it to begin with - and because it never grabbed me enough for me to get worked up about it. it's atrocious, although slater redeems himself a tiny bit.

in 1967, mine workers find the remnants of an ancient vanished civilization named abkani that believe there are the worlds of light and darkness. when they opened the gate between these worlds ten thousand years ago, something evil slipped through before the gate was closed. twenty-two years ago, the government paranormal research agency bureau 713 was directed by professor lionel hudgens (matthew walker), who performed experiments with orphan children. on the present days, one of these children is the paranormal investigator edward carnby (christian slater), who has just gotten an abkani artifact in south america, and is chased by a man with abilities. when an old friend of foster house disappears in the middle of the night, he discloses that demons are coming back to earth. with the support of the anthropologist aline cedrac (tara reid) and the leader of the bureau 713, cmdr. richard burke (stephen dorff), and his squad, they battle against the evil creatures.in spite of having a charismatic good cast, leaded by christian slater, tara reid and stephen dorff, "alone in the dark" never works and is a complete mess, without development of characters or plot. the reason may be explained by the "brilliant" interview of director uwe boll in the extras of the dvd, where he says that "videogames are the bestsellers of the younger generations that are not driven by books anymore". further, his target audience would be people aged between twelve and twenty-five years old. sorry, but i find both assertions disrespectful with the younger generations. i have a daughter and a son, and i know many of their friends and they are not that type of stupid stereotype the director says. further, imdb provides excellent statistics to show that mr. uwe boll is absolutely wrong. my vote is three.title (brazil): "alone in the dark  o despertar do mal" ("alone in the dark  the awakening of the evil")

first off i'd like to say that if i had to honestly rate this movie from a 1 to a 10, then i'd give it a -4. it's not that i'm a tough critic, it's just that this movie is that bad. everything from the story, to the directing, to the editing is awful. the story is not even halfway decent to begin with (you can't expect much since it is based on a video game, something i was not aware of going into the movie) but the directing and editing made it even worse. the movie cuts at awkward points and goes to scenes that are completely unrelated to the previous ones; some, like a quick sex scene in the middle, don't even make sense being put into the story seeing as how the characters don't show any feelings toward each other. you could go into this movie expecting to see a pile of crap on the screen for an hour and a half and you'd still be disappointed. honestly, if you pay to watch this movie then you are wasting your money, and if you don't pay anything then you are still wasting an hour and a half of your life. so do yourself a favor and don't watch it.

i remember reading all the horrible, horrible reviews for this film when it came out. i meant to go see how horrible it was but it was out of theaters in three weeks. the only other movie to manage that is gigli. when the movie came out on dvd, i bought it to see how awful it was. i couldn't think of the sheer horrible attention that this film was getting was possible. after seeing it, i can understand. first off, let me say that this film is not without some cool shots. there's a nice shot at the beginning that shows a bullet being fired from inside the gun, which i thought was neat. and the way the monsters in this movie die is sort of cool to look at; but it gets old after the first time you see it. let me start with the worst thing in this movie: tara reid. if bad acting was a sin, then hell would've chucked tara reid right out since she's so unbelievably awful in this movie it's unthinkable. and of all the roles, she plays a curator. now if she played a dumb, empty- headed sex toy then maybe i might be able to forgive her for how she treats her character. apparently, uwe boll didn't realize that, although he did seem to think that if she took off her shirt in the movie, people would see it. he just didn't realize that making her do that in the middle of the film at the absolute wrong moment just made the movie even more hilariously bad. and is that a mexican song or something during the scene of dry humping? i couldn't tell. which brings me to my next complaint: uwe boll shows off some of the worst directing skills you'll ever see in a movie. i mean, i'd give house of the dead an f (and i only do that for very few movies) but hotd would score at least a b compared to this screwed up piece of junk. the movie starts off with a very, very long narration that causes immediate confusion (and read by a horrible narrator) and from there, the cuts are really, really dumb. there's this one point where slater and reid are looking around a building that's been destroyed and the screen blackens out. when it comes back, slater and reid are shooting everywhere and suddenly, an entire army has joined them. huh? and someone did not bother checking the mistakes in this movie. at one point, a team breaks through glass, but the glass breaks before they touch it. tara reid's earrings switch colors in the middle of one scene and after slater walks away from a dead comrade, you can see her begin to get up. as for the story... i was really lost. something about an old tribe releasing darkness and someone "opens the path" or something and all the evil monsters pop out. it's just an excuse to have a lot of gun scenes (the technology is so advanced here that no character ever needs to reload in this film) that get, quite simply, boring. i bought this movie hoping to laugh at how incredibly stupid it was. i didn't laugh, but i still think it's stupid. very, very, very stupid.

we should all congratulate uwe boll. he's done the unthinkable. he may be the only director to have two movies in the bottom 100 on imdb! he's like some kind of cinematic cockroach. no matter how little talent he has, and no matter how bad these movies are, he manages to keep making them. i know, he finances them all himself through some kind of bizarre german fund, but even so, his ability to keep making movies despite absolute, complete failure is one of the great mysteries of the universe.it wouldn't be so bad except that video game developers keep giving their best properties to this guy. i really enjoyed the alone in the dark series of games. even the latest one, the new nightmare, was good for a few hours of game play. there was a good movie to be made out of edward carnby's adventures, but this is not it. now uwe boll has gotten his hands on bloodrayne and hunter: the reckoning. what's next, silent hill? doom? i can only imagine the swath that this guy is going to cut through game-to-movie adaptations if he's not stopped. someone needs to take away his line of credit, or these video game publishers need to wise up and realize that when they make a bad movie out of a game that kills the franchise, no one is interested in that title any more.think about it, is house of the dead or alone in the dark a viable game title anymore? no way. a new house of the dead game comes out for x-box and nobody's gonna care. the title is dead, and all because of uwe boll. so if any of you out there work for a game publisher, or know a game publisher, or have access to a game publisher... please warn them. this movie itself is not even worth reviewing. i can't separate what i didn't like about this pile of dung from the rest of it. literally, everything about it sucks. the writing, the acting, the music, the cg effects, the editing. i thought that if i waited until it came out on dvd and then rented it with low expectations, i wouldn't be disappointed. boy, was i wrong. never underestimate uwe's ability to turn out a big, steaming pile of boll sh*t.

alone in the dark is one of my favorite role-playing-games of all time. i remember spending whole nights facing the pc screen, trying to escape that mansion and actually being startled at times when monsters came surprisingly charging in. now, mind you - i am weary of "computer-game-generated" movies. i don't remember a single success story in this new hollywood genre, although some are entertaining enough to be watchable. and yet, i am such a big fan of the game that i couldn't resist. my rationale was that if the movie had a plot that so much as resembled the game's, it would be ok. man, those were 90 minutes (which seemed like 300) of my life that i'll never get back. if i had that chance, i would have gladly spent them rearranging my sock drawer instead. this isn't even in the "so bad it's funny" category. you would think even christian slater had a bit more sense than joining this stink bomb. now, tara reid... i'm not complaining about her presence. however, if the purpose of putting this chick in a starring role is to have a sex scene, - which i totally understand and support (hey, i'm a guy!) - i've seen more of her body on press conferences.there is no plot to speak of. won't waste your time pitching it to you. the credibility of the story sinks below 'i did not have sex with ms. lewinski'. the acting is but a few notches above 'street fighter', which, by the way, being one of the worst movies i've seen, i would recommend over this one.kids, i recommend the video game. it has far better story, acting and much more thrills. as for the movie, here's a spoiler - it stinks! wait for the porno version.

there should be a rule that states quite clearly that movies like resident evil are supposed to be made in the spirit of the game, not in the spirit of blowing up everything possible. re was a survival horror game, and a damn effective one at that, yet paul ws anderson managed to make it like any other video game movie to come along. alone in the dark is essentially the same kind of a spirit as resident evil, so of course, there is the slight hope the director will manage to have some piece of a brain enough to make a horror movie and not an action movie. instead, alone in the dark just proves that there is no longer hope for video games becoming movies.the plot, despite the fact that it obviously isn't supposed to matter, is the largest of many problems with the movie. the movie starts with what can only be described as five minutes of scrolling text that may or may not be important, as after a minute passes, the audience stops caring and just sits through the rest hitting the object closest to them. then there's something about an orphanage, some artefacts, an ancient tribe, some bureaucracy and some demons, all of which get so jumbled together that the viewers really can't follow with what is going on. characters move in and out of the plot like candy, some having huge build-ups for meaningless deaths. basically, what i can understand is that some demons got released, and edward carnby (slater) has some link to them thanks to some operation given to children in his orphanage which has failed on him. he finds an artefact involving the demons and brings it to an ex-girlfriend anthropologist (reid), who of course he manages to have sex with right away for no good reason. then, out of nowhere, all hell breaks loose, and the pair end up with a military team led by some asshole commander (dorff), who apparently has a mutual hatred for carnby.it's all ridiculous, and the reason i don't really understand it isn't just because it's complicated and jumbled, but it leaves no room for anyone to really care. instead, i highly recommend that, if you must see this film, bring a tennis ball or something to occupy yourself when the plot manages to bore you into confusion.the action scenes in a movie with a plot as terrible as this should at least bring it up a little, right? too bad, this movie is like any other ruined crap ever made, with enough quick cuts to behead a coop of chickens. considering that this is based on a horror game, not an action game, it is especially annoying.the first action scene involving a man chasing cranby from a taxi is among the worst i have ever had to witness, and the rest isn't all that great either. the demons look somewhat cool, though the fact that they turn into powder when killed takes away all that effect. scenes involving lots of guns which should be cool to watch instead involve the muzzle fire as the only source of light and the camera zooming and panning faster than the head of a crack addict. it's all the kind of seizure inducing crap that keeps children in bed at night.the acting is what i like to call taking actors and making them do nothing. slater does nothing but sound important for the whole movie, though he does seem to have more talent than he is letting on. the same is true of dorff, who gets a thankless role despite actually having some talent (something that has happened to him a lot). reid is pretty much exactly what she should be, background sex appeal, as whenever she tries to act it is a disaster (as is the incredibly bad scientist look she has in the beginning).in all, this is the type of movie that worries me about future video game movies. if they keep ruining the spirit like this, it's only a matter of time before samus aran is killing middle-easterns with an ak-47 and tommy vercetti is fighting a squadron of aliens. unlike resident evil, however, this one doesn't deserve a second chance, as i don't think anything could possibly help me forget just how terrible this movie is. it's bland, uninteresting and unexciting. this is the movie equivalent of diarrhea; it's all thrown together, nothing really fits and, in the end, you're just glad it's over.total: 4%

alone in the dark is uwe boll's kick in the nuts to hollywood after house of the dead's punch in the face.if anything it proves just how much of a master manipulator boll is. after forcing artisan out of business over the flop that was house of the dead, one can only assume the normally credible lion's gate films only released aitd under contractual obligation after acquiring artisan's assets. because aitd is an even bigger example of complete lack of coherent film-making ability, plot exposition and just plain stealing poorly from other movies because it was supposed to look cool instead of because it fitted within the movie's framework.but then that's the point, isn't it. boll isn't trying to make a coherent film because he isn't trying to direct alone in the dark. he's just trying to manipulate hollywood.alone in the dark, like house of the dead, dungeon siege, far cry, bloodrayne and the other 3 or 4 projects that are "announced" or in "pre-production".these aren't movies to be directed, but investment portfolios. every single one of them rushed into production under the pretence that the tax law boll and his investors are exploiting may be closed within the next 2 to 3 years. the more bomb projects he can release within that time-frame, the more money he and his investors can gain. why bother making a good movie when a bad movie's making you a mint anyway? the result is movies like the awfulness of alone in the dark.alone in the dark, like all his other movies are just a cynical exploitation of hollywood's current trend for lazy film-making.and to those who support boll by calling him misunderstood or the next ed wood, congratulations, by making a cult figure out of the man, you're just making it easier for him to get investors but giving him notoriety.for more information, read here: http://www.cinemablend.com/feature.php?id=209 http://www.cinemablend.com/forum/showthread.php?s=&threadid=21699 as an aside, just don't ask me how he's getting his cast-lists together. unless the actors are in on the investment-scam somehow, that mystery has still to be uncovered.

i saw this film opening weekend in australia, anticipating with an excellent cast of ledger, edgerton, bloom, watts and rush that the definitive story of ned kelly would unfold before me. unfortunately, despite an outstanding performance by heath ledger in the lead role, the plot was paper thin....which doesn't inspire me to read "our sunshine". there were some other plus points, the support acting from edgerton in particular, assured direction from jordan (confirming his talent on show in buffalo soldiers as well), and production design that gave a real feel of harshness to the australian bush, much as the irish immigrants of the early 19th century must have seen it. but i can't help feeling that another opportunity has been missed to tell the real story of an australian folk hero (or was he?)....in what i suspect is a concession to hollywood and selling the picture in the us. oh well, at least jordan and the producers didn't agree to lose the beards just to please universal...guess i will just have to content myself with peter carey's excellent "secret history of the kelly gang". 4/10

the annoying mouse and lullaby really got to me and really had nothing to do with the story...it's something i would have done my 1st year in film school. very sad. additionally, the story just seemed to drag on for no apparent reason...there were too many things just thrown in there that had nothing to do with the story, which makes me feel that the creative team didn't really know what they were doing, or just that it should have been shorter...which would have been a blessing, not a crime. as i have just watched all of the episodes up to this point over the past week...i'd have to say that this was by far the worst, and i just wanted to warn others not to start with this one.

guy de maupassant was a novelist who wrote a novel about a man, a poor man, without any moral qualities. he only wanted to success in a society where all the people, the politic men, the businessmen, the journalists, the women are corrupt. the only king is money. the maupassant hero, charles forestier is going higher and higher in the society scale thanks to his seduction poser. he is in love with all the women who could help him in his action to climb the society stapes. at the end of the novel, he married himself with the biggest daily paper owner's daughter, in the greatest church of paris : "la madeleine". "le tout paris" is there. he has a fortune and more, he will become a member of parliament and later a minister. the "useless" women are out of his view, but he is always keeping in touch with the pretty and the usefull women. the picture "the private affairs of bel ami" is a story of morality. it is everything, but not a story in the maupassant idea. why had they put "bel ami" in its title ?

as the 2000's came to a close, king kong's adopted daughter went ahead and made a tearful announcement her show as coming to an end.while miss winfrey was tearing up, i was laughing and screaming like a wild indian from the old west.so what does oprah do? she takes famous people, and puts them on her show. what kind of famous people? people who've suffered (just like her, except these people have lost more than their virginity) they've suffered melted faces (true story), missing limbs (true story, see end of paragraph), and spousal abuse (too many to count). and somehow they come on the show and tell their story, as if we haven't heard it before tons and tons of times (bethany hamilton, i've heard your tale about losing an arm to a shark since day one, which was october 31st, 2003. don't tell me you have no hard feelings.) but the biggest thing probably on oprah was michael jackson's interview in 1993, after being accused of being a child molester. sadly, mr. jackson has since passed away. but that one particular show told about michael's personal life, something not many people knew about at the time.oprah's real influence comes from middle aged women and soccer moms. they seem to think she's like a personal jesus sometimes. but all i see in oprah is some big ghetto lady who made it big, and she's just showing off how rich she is.i'm glad her shows going to end soon. we need better television programs.

really. does any week go by that oprah doesn't remind us that she was abused as child?she makes herself the focus of every interview.oprah cannot resist commenting on the answer to every question she asks. she often interrupts guests before an answer is finished to interject her own aside or anecdote. directors are obviously instructed to focus on her closeup reaction rather than guest's faces because that's what counts - what oprah feels, what oprah says.oprah, oprah, oprah. it's always all about oprah.oprah says - feel sorry for me, i was so poor. feel the pain of my battle with my weight. feel my hurt when i'm turned away from a fancy store after they've already closed. feel good for buying my magazines and books. feel good for my success. feel good when you give to my charity to make me look good. feel good for making me rich beyond belief.my interpretation of her point of view: you viewers are all deeply flawed and you need my daily advice. i have all the answers for your life though i have nothing in common with you plebes. i have never been married nor do i want to be. i have never had to raise a family - but i know all about it. i have little respect for men or marriage. i clearly prefer people like me over others - witness "legends ball 2006". gayle is my best friend but we are not gay.as of 7/31/2006, the heading on her website actually reads : "oprah.com is your leading source for information about love, life, self, relationships, food, home, spirit and health." how presumptive and obnoxious is that ? in june 2006, she crashed two private wedding receptions in oklahoma to gather footage for her september 2006 shows. she keeps promising to quit tv but her yapfest drags on with no end in sight.contrary to what she thinks, oprah is neither a queen nor a goddess nor on a personal mission from god. she's just one very lucky, overweight, black woman who copied phil donahue's style and called it her own. she happened to be in the right place at the right time and knew exactly how to suck up to the right demographic. oprah is the p.t. barnum of this age and it amazes me that people cannot see through her facade. so ladies and gentlemen, boys and girls and you too oprah if you can fit that inflated ego through the door - this way now to the great egress ...

i watched this movie. to the end. and that was really not easy. it is so boring, bad played and in nearly every detail stolen from "blair witch project" that you can't believe the makers take this serious. even harder to believe, is how this "product" made it onto vhs and dvd.so, if want to see a horror-movie, just watch "scream", but if you want to laugh out loud and have a good time, watching some kids running through the woods screaming at each other and showing of their inability, watch dark area.

please! do not waste any money on this movie. it really is nothing more than a boring german blair witch ripoff made by some high school kids. i couldn't finish watching it, and usually i like watching all kinds of b-movies. how on earth could they find a distributor for it?!!! funny however: check out wikipedia for "dark area". the guy who wrote the entry must be completely out of his mind. maybe he got loads of money from the producers. money that should have been spend on actors, camera and editing. even that wouldn't have helped, since there is absolutely no interesting idea behind this film. unfortunately "dark area" has already gotten too much attention. please, director, producer and author of this movie, stop making movies like that...you are not doing yourself a favor. the world would be a better place without this film.

a friend of mine bought this (very cheaply) and decided to give it to me as a birthday present. i thought i'd never watch it 'cause i knew it was a joke and the cover of the dvd looked pathetic, but then my friends and i got really bored and watched it. from start till finish! i know quite an accomplishment but it really is a masterpiece. it's hard to describe. you should see it, it's a real lesson on what people are capable of when they believe they're creative and smart and really aren't. the "acting" is sous-terrain (you can actually see the "leading lady" laugh on some occasions, she's definitely the worst). the "story" is to stupid to be summed up and really everything in this film sucked. please, pay special attention to "the sheriff". the guy is an adult and therefor has absolutely no excuse to be involved in this. he's extremely bad as well. whatever it did have some hilarious moments. check it out, haha

not too keen on this really. the story is pretty horrid and unconvincing. i enjoyed the first 10 minutes, bill nunns good. after that it was pretty appalling. tim doesn't fit the role, he comes across as a smug self inflated ass & pruitt taylor vince is entirely unconvincing as a trumpet player. it's a idealist film and as a musician, feel slightly offended after watching it. there's no scenes of 1900 practising or playing with his fellow band mates, he's completely self indulgent. i find it hard to build any relationship with this kind of character, maybe i'm watching the wrong film. if you have no real passion for life or sense of what musics all about then happily indulge in the suspension of disbelief and watch this waffle.

the american humane association, which is the source of the familiar disclaimer "no animals were harmed..." (the registered trademark of the aha), began to monitor the use of animals in film production more than 60 years ago, after a blindfolded horse was forced to leap to its death from the top of a cliff for a shot in the film jesse james (1939). needless to say, the atrocious act kills the whole entertainment aspect of this film for me. i suppose one could say that at least the horse didn't die in vain, since it was the beginning of the public waking up to the callous and horrendous pain caused animals for the glory of movie making, but i can't help but feel that if the poor animal had a choice, this sure wouldn't have been the path he would have taken!

this had a great cast with big-name stars like tyrone power, henry fonda, randolph scott, nancy kelly, henry hull and brian donlevey and a bunch more lesser-but-known names with shorter roles. it also had technicolor, one of the few movies made with it in 1939.now the bad news.......regrettably, i can't say much positive for the story. it portrayed the james boys in a totally positive light....and hollywood has done that ever since. why these criminals are always shown to be the "good guys" is beyond me. this film glamorizes them and made their enemies - the railroad people - into vicious human beings. the latter was exaggerated so much it was preposterous. well, that's the film world for you: evil is good; good is bad.hey hollywood: here's a news flash - the james boys were criminals! really - look it up!

in a college dorm a guy is killed by somebody with a scythe. his girlfriend beth (dorie barton) discovers him and tries to commit suicide. she's institutionalized. a year later she's out, has a new boyfriend named hank (joseph lawrence) and is about to spend spring break with hank and four other mindless friends in a big, beautiful condo in florida. naturally the killer pops up (for no reason) and starts killing again.lousy slasher thriller--a textbook example of how not to do a low-budget horror movie. for starters, large portions of this film are endless filler of these six idiots videotaping themselves, having "fun" (more fun than the audience), getting drunk, acting stupid etc etc. also there is no nudity in here at all. i'm not saying a horror film needs nudity but anything to liven this up would have helped. none of the deaths are really shown (you hear them), are only a little bloody and there is no gore. there's one real gruesome one--but that's not till the end.with a few exceptions the acting sucks. dorie barton is dreadful as the main woman and tom jay jones is lousy as oz. chad allen pops up as brad and he's terrible. lawrence is actually very good--handsome and hunky and giving this crap his all. and jeff conaway pops up in a small role doing a pretty good job.logic lapses abound--after they realize a friend has been killed two of the girls casually talk about sex; baston's non reaction to seeing a friend getting killed is kind of funny and what happens to lawrence? his character disappears without a trace at the end! dull, stupid, no gore, no nudity--skip this one.

i know slashers are always supposed to be bad,but come on,what the hell is this?it's like a bunch of 10-year-olds saved their lunch money and started filming this by the end of their week.anyway,six young people all go to the same house to get killed off screen.we have the brainy one,the slut,the other slut,the black guy,the killer,stereotypes like that.after one gets eaten by a shaking boat,the others all get stalked by some guy who wears a mask the people at the poor box rejected.there's one pretty decent murder somewhere in the middle,but then it's back to even more boredom,and especially more false scares.seriously,we actually know it can't be the killer when a person gets attacked because the guy sure loves to take his sweet time for everything.after every character you expected to die dies,the standard ugly blonde chick and her soon-to-be-boyfriend eventually get captured by the killer(they get like,pushed down and then faint)and the killer reveals himself.i think the writers of this movie just took a blindfold and a pen and put it somewhere on the list of characters.the motive is just lame and don't even get me started on the damn secret.the killer then of course takes way too much time to explain everything(and then about ten minutes extra in which he slices up his own arm for some reason)and eventually gets overpowered by a guy with a gun.hey,no fair!really one of the most awful movies i've ever seen.i could enjoy myself more by watching a lindsay lohan-movie,i swear.i mean sure,most 80's slashers sucked as well but at least they threw in some t&a.this movie just has nothing going for it.

this is one of the worst horror movies i have ever seen... unfortunately, i am a horror movie buff and will rent any horror movie unless it's not made for t.v. when looking at the box it says it is rated r for gore and some language... where was the gore? was their one good death scene where you actually saw gore? i could have overlooked that if there had been some brief nudity or some good dialogue. there wasn't even one remotely witty or amusing line in this lame movie. sometimes horror movies are awesome because they are so stupid, but this was just sad.

do you guys wanna know a secret?. this movie sucks. well actually i don't know because if you allow yourself to be indulged by plagiarised versions of original movies, then perhaps you may find this movie astounding (this movie being a plagiarised copy of i know what you did last summer). the first 30 minutes of the movie is based on a typical story setting; a bunch of so-called cool teenagers relishing their vacation in florida and being themselves by behaving very much like the juveniles they are. the only insight we get at this point is the extent to which the director succeeded in illustrating a pretentious sense of adolescent decadence within the characters. the second half hour of the movie gains a little momentum and begins to illustrate a start to the no- where-near unprecedented killings. the third half hour of the movie will most definitely remain a mystery to me because i switched it off before i could further delude myself into thinking that the movie may still have something interesting and original left to show. as far as the story is concerned, it can easily be explained in a few lines. a bunch of teenagers go to florida on vacation. while they are busy partying, they slowly (and i mean slowly) begin to get killed because they know some sort of silly secret. the only thread to the killings is that all victims were matriculates of a common high school. one thing that did however amaze me about this movie, was how much betty (im not sure about her name..the blonde character) looks like reese witherspoon. another thing that amazed me about the movie was that it made me jump from my seat a few times. does that make it a work of art? absolutely not because my 12 year old niece made me drop a glass of orange juice because she "boo'ed" me when i was just about to go through the guest room door..whats the difference between the director and my 12 year old niece???? do you wanna know a secret??? i'm not sure about you guys, but i don't..

ok, a slasher movie. a very, very stupid slasher movie.we got your stereotypical teenagers in a house thing going. we got a fbi agent that's seen dirty harry one time too many. "so what's the secret....punks?" we got about 4 different little camera shots and scene that make no sense at all. "hey man, i'm fixing the sprinklers" ((that guy was my favorite part of the movie)) suddenly there's a preacher tied up on a couch watching home movies, he gets killed.they follow the killer into the middle of nowhere, with no cops. suddenly she's in a church, wearing a wedding dress. i swear this is the stupidest slasher movie i've ever seen.

**spoilers** redicules slasher film that makes no sense at all with a killer running around dressed in a black robe and wearing what looks like a pull-over peter lorre rubber mask. were told early in the movie, almost the very first scene, that young beth morgan was in rehab due to heavy drug use after her boyfriend was murdered in tennyson collage about a year ago.it's also brought out that fbi agent sacker's (jeff conaway), who's obsessed in catching the killer,daughter was also murdered in tennyson around the same time. by the time the movie "do you wanna know a secret" is over it's never explained just what those two killings back in connecticute has to do with the slaughter in florida of some half dozen collage students a year later? other that the killer, at least in the murder of beth's boyfriend, wore the same silly halloween outfit. at spring break in the sunshine state the six students spend their vacation at a beach house and before you know it they start getting knocked off one at a time. starting with computer geek brad clyton, chad allen, the killing even spill over into town with a number of people who have nothing to do with the targeted student including the police chief gavin, jack mcgee, getting sliced open. the masked killer saves beth for last in this weird ceremony at a deserted church, in what looks like the florida everglades. he then finally reveals who his is and what he intentions are which make as much sense as the movie does, none. trying to scare it's audience all the movie does is confuse and bewilder it with a number of not-too convincing slasher scenes. the most effective ones having the victim oz washington, tom jay jones, survive at least three attempts on his life and ending up, together with agent sacker, the hero in the film. oz also had a vicious cut on is foot from a large splinter of glass that almost cut it in half and crippled him but later he miraculously recovered, after getting arrested for a murder he didn't commit, in fact he had it out two more time with the killer with him not as much as having a slight limp in his walk! it also made no sense at all why oz and beth went on their own to tack down and catch the killer instead of calling the police, with a cellphone that oz had, instead? beth's boyfriend, who loses his head over her, in the movie hank ford, joseph lawrence, is also very unconvincing as well as the two girls at the beach house.they together with with beth oz end up being the killers victims and then somehow disappearing from sight! for a moment you didn't know if they were really killed at all or if it was some kind of hallucination on oz's or the local police part. until the off-the-wall final scene where they popped up in the church.we also get an insight on a previous relationship between tina and hank with her, drunk and acting obnoxious, trying to get it on with hank as beth walks in without hank and tina even noticing her. that seemed to have upset beth even more then her boyfriend being murdered at the beginning of the movie!

this mindless movie is a piece of crap and boring like the full house repetitions. for all the people who want to see a great, exciting and cool horror movie shouldn't even think about watching this bunch of mindless work. a f- in my opinion. i have one question, what were they thinking? let's make a list: 1) bad script 2) bad script 3) bad script 4) bad acting 5) bad directing and last but not least a bad script. i mean i am not like grumping about every movie, but i was disappointed when i watched it. this movie should be banned into a box, locked and sunk down into the sea. so please don't do something like this again, please, please, please!!!!

in a college dorm a guy is killed by somebody with a scythe. his girlfriend beth (dorie barton) discovers him and tries to commit suicide. she's institutionalized. a year later she's out, has a new boyfriend named hank (joseph lawrence) and is about to spend spring break with hank and four other mindless friends in a big, beautiful condo in florida. naturally the killer pops up (for no reason) and starts killing again.lousy slasher thriller--a textbook example of how not to do a low-budget horror movie. for starters, large portions of this film are endless filler of these six idiots videotaping themselves, having "fun" (more fun than the audience), getting drunk, acting stupid etc etc. also there is no nudity in here at all. i'm not saying a horror film needs nudity but anything to liven this up would have helped. none of the deaths are really shown (you hear them), are only a little bloody and there is no gore. there's one real gruesome one--but that's not till the end.with a few exceptions the acting sucks. dorie barton is dreadful as the main woman and tom jay jones is lousy as oz. chad allen pops up as brad and he's terrible. lawrence is actually very good--handsome and hunky and giving this crap his all. and jeff conaway pops up in a small role doing a pretty good job.logic lapses abound--after they realize a friend has been killed two of the girls casually talk about sex; baston's non reaction to seeing a friend getting killed is kind of funny and what happens to lawrence? his character disappears without a trace at the end! dull, stupid, no gore, no nudity--skip this one.rated r for graphic violence and some profanity.

good deaths. good mask. cool axe. good looking girls....but watch out!!! no plot and little scares completely lower it's standards. they tried to make an "i know what you did last summer", but ended up making a "scream". but hey, what do people expect from a horror movie? answers totally vary. rent it if you want, but i regret ever seeing it.

the secret is...this movie blows. sorry, but it just did. ****spoiler****in this bad riff on i know what you did last summer and scream, beth, played admirably by dorie barton, joins several friends on a spring break trip. the group rents a fancy house and tries to enjoy a fun vacation. then, the deaths begin. first one then another then another of the friends is murdered, leading to a sad and trite climax with predictable results. one note, dorie barton is the poor man's reese witherspoonshe looks like reese, acts like reese and could pass for reese in a police lineup. maybe that's how they cast her? anyhoo, decent cinematography and fair acting could not quite make up for bad dialog and terrible writing.

i normally have no problem walking away from a bad movie, however this was an unique case. this movie was so bad that i actually sat through the whole thing almost praying it would have one minute of good movie time to justify the hour and a half that was wasted. needless to say i was brutally disappointed. set at a beach house where a group of college friends are celebrating vacation, this movie suffers from numerous problems making it not worth seeing. first, there are gaping plot holes. second, very few of the c-list (i don't even dare call them b) actors can act worth a damn, so any scenes that have potential fail miserably. third, the rate of the film is very choppy and awkward to watch most of the time making suspense building very difficult, leading to very few surprises for the audience. fourth and most importantly, the ending is completely anti-climatic partially because of how it ends (setting/who the killer turns out to be) and partially because the dialog is just atrocious. to the films credit, it is the only movie that i will ever say is the worst movie i have ever scene, and i've seen a lot.so, just like a bad joke you would have been all the happier never hearing, the next time someone asks you if you want to know a secret you will be yelling no, you really don't as you run in the opposite direction.

okay, during this past thanksgiving break, whilst having the whole family together everybody decided to go see a movie, and since fred clause was voted majority, thats what we went and say. to start off the movie had so many plot holes it was pathetic. simple explanations of why a certain event was happening was void. example; who the heck is trying to 'shut down' santa clause? is it some sort of corporation? a little explanation would of been lovely. second: the movie tossed you flimsy characters that evoked no sympathy from you about their feelings or actions. example: the little elf named willie and the only tall girl in the elf village. they see each other twice and then they are a couple and i could of cared less because this movie didn't make me care. third: i suppose this was suppose to be a family film? its rating was low at just pg. for a family film there were several articles of suggestive conversation. it didn't bother me, but if i were a parent i could see a problem. through the whole movie paul giamatti looked extremely bored with his role, but honestly he was the only one worth watching in the movie. vaughn had a few funny moments but played the same character he has for the last two movies. mouthy frat boy. (nothing against vaughn, he's been good in other movies)so this movie gets a 3 out of 10 stars from me, just because somebody had to put in the effort to produce, film and release this flick. in my opinion i would definitely pass on this flick, or if you have to see it save it for a rainy day rental.

how hard is it to write a watchable film with vince vaughn, paul giamatti and kevin spacey? apparently very difficult for the writers here.i still have no idea how santa is younger and looks 20 years older than vince (who plays the big brother). i must have missed that part of the story but in reality, it really didn't matter. many scenes seemed out of place and contrived; the kind of "funny notion" scenes that are drug out way too far to where any sense of comedy is lost.the director/producer tried to go "tear jerker" at the end, which would have been suitable if anything leading up that point had been worth following.ugh, major disappointment. i can see how some people might enjoy this ok, since many people will take any garbage they're fed, but i would strongly encourage waiting for dvd on this one. not worth the $23,978 it takes to get your family to the movies these days.

every christmas eve i make my kids endure yet another showing of it's a wonderful life. i also thoroughly enjoyed bad santa. so sue me. i admit it. i like cheesy, schmaltzy movies. i like excellent, intelligent ones too, but as with so many things, variety is a good thing. what would the christmas season be without the annual cinematic ka-ching ka-ching of santa in all his guises, from edmund gwenn to billy bob thornton? fred claus will make no one forget bedford falls, but i do not believe a christmas film should have to reach iconic stature to succeed. "fred" is a perfectly ok holiday movie, with enough humor for the adults and sufficient charm for the kids. my wife and i laughed a lot, even if most of the humor was obvious and vince was just being vince. paul giamatti was a top-notch santa, which helped a lot. not a great flick, and unlikely to become must-viewing for anyone's annual christmas traditions. but my wife and daughter and i enjoyed it for what it was, holiday schmaltz with a small dash of spice. there's nothing wrong with that.

painfully bad christmas film that has an equally painfully bad performance by vince vaughn, who is paying his usual frat boy self but this time for a children's movie but with out the wit or charm that is in his r rated films. vaughn seems like he's on autopilot though most of the film and he keeps running into walls with his lackluster performance. after 30 minutes into the film, you would be in touch your inner scourge and say "bahumbag" at how unfunny this film is and after another 30 minutes, you will want to walk out over how unbearable the film has gotten during that point. out of all the actors involved in this mess, only paul giamatti and rachel weisz brings some life to there perspective paper thin roles and that's manly because they are both way too good of actors to be in this film. paul giamatti brings some depth and warmth to the character of saint nick himself but he's forced to vaughn's level of juvenile behavior when they are doing their sad sibling infighting. you can see in giamatti face that he's not having fun with his role and it painfully shows in certain parts of the film. rachel weisz brings a sense of fun and spirit to her role but she really does not have much of a character to work with and you can see in her face that she's well aware of that, so much so that she seems irritated in certain parts of the film. fortunately for her, she's not in the film much at all and is able to save some face, unlike giamatti, who looks like he's about to fire his agent by the end of the movie. the direction also feels uninspiring, like there is no feeling or flow to be had and this is a supposed to be a holiday movie but it ends up feeling like you are just staring at a fancy widow display that is being torn down.i don't know what went wrong here but with only two actors involved (giamatti and weisz) trying their best to at least bring something to the table with a unfunny script they had to work with, spotty direction with no feeling for the subject at hand ( and this is a christmas movie of all things) and a actor who just does not care about his performance (vaughn), you have a very unevenly bad film that is very painful to watch.

i just saw this film tonight and i have to say that it's a mess. i love vince vaughn but he ends up more annoying that funny here and the film is more than less a remake of the crappy 80's classic " santa claus the movie" but with out the camp or the bad sheena easton song at the end. .the story is your run of the mill black sheep in the family who comes back to face his family for the holidays kind of thing but with north pole as its setting. of course fred (vince vaughn) is the family screw up who comes home after a series of set backs that include his girlfriend (rachel weisz in a cameo role) dumping him, so he comes home to face his parents and his more successful brother santa claus (paul giamatti) and wacky high jinks follow with a bit of sibling rivalry and a bit of anarky as well that threatens all of christmas. now if you think you know the ending of this film, i think you would be right because it's predicable to the hill. as for the acting, vince vaughn plays the same lovable loser he always plays but this time he ends up more annoying than likable, miranda richardson plays mrs. claus but the role is more than less one note, elizabeth banks plays santa's assistant but she's not much of a character at all other than a neurotic joke and poor kevin spacey ends up basically playing the same person he plays in the film "glengarry glen ross" but a little more anal. the only two actors who come out of this film with their dignity intact is paul giamatti, who brings a real sincerity and warmed to his role as santa claus but he looks somewhat embarrass to be in the movie and you can't blame him and rachel weisz, who manages to do a lot more with a very small role than most of the main actors do with theirs, which is a shame because both rachel weisz and paul giamatti deserved a lot better than what this script gave them.to put it in a nutshell, a major disappointment.

alien hunter: 5 out of 10: is it me or does every movie that starts in roswell, new mexico suck. take alien mixed with the thing, mixed with contact, mixed with of all things on the beach, the andromeda strain, the classroom scene from raiders of the lost ark and a throw in a little stargate to boot. derivative doesn't even begin to describe this movie. of course with nothing original plot wise they amp up the gore and sex right? nope gore is a blink and you miss it affair and sex is all tease. (james spader causally mentions he needs a shower and the delectable leslie stefanson asks to join him. he turns her down. aggh!) in fact if a movie ever needed a shower scene to liven things up this is it. i mean if your going to have impossibly good-looking women in white bathing suits wandering around an antarctica research base why not go for broke.with about 30 seconds of actual thrill in the entire movie alien hunter is remarkable serious and slow going for a sci-fi adventure. needed a much better plot twist to liven it up and by the way the alien itself is a horribly clichéd artifice and has virtually no screen time for someone who shares half the title. i also inquired during viewing what is with the children of the corn in space motif. (note that since jason of friday the 13th fame, pinhead from hellraiser and that leprechaun have all traveled to space to slay nubile teenagers why not the cornfield?) the characters in the cornfield dress like logan's run extras and i was just waiting for the stalks to come alive and attack them.that however would have been exciting and apparently against this movies covenant. the acting is mostly fine as spader reprises his stargate role while stefanson and janine eser model the latest in antarctic beachwear. john lynch however read the whole script and acts the like the insane bad guy well before the story would indicate it.alien hunter is a disappointing derivative slog that makes me pine for a proper children of the corn in space movie.

i am oh soooo glad i have not spent money to go to the cinema on it :-). it is nothing more than compilation of elements of few other classic titles like the thing, final fantasy, the abyss etc. framed in rather dull and meaningless scenario. i really can not figure out what was the purpose of creating this movie - it has absolutely nothing new to offer in its storyline which additionally is also senseless. moreover there is nothing to watch - the fx'es look like there were taken from a second hand store, you generally saw all of them in other movies. but it is definitely a good lullaby.

this movie couldn't decide what it wanted to be. there were a couple of sub-plots that for awhile made you think these items would all come together in the end... but they didn't. if you want a "alien in the frozen waste" story, stick with the 1950's version of the thing (not the abomination that was remade in gore-o-vision 20+ years later).i couldn't get over the fact that the "alien" looked pretty much recycled from independence day. the "bare minimum" sets would have been more effective if they had hired actors who could actually act and carry off the intended mood.lots of scenery chewing with little payoff.

snuggle down in your favourite chair and switch on the play-station, as you toss this into the waste disposal unit. spend a useful 90 min. living your favourite game. disjointed - poorly filmed - non directed junk. it takes a bits from several other "science fiction" movies and badly attempts to join the parts into a pathetically weak story. there's nothing new here, the filmmakers do not seem to realise that providing simple entertainment would achieve a monetary game, but a touch of skill ingenuity and flair is required to turn it into a good film. any money spent watching this is a waste, and personally i would like my 90 min of life back.

is it a remake og the thing (1982/1951), i think it is, there are so many factors from det previous movies do deny it.so the acting is bad, james spader does a superlow stargate re-enactment of himself, with his coffy mug and his somwhat strange thinking/movements but that's about it, the other actors i did't even notise. you don't get the feeling of getting to know anyone of the main characters. and the plot evolvement is slow, boring and, yah i know what is about to happend in 30mins. score/music is ultraboring, imean there are alot of ubertallented people out there that would make scores for a coke and a credit, but this is major crap. some of the special effects are nice, if it was made in early 90's. if you like slimy aliens, chills and thrills, don't whatch this movie. its a dull combination of the thing, alien 3, outbreak and some jerry bruckheimer/michael bay production gone really really bad. now this combination would be cool if somone knew what they where doing, and the only ones on this production that knew that was, no one.though i have seen far worse, i would not recomend this movie to anyone, but if you are up one cold night, and just wanna glanse at something, it will pass the time, slowly.

begins better than it ends. funny that the russian submarine crew outperforms all other actors. it's like those scenes where documentary shots...--- spoiler part ---- the message dechifered was contrary to the whole story. it just does not mesh.

an unoriginal, overly predictable and only mildly entertaining low budget rehash of a sci-fi formula that we've all seen a hundred times before - a group of scientists in isolation confronting some unknown alien something, and in of all places (surprise, surprise) antarctica!the film features james spader and an almost nameless supporting cast (with the exception of carl lewis, who's actually not that bad for a non-actor) - who deliver ho-hum performances that do little to invigorate the script's unimaginative dialogue. to make things worse the film's pace is slow, there's almost no subplot, and the few action sequences are stereotypical and not that exciting. its little wonder that this thing went straight to dvd. what is a wonder is why spader - an excellent actor at times, who won the cannes best actor award for `sex, lies and videotape', and did a splendid job in the innovative sci-fi flick `stargate' - chose to sign onto this lackluster project. or maybe not, if you look at his career, for it seems he has invested his talents in more misses than hits.the most remarkable thing about `alien hunter' is how they managed to cram in so many elements from so many great sci-fi films, and still have the thing turn out so listless and contrived. there are huge borrowed bits from `the thing' (both howard hawks' original and john carpenter's excellent 1982 remake), `contact' and `outbreak'; a few hints of `alien', ce3k', `the andromeda strain', `kubrick's `2001' (i.e. the `alien black box') and `mission to mars' (i.e. the mystery message); and even a little dash of `sneakers' and `a remarkable mind' (although not sci-fi films, they share a `cryptology' connection). hell, there's even cornfields and antarctica, just like the recent `x files movie'. and the luminous translucent spaceship at the end looks exactly like something that was plucked from an outtake from `the abyss'.its all been done before and done a whole lot better, although i will admit there were a few mild surprises towards the end. i could say a little bit more about the plot, but there's absolutely no need. you already know over half this movie without ever seeing it. (5 out of 10)

very bad acting, and a very shallow story. not even a decent b-movieevents that were suposed to be shocking like humans geting on board an alien ship were boring and very lame.this is one of the worst sci-fi i've ever seen. i saw the 5.0 stars and decided to watch it since i like the genre, but it sucked so bad.now there's really very few good movies on alien subject, i think because most of them are low budgeti give it 3/10

with one of my very favorite actors, james spader, i expected this film to be at least tolerable. it wasn't. after the first half hour i watched the rest of it with the remote control in my hand so the fast forward was at the ready. so trite, so standard, one knows what's going to happen in each scene. one can even predict the dialogue word for word. this is one of those movies that makes one scratch ones head and say, "how did this movie ever get made?" in an effort to say something positive, i'll add that there are some mildly entertaining special effects. but, on the whole, if you've seen 5 sci/fi movies, or you are over 9 years old, do yourself a favor and skip this one.

recap: something mysteriously dense that transmits radio signals is discovered in the ice of antarctica. the mysterious block is dug out and brought to a research station on antarctica. julian rome, a former seti-worker, is brought in to decipher the message. problem is that one of the researchers is a old girlfriend of his, and the situation quickly turns awkward, especially since the other female researchers practically throw themselves at him. and the block of ice with the thing inside is melting unnaturally quickly. soon the object is in the open. the mystery continues though as the object generates a huge amount of electricity. it is decided to open the object, but just before that is done, julian decodes the signal. "do not open". but too late, and the object explodes as it is finally breached, and two things unleashed on earth. the first is an alien, that had been dormant in the object, and the other is a virus that instantly kills the research staff. and washington, that is suspiciously updated on this historic event, decides that those things can not be unleashed upon the earth. so a russian nuclear submarine, carrying nuclear weapons is sent to antarctica.comments: the movie holds a few surprises. one is carl lewis who surprisingly puts in a good acting performance, and the other is that the special effects that are beautiful, well worked through and a lot better than expected. unfortunately the story holds a lot of surprises of its own, and this time not in a good way. actually it is so full of plot holes that sometimes the movies seem to consist of almost randomly connected scenes. it is never really explained why washington know so much, why washington is able to command russian submarines, why the object is in the antarctic and has woken up now. it is really puzzling that the alien pod is transmitting in understandable english. some might want to explain this with that the alien had been to earth before and knew the language (and obviously chose english, why?). but then it is very confusing why the nice aliens that apparently want to save the earth from the virus, send their "do not open" message encoded! and finally the end is as open as an end can be.the movie is a little entertaining but too much energy (from me) must be diverted to fill in the voids in the plot. therefore the total impression of the movie is not too good.3/10

"hey everybody! i've got an idea, we found this egg-shaped thingie from outer space so why don't we thaw it out and open it up?" "yes, i know that would be the dumbest thing a scientist could do, and it could be filled with contaminating bacteria or viruses unknown to earth and could potentially wipe out the human race, but hey, i want to know what's in it". "and nobody tell nasa, they might take it away from us". "wow this thingie gives off vibes!" "yes,really strong ones on contact so don't touch it but it's okay to cut it open". "hi there handsome, check out my nips". (later that day); "do not open"!!!!! uh oh, we have to run all the way to the lab and tell them not to open it because we don't have phones or radios or intercoms even though we have a gazillion dollars worth of other equipment here. "i've never seen such organic technology!" "yeah, lemme take this stick and stab it.". "i'm getting out of here, i don't care if i do kill the other 6 billion people on earth, nobody's nukkin' me!" "look! it's the friendly aliens from "the abyss"! they want us to come with them". the end

the acting, other reviews notwithstanding, was remarkably well-done. brad pitt handles the role of an annoying, obnoxious austrian climber quite well. other acting is fine. the story could have been riveting, but somehow, it misses - one never really understands or cares for the characters shown, and so the story, which could have been quite dramatic, fails to draw in this audience.beautiful scenery and cinematography, a remarkably dramatic true story, important events that shaped the world that we live in - but i could not, try as i might, involve myself in this story. as an unabashed brad pitt fan (i consider him one of the top 5 actors of his generation), i expected to *love* this flick - and yet, it left me cold.it could be a failing within myself, but i tend to point toward the creative end of this movie - direction, scriptwriting, production, editing - somehow, they lost me. it's a shame, because it could have been wonderful.good acting, dramatic story, beautifully shot - it should have been magnificent. it wasn't. probably worth watching, just to make your own mind up on it - but don't expect too much, and perhaps you won't be as disappointed as i was. mostly, it bored me.

ok, here it is: "nazi mountaineer befriends the dalai lama." what we do is, first we get a major star with no idea whatsoever how to do a germanic accent, and we let him flounder around between french, german, american, and british for over 2 hours. then we concoct a series of wildly improbable events and space them apart very widely, so that the plot inches along almost imperceptibly. but just to make sure the viewer doesn´t fall asleep, we throw in details which are shockingly absurd, such as our hero smoking a cigarette at an altitude of 22,000 feet. naturally, we must also remember that our target audience does not want to read too many subtitles, so we have every character, even the lowliest peasant in the forbidden closed-off city of lhasa in 1943, speak perfect english, also with dubious accents. of course, the trickiest part is how to handle the spiritual and political aspects of the story, so what we do is this: we have the dalai lama befriend the now-reformed nazi because the latter is so good at fiddling with film projectors, radios, antique cars, and any other devices with represent the freedom of the capitalist west. in return, our hero learns from his young protegé a kind of vague, undefined buddhism which is never really brought out or treated in a serious fashion. we also have lots of scenes with the hero flaunting all the marks of respects and protocol which the rest of the tibetan society accords the dalai lama, even as we pretend that the hero has deep and profound reverence for these people and their spiritual leader. in other words, we just expect the audience to believe that this guy is now a buddhist, sort of, in his own way, even though we ourselves don´t seem to know what his transformation entails or how far we want it to go. and last but not least, we hang a statistic onto the end of the film about how appallingly the chinese have treated the tibetans (which is certainly true), thus opening ourselves up to charges that we have made a "political" movie, even though it is nothing of the sort. so, zat ist my idea. vat do you zink? can ve make zis movie?

i read the book "7 years in tibet" from heinrich harrer and was fascinated of it. then i immediately grabbed the dvd and started to watch the movie. i remember the first time i saw it back in 98, i kinda liked it. well, now i watched it again in full knowledge of the book it is based on. and soon i realized how wrong it all was told:when they enter lhasa the people start to stick their tongues out of their mouths and thewlis and pitt have the impression that its the way to say hello in tibet, so they greet back... in the book harrer explains, that sticking the tongue out is a sign of absolute humbleness and loyalty in tibet and they may do it in front of the dalai lama but certainly not for these two europeans! not only the mother but even the dalai lama himself was wearing glasses in the public. in the book harrer mentions, that no one in tibet wore glasses to that time(sorry forgot the reason, but its explained in the book too).the young dalai lama did, but only when he was alone and nobody could see him! and what about that mao tse tung lookalike, destroying the mandala in front of the young "living buddha"?? childish... and the tailor made harrer and aufschnaiter tibetan clothes not european designer suits! why are so many events that really happened eliminated from the story, just to fill the time with a fictional love interest (the female tailor...)that is completely unimportant? just like the whole story about harrers son, rolf. not one word is mentioned about him or even any family member of harrer in the book. but that was ok for me because "7 years in tibet" is not a book about harrers person. its about tibet. i'm very disappointed by this "adaption" of the famous book. and i bet heinrich harrer was, too... 3 stars, just for the cinematography.

i've read all the comments on this film. i am a great admirerof the dalai lama. as such, i read the book upon which thisfilm was based. the movie is an ugly and demeaning fictionalization of the truth. i do not criticize it foraltering small details or events for dramatic purposes; it isnot a documentary. but the script changes the impact, reaction,realities, and changes in every main character. it vastly altersthe real relationship between harrar and the young dalai lama. from the ridiculous rivalry for a tibetan woman (which demeansthe culture of tibet) to harra's music box gift, to harrar'schange of heart, everything about this movie is false - exceptfor the amazing photography. i understand that the shots of thepotala (the palace) were smuggled out of tibet. however,changing a real story about the relationship between two people,one of them very important to this world, in order to build up amovie star is sad

i can't believe it, imdb really does have every tv show known to man! i have not seen this show in over 20 years. i only remember two episodes, and i barely remember those. i remember that tony may not been on from the start, because one of the episodes i remember is the one in which everybody trying to get tony to join, but he rejects them, but typically at the end of the show he becomes a member of power house, with everybody cheering.the other one i remember is the one where lolo for some reason pretends to be dead,(complete with funeral and mourners). i don't remember why he plays dead, or how the show ends.this is one of those shows that i convinced myself that i must have dreamed up since no one else had ever heard of it.

this doesn't quite plumb the depths of creepshow 3, but it comes close. it also uses the same technique of using some of the same actors in multiple roles throughout the anthology, which is distracting to say the least.it also rather irritating rips off the twilight zone (with the bookshop being comparable to serling's later night gallery). unfortunately, the producers & writers forgot that serling would build up sympathy for his characters before messing them over. none of the characters are particularly sympathetic or interesting until the last segment.framing story: adam west is... well, himself. he doesn't go the bruce wayne/batman campy 60s route, but he rarely does. he simply plays the not-particularly-enigmatic "jay" (there's an ominous spine-chilling name to compare to the likes of dr. terror, eramus, and the cryptkeeper), and makes some mildly awkward/creepy statements.abernathy: seen rod serling's "a stop in willoughby"? then you've seen this. the red herring of the nutso wife is introduced to no purpose, but even the main character's friend identifies him as a wimp. as well directed as can be expected, but basically incoherent.nex's diner: reminiscent of various serling time travel stories, mixed with steve allen's "a meeting of minds." most of the actors aren't too bad (except for josh astin as cassius, who manages to walk, talk and even breathe awkwardly), and the idea is mildly interesting. but like abernathy, it doesn't go anywhere. the main character raises some relatively reasonable questions, bugs out a bit (who wouldn't?), and for some reason he ends up banished to a nuclear wasteland.life replay: not a bad little piece, and manages to predate both click and creepshow 3. i suppose it says something that people are fascinated by the magical properties of remote controls. the main character is mildly sympathetic. nothing substantially innovative here, but it's okay.fighting spirit: you see the twist coming a mile away but like the main character, it has some heart and it's a decent story of defeat and redemption.finale: so... why do people end up in cold storage in silver lame suits? don't know. and doesn't make sense. so... all the protagonists wandered into the bookstore and became trapped? kinda undermines the happy ending with the boxer (thanks, guys!), and the guy in the first segment died. so how did he get trapped? did he visit the bookstore before he died, got trapped and... didn't die? what? huh? i supposer this isn't expected to make sense because it's supernatural. but still...overall: basically not dissimilar from the two newer twilight zone series, or some episodes of tales from the darkside or monsters. the last two stories and part of the second are probably worth your time. but there's nothing really spectacular here.

i actually felt bad for the actors in this thing. no doubt a high school drama class could do a better job or at the very least as well a job. the actors must have thought this would be their big chance working in a film, it certainly was not. besides the terrible acting the stories were boring and for the most part predictable. the one about the remote control didn't even make any sense. to bad cause it had the best premise in the bunch.i'm all for supporting low budget films and giving new film makers a fair chance, but this turkey is a waste of time and an insult to the viewer. i only watched it because of some good comments posted here. they must have been planted by people with ties to the film. you may fool people into watching this, but you can't fool them into liking what they saw.i gave it a 2 instead of a 1 because at least the boxer story tried to be heart warming. sure it failed miserably, but it tried. i reserve 1 s for the worst of the worst.do yourself a favor and skip this dribble. i wish i had.

and maybe, as fred sandford used to say, "one across the lips". that to those who released this film on an unsuspecting public. and perhaps to the person in "rue morgue" who called this a "fender hellbender" and said it was good.five young girls, apparently taking a short-cut home from a high school football game, become lost and stop to ask directions at some small store in the middle of nowhere. while there the driver accidentally hits a parked suv & knocks out a headlight, but the girls all decide to just leave & not go find the driver. but the driver does come to find them, and it's not just that the headlight on her vehicle got dinged, it's for another reason that the girls do not yet understand. when the driver does first catch them she (yes, it's a she) brandishes a shot gun & makes them strip down, and keeps screaming at them, "how much did you see?". of course the girls are scared to death & don't know what she's talking about.as the night rolls on the girls end up in a cat and mouse game with the driver of the suv, who manages to inflict all manner of injuries on the girls, who are remarkably resilient to shot gun blasts and screwdrivers where they didn't want them. eventually they come to find that something happened back at that store after they left that is the reason for this woman's psychotic rage. and eventually they have a chance at revenge and take it about as far as they can go.there are elements of this film that are rather disturbing and scary, but unfortunately, those moments are undermined by bad acting, bad dialog, and huge lapses of credibility. one girl is hit by a shot gun blast and appears to be mortally wounded, and she's feeling cold, her life is passing before her eyes, but she got better? and how far can a mini-van run on an almost empty gas tank at speeds of 80 miles per hour? i need one of those things, it apparently gets great mileage.there should have been an ending when the girls got their revenge, but the film goes on for a bit after that, which is an anti-climax, but they at least learn some of what set the woman off, and the driver is still worried about "messing up her mom's van", which is obviously the least of anyone's worries.so this isn't the worst film i've seen, but it's too amateur to be good and yet a bit too scary and gruesome at times to be completely terrible. but it does take the cake for plenty of shrill hysterics and you'll want to put two across your ears if you watch this. which, by the way, i don't necessarily recommend. 4 out of 10.

five across the eyes starts as five young teenage girls are driving home in time for their curfew, they stop off at a store & accidentally hit another car & decide to just drive off & leave it. soon after the other car forces them to stop & a crazy woman with a shotgun gets out & shouts at them, makes them take their clothes off & makes them pee on them & then randomly drives off. shaken & shocked the girls think their ordeal is over but the crazy woman comes back for seconds as she seems intent on killing the terrified girls who are lost & are low on gas...produced & directed by greg swinson & ryan theissen with swinson writing the thing & theissen responsible for the cinematography & editing i have to say that five across the eyes is easily one of the worst films i have ever seen if not the worst, i mean i'm struggling to think of a film i have seen that's worse. now let me start off by saying that i am sure a lot of the film-making decision taken here were deliberate to try & provoke atmosphere, tension, realism & suspense but there is not one aspect of five across the eyes that i didn't hate it to be honest it looks like a bad home video that has been put up on youtube & even then it's still slightly embarrassing & a frankly worthless waste of 90 odd minutes of my time that i could have been doing something more entertaining & fun like pulling my fingernails out with pliers. the reviews on the web seem quite positive but on the imdb (the amount of 1 star comments is revealing & they can't all be wrong, right?) & it's message board which i think is much more of an indicator of what the average person thinks it's absolutely trashed by just about everyone & the phrase 'the worst film i have ever seen' is used a few times & to be fair most of these negative comments mention th same things & i have to agree with them. the story is terrible, alright i suspect it's meant to be minimalistic but this minimal? there's never any reason or explanation for the events that happen & it just feels totally random. it goes on for ages, the amount of plot here would struggle to fill a thirty minute made for telly program let along a full length feature. the dialogue is awful with these annoying girls who don't seem to have a brain cell between them taking about random stuff & screaming a lot. oh god the screaming, there are seemingly endless scenes of these girls screaming or crying or whining which not only irritates & annoys & prevents any sane viewer feeling any sort of sympathy for them it also makes what they are trying to say almost impossible to hear properly. then there's the real killer, the entire film is set & shot within the confines of a mini van, seriously the camera never leaves this car & as you can imagine it gets really boring, add that the low body count of just one person killed on screen & five across the eyes is a film that i hated with a passion.on a technical level again i can see that the film-making style here was a deliberate choice but i have to be honest again & say five across the eyes is the worst looking film i have ever seen. as a fan of film i like my films to look like proper films as it's a visual medium & i definitely don't want them to look worse than the average youtube video or my home films shot on a camcorder while i was drunk. it really does look that amateurish & that bad, it's a complete eyesore & i hated every moment of every second of it. just think the blair witch project (1999) only ten times worse looking & sounding & you will be almost there. there are times during five across the eyes when you literally can't tell what's going on or happening because of the camera-work & the almost pitch black & grainy contrast levels. the violence is tame too with a few splashes of blood & a stabbing at the end.low budget doesn't even begin to describe five across the eyes, with a supposed budget of about $4,000 this is easily one of the lowest budgeted films ever given a wide release. the two vans in the film were owned by members of the production & that's basically pretty much the entire budget right there, the locations. the acting is pretty bad by the main cast, i just hated all the fake put on crying & screaming that didn't convince at all but did irritate immensely.five across the eyes will go down as one of the worst films i have ever seen & i have seen a few films, whenever anyone now ask's me what's the worst film i have ever seen five across the eyes will definitely get a mention. i hated it, every single aspect & wretched moment of it.

i never finished this movie for a reason, it was dreadful and thats just the acting. i wasn't even sure what the film was about tbh it didn't make a lot of sense and the violence was awful. i mean ususally i like some nude in a film (lol) but it was just sick because of what was happening. all the characters annoyed me and it was just full of loud screams and the camera was shaking at parts and it looked like a sequel to the blair with project but without any good qualities. this is one of the worst movies i have seen in a long time and would like my time back please. i wouldn't recommend this film to anyone or even consider it. (n)

im the type of person who always goes 2 to horror section when i'm picking a film, so i picked five across the eyes, i was disgusted with this film and thought there was no story line and no point that you could enjoy it,it made my skin crawl to think that people like to watch films that just encourage violence for the hell of it it was low budget and very rubbish! i think i could of done better myself. i think that it was the worst film i have ever seen in my life and you should not bother to watch it the actors were rubbish the camera was awful the picture was bad and the sound was not up to scratch, i think it was a little bit like a cheep rip of off the baler which project and it has not worked at all it was foul.

less than 10 minutes into this film i wanted it to end as it was painful. all this "horror" movie was about was a group of whiny bitches doing stupid things for 90 minutes, arguing, crying and screaming. do not let the positive reviews fool you as this really is a terrible movie and you really shouldn't watch it.the movies plot had potential to be something great, but it just doesn't happen. a group of five "teenage" girls are driving home one night when they find themselves being pursued by a crazed female driver who wants to kill them. two minutes into the movie, and the characters are already arguing and this doesn't stop. all we have for 90 minutes is a bunch of girls whining, crying, screaming, "acting" and arguing. none of the dialogue is even remotely interesting too, so you don't get to really know these characters or enjoy them.the acting was terrible and i was shocked to find out that these characters were meant to be teenagers. none of these women looked a day under 20, and one of them easily looked like she was nearly 30 years old. at least get people who look the age. none of them gave even remotely decent performances, and just seemed like they were picked off the street or were friends of the director with no acting abilities. the "actress" who played the killer overdone it, but she at least showed something that the other girls didn't - a little bit of talent.the characters don't help things because these girls are a bunch of whiny, stupid bitches. that is all i can really say about them, and it did not help that they all survived. if i have to go into detail, in one scene the girls are being chased by the killer and having their car knocked a lot. one girl injures herself and is whining about it...four of them aren't wearing seat-belts...what do you expect? one of your friends is being brutally attacked by the killer...and you all just happen to be conveniently "too hurt" to help? whatever.the filming of the movie is absolutely terrible. i don't care if this movie had a budget the size of a peanut, the filming was terrible and it was like watching a pirated version of a movie. the cameraman was clearly in the car with the girls, pushed up against a window somewhere and the amount of times the camera blurred out, shook and brushed up against an "actress" was horrendous. it was also grainy, and at times you couldn't hear what characters were saying (not that it was anything worth listening to).supposedly the killers car in the movie (that supposedly got hit, even though we only heard the accident) is actually the directors car in real life. no wonder they didn't show the car getting hit! this movie is so cheap, they can't even show a car getting a little scratched up. oh, gotta mention the soundtrack also...if that's what it was. it was horrid...sad one second, then hard rock the next. at the end of the day, five across the eyes just feels like a terrible home-movie filmed in the middle of the road at night with a bunch of stupid girls screaming and arguing for 90 minutes. it doesn't help when the script is terrible, the scares/tension/suspense and (hardly even any gore to make up for it) are absent, the acting is terrible and the picture quality and filming are horrendous.this was a horrible low-budget movie. avoid it at all costs.1/10

this "film" attempts to follow the genre of low budget, hand-held camera flicks that have proved to be very effective and successful.this one, fails, and how.it's amazing how many so called "awards" this piece of garbage has got plastered on the cover..... it makes you wonder what these critics were on when they actually submitted this....words fail to describe just how absolutely appalling this movie really is. seriously, it's that bad.i watched it in 20 minutes flat, on almost continual fast forward.from rubbish lighting to dreadful directing, grainy visuals to muffled sound, and of course not forgetting the abysmal acting, this was one completely and utterly pathetic piece of so-called film making.it seriously, has no redeeming qualities - whatsoever. save your cash and watch a decent low budget horror flick, there are plenty out there - dead end, the blair witch, rec, to name but a few.avoid this rubbish at all costs. do not waste your money or time on this piece of trash pretending to be an actual film.take heed of all the other comments! you've been warned!

um... okay, i guess i get the whole shaky-cam, gorilla-style filming technique but unfortunately i think a gorilla could have made a better movie... this thing was just a complete mess from the get go. bad acting, bad directing, bad story and horrific cinematography. how this piece of garbage was released i will never know, but it has and unfortunately i watched it. filmed on location in tennessee by the directing team of greg swinson and ryan thiessen (harry and lloyd), "five across the eyes" i'm assuming is supposed to resemble a "blair witch" type film but falls short... okay it nose dives off a cliff. i was actually embarrassed for these young women, whom i'm sure were promised hollywood stardom, but ended up in this dung heap. the dialog is ridiculous, and actually aggravates you as you listen to it. how this is supposed to be a horror flick is another mystery, as there is nothing even remotely scary about it, except for the fact that i watched it... try this one on for size: there is 5 of you and 1 of her, do the math and beat her ass... "the end". saddly it went on (and on) for 95 more minutes of mind-numbing stupidity...i saw it for free, and wanted my money back.

given that a lot of horror films are based on the premise that one or more of the central characters does something stupid at some stage during the proceedings, the girls in this film would be collecting gold, silver and bronze at a darwin awards olympic ceremony. a mentally disabled baboon would have made better choices than they did, and would have screamed a lot less while doing so.if you like films with a grainy picture, deliberately amateur camera-work (my 92 year-old grandmother wields a camcorder with better results), extremely poor sound and no discernible plot/narrative, then this is your ideal film. also note that you should enjoy the following: women screaming for no reason, women whining for no reason. in fact reason and logic don't appear much in this film. for example: "we have to find stephanie" "yeah i can't believe i was speaking to her, like, last night" "she called you last night?" "yeah, she wanted to talk about some date she got asked one" "what? how come she didn't tell me"? as in, our friend is being chased by a serial killer with a shotgun and an array of grisly weapons but i have a problem with the fact that she didn't tell me she was going on a date.okay, so the budget is low. that doesn't mean you have to make it look like it cost half the budget. the 'score' is interesting since all - with the exception of one - tracks have been written and performed by the writers/directors of the film itself. in fact it would appear that the entire budget has been blown on sampling a track by the duskfall, a death metal band from sweden.the most worrying thing of all in the entire film is the ending which leaves us with the possibility for a sequel.

i'll keep this fast and sweet. five girls on their way home from a football game decide to take a 'short cut' that leads them down a deserted forest-ridden road. of course nothing but good things happen to them, and they safely arrive at their destination.alright, they don't. soon they're hunted down by a deranged chick who has some severe mental issues, and what ensues is 90 minutes of sheer boredom.i hope to never see any of these actors in any movie ever again. their screaming, screeching voices gave me a headache, and the script was so poorly written that it included a lot of repeat phrases and nonsensical hysterical screaming. all in all, one of the worst cheap horror flicks i've ever seen...and i've seen a lot.

the problem with this movie is that it is shot on the worst possible camera and the film is blurry and grainy. maybe it's just the fact that whoever was holding the camera couldn't hold still because they were having a seizure or something. there is also way too much poop and vomit in this movie. there is someone vomiting every twenty minutes and it makes me think that this was made by some bulimic or something. it was disgusting. then there is the annoying high pitched screaming that goes on and on and on and doesn't stop until the credits roll. i also didn't like when all her friends were being shot (or not i don't know)and she goes in the van and puts band aids on. that was just really really stupid to even have that in a movie. how much gas can a person siphon to get a van going? it must be a whole lot because they don't run out of gas for the rest of the movie. it was a terrible movie and i would highly suggest not ever seeing it in your whole entire life.

- contains miner spoilers - i have seen a number of decent indie horror films such as the hamiltons, the boys love mandy lane and cabin fever; unfortunately i felt five across the eyes does not fall into this category. from start to finish the film is plagued with amateurish acting resonating from a very poor script, god only knows why the writer(s) thought dialogue such as "no don't go out there; don't go out there she'll get you: if she gets you she'll kill you and if she kills you you're dead" is of movie quality.this film displays very little character development and to be honest i couldn't care less about what pain and torture was inflicted upon them as they are just a group of ditsy college girls who show almost no redeeming qualities'. all they do is cry and whinge throughout the entire movie and if the girls aren't crying their arguing; when they do converse the topics are completely random: about dating boys or how one of the girls father was recently cremated (appropriate subjects when you're being chased by a psychotic killer).the soundtrack is also abysmal exhibiting corny techno music during both the start and end credits (although hearing the credit music knowing the end was nearing seemed like heaven).the camera-work is appalling and at times makes the film unwatchable. i'm guessing due to having little or no budget the director was limited to just one digital camera which resides in the girls' car almost the entire movie. i think this was an effort to stick the audience as close to the action as possible: to feel and experience what the girls are going through. but due to a very shaky camera, grainy picture and being too close to the action it can be hard to tell what is going on during action scenes and is simply chaotic. it's one thing to make a film subjective but it's another to have action on the screen that an audience can't decipher because of the poor cinematography.i understand that five across the eyes is a low budget indie film but that does not excuse the extremely poor quality. there are no redeeming factors to this film: bad acting, poor scripting, shoddy camera-work and no story. in light off all this i decided to give the film 1 out of 10 as it left me very disappointed; wanting a meteor to hit the earth bringing me sweet relief. its 94 minutes off stupid college girls crying, arguing, aimlessly running and having random inappropriate conversations. however, how many times do you get to see girls defecating into their hands and throwing the crap onto the windscreen of a chasing car.

at the end of "dragon heat," all i could think of was why i bothered sitting through the whole thing.the film's premise is interesting and that - as well as maggie q - is what attracted me to the film in the first place. but was i ever disappointed. writer-director daniel lee can't hold a candle to the likes of john woo, ringo lam and corey yuen.this has to be one of the most annoyingly-directed films i have ever seen. lee is so wrapped up in his visual style - and i use that phrase incredibly loosely - that he fills the film with completely needless black-and-white stills, freeze frames, slow-motion, fast-motion and other visual nonsense. i suppose he did all that to make up for the lack of a good story or dialogue.the action scenes are nothing special and play out like some hopped-up music video more than anything else. there is little to care about any of the characters - including two supposedly professional snipers who couldn't hit the broad side of a barn from the inside! - who are then laden with some of the cheesiest dialogue i have seen in one of these hong kong actioners.the plot is devoid of any twists and turns - from the initial set-up, everything unfolds in predictable fashion - and lee feels the need to keep reminding us of the characters' back stories in case we didn't get it the first several times. this is awfully amateurish writing and film-making and wastes the talents of sammo hung, michael biehn and maggie q. though, to be frank, i am hard-pressed to remember biehn being in any good film that was not directed by james cameron.if you really are in the mood for a great hong kong actioner, you are much better off sticking to some of the staples - john woo's "the killer" (1989) and "hard-boiled" (1992), ringo lam's "city on fire" (1987) - which quentin tarantino stole for "reservoir dogs" (1992) - or his "point blank" (1967) remake, "full contact" (1992). or, even check out yuen's "so close" (2002), a supremely entertaining, yet preposterous, popcorn flick. and there's always the terrific french police actioner, "the nest" (2002).true, most, if not all, are a bit over-the-top, but they were films that remain exciting, thrilling and even suspenseful. they have characters we care about and mind-blowing action sequences."dragon heat," on the other hand, is just terribly mediocre. the trouble is that lee has not made a bad action film, he has made a dull one.

a lot of promise and nothing more. an all-star cast certainly by hk standards, but man oh man is this one a stinker. no story? that's okay, the action will make up for it like most hk action flicks. what? the action is terrible, corny, and sparse? dragon dynasty's releases up to this point are by and large superb and generally regarded as classics in asian cinema. this is a blight. they managed to wrangle a couple of actors from infernal affairs, but they can't bring life to a disjointed script. there are scenes of dialogue where two or three lines are spoken with a cut in between each and no continuity in what the characters are saying. you almost feel like they're each giving a running monologue and just ignoring the other characters. michael biehn is made of wood, really? sammo hung uses a stunt double? no way. yes way. stay away.

ahh this film had so much potential! a good cast of quality b actors, the thighs of jessica simpson and... that is about it!i believe some guy in some unnamed marketing department had an idea. basically, lets do a kind of legally blond film, but do it in new york. that big bright city of chances, power and money and where everyone is a heartless, power/money hungry person. let's add to this jessica simpson, small town bimbo, that brother of owen wilson and for some no apparent reason andy dick (only because of him you should ignore this film).basic story line:boy leaves girl for ny, girl follows, boy cheats, girl stays in ny with cousin, gets a job under false pretenses, mucks up, is courted by other boy (brother wilson) and together save the day and kiss.a few words come to mind when reflecting upon this film, i.e. dire, awful, unbearable, intolerable and xenophobicjust don't watch this film, you will be happier. one reviewer referred to guantanamo and i definitely agree with him. this film induces shock. and i know what you are thinking... at least at some point will i see simpson naked or close too. it's not gonna happen, spare yourself the time and youtube her. you will have better sexy time!the films editing is flimsy, the acting is unbearable, and why do they use blue screens?in conclusion; this is cinematic treason which should be punished to the maximumanother question why does willie nelson always play a kind of father figure in almost every jessica simpson flick and why are there no black, latin, asian or european people in this movie?

(first of all, excuse my bad english) of course only a movie starring jessica simpson can include serious goofs like this.. i'm a norwegian and i felt offended and shocked the makers of this movie did not take the time to do their research upon making this american/"norwegian" movie. even wikipedia is more accurate when it comes to facts about this country.so i'm posting my corrections out of my frustration: -the country is named norway, not norwegia. -"da" is russian, not norwegian. -norwegian priests never use those black capes with that white paper by the neck as the protestant church is the dominant by far -it's true we have a native traditional folk-outfit (that we only use like twice a year) but the outfit in this movie is more like a german outfit. -i could not understand the so called "norwegian" in this movie.. jessica was not making any sense.. neighter did the "norwegian priests"the only thing i recognise is the norwegian flag (and the viking hats, but that's so stereotypic what people think about norway - vikings!:o gosh)well.. i guess the people who made this film will never read this comment. but at least i cleared some things up and got rid of some of that frustration..!i'm proud of my country and i'd love if people in the us were less stereotypic and more accurate when they talk about this country.that was all.. lenge leve norge ! ;p

i knew this movie wasn't going to be amazing, but i thought i would give it a chance. i am a fan of luke wilson so i thought it had potential. unfortunately, a lot of the movie's dialog was very fake sounding and cheesy. i think that aquafresh gave some money towards the production of the film because they were seriously dropping some hints throughout. there is a shot where the aquafresh sign sticks out at you that you can't help but notice it. maybe they should have focused on writing and acting more than how many times can we drop aquafresh products in the movie without people getting annoyed. the movie had its moments, but i'm glad i didn't spend $9.50 to see it in the theater.

this might be unbelievable, but this movie has grossed $878,138 in russia! it's shown in almost all cinema theaters and still running! well, i have no idea why distributors put their eye on this particular uh "movie", which had almost no screening around the world. that's some kind of enigma! haha! maybe it was based on the fact that another movie, "pledge this" with paris hilton, which was as well released only dvd almost everywhere, had major screenings in russia and grossed more than 1mln$. besides, both movies had a lot of promotion, like there were the banners all over the city, tv commercials and etc. speaking about movie, i'd say it's dull and absolutely boring. it could be better, really. even if it has jessica simpson.

the story goes something like this: a small-town girl, katie (jessica simpson), decides to visit her boyfriend in the big city. when she arrives she discovers he isn't quite as faithful as he should be. katie then ends up venturing into the adventure that is new york. filling in as bike messenger comedic and charming mishaps ensues. she falls into a hole in the ground and thus meets charismatic good-guy ben (luke wilson). it's not love at first sight, at least for her, but destiny and ben, won't give up quite that easy. being "just" a small-town girl and blonde a couple of evil executives at a building firm decides she's the perfect scapegoat for their cunning plan. misunderstandings with hilarious and sad consequences follow. however, this is one blonde who won't take it lying down!people being judgmental of this film will soon enough be proved wrong. the jokes are confident and fitting, and the story well developed. the relationship between katie and ben feels so natural that it puts anything godard has created to shame. the multi-talented jessica simpson once again surprises with a strong role only she could pull off. simpson really is the marilyn monroe of our day (there's even one scene honoring her!). she balances perfectly between vulnerable and whimsy. katie really does show us that you can't judge a book by its cover! luke wilson is as charming as ever. even if he was covered in manure that man would be as appealing as anyone. his light touch, puppy dog eyes and laid back manner makes it difficult to resist. andy dick plays the role he was born to play, one of the two diabolical executives. he really cannot be underestimated. the strength of the performance lies in his restraint. it's remarkable, because most actors would just run away with it and play it for cheap laughs. not this guy! in conclusion, director scott marshall has crafted an intelligent and frequently hilarious comedy that is destined to become a classic alongside masterpieces of cinema like epic movie and norbit. kudos to everyone involved in this, especially jessica simpson. her sincere smile and whole-hearted laughter would make even the toughest man break out in a big grin. you may be tough, but you're not that tough! warmly recommended to everyone who wants to be swept off their feet and see a romantic comedy that for once, feels honest. thank you for this film! oh, and the soundtrack rocks! now if you still haven't gotten it. i'm being sarcastic. 1/10

this movie had all the elements to be a smart, sparkling comedy, but for some reason it took the dumbass route. perhaps it didn't really know who its audience was: but it's hardly a man's movie given the cast and plot, yet is too slapstick and dumb-blonde to appeal fully to women.if you have seen legally blonde and its sequel, then this is like the bewilderingly awful sequel. great actors such as luke wilson should expect better material. jessica simpson could also have managed so much more. rachael leigh cook and penelope anne miller languish in supporting roles that are silly rather than amusing.many things in this movie were paint-by-numbers, the various uber-cliché montages, the last minute "misunderstanding", even the kids' party chaos. this just suggests lazy scriptwriting.it should be possible to find this movie enjoyable if you don't take it seriously, but it's such a glaring could-do-better than you'll likely feel frustrated and increasingly disappointed as the scenes roll past.

watching this i mainly noticed the ad placements. dhl, aquawhite strips, rockstar and more. it's one product placement after another. it's quite obvious how this movie got its funding. jessica simpson's "acting" is laughable. any dick shouldn't ever get work because he plays the same lame character. the "story" is just a backdrop for this very long commercial. i can't believe this movie was even considered for theatrical release. the longer you watch this movie the more you're embarrassed for everyone involved. the only minor saving grace is larry miller and rachael lee cook, who gets almost no screen time as jessica's cousin. i'm embarrassed i watched the whole thing. i would recommend avoiding this one.

this was a silly movie with a predictable storyline and dreadful acting!! willy nelson was as stiff as his braids. the movie just seemed like a very long advert for the bright red lipstick that jessica simpson wore - especially as there were so many close-ups on her face. the premise was not amusing and as i said - soooooooo predictable. whatever money was spent on making this movie was a shameful waste. any allusions to other old marilyn monroe movies did not enhance the viewing of blonde ambition at all. it was also so unbelievable - jessica simpson being able to step into an executive secretary position at the drop of a hat - that was laughable!!!

by now you should already know about this film, the jessica simpson "bomb" that pretty much went straight to video (limited, anemic theatrical run). basically, ms. simpson's katie travels from a small town in oklahoma to visit her boyfriend, to surprise him, only to find him in bed with another woman. she is stranded, but has one friend (rachel leigh cook, whom i wish we saw more often in film), who lets her stay. katie ends up getting a job via two conniving co-workers (penelope ann miller and the always amusing andy dick) who are just using katie to get the president of the firm (larry miller) ousted. this is strictly a b movie, its not meant to be profound. jessica simpson is not a great actress by any means, but she is pretty much beautiful and never truly annoying. the film is watchable in that its not an abomination, but its throwaway fluff. in a cameo, penny marshall is funny (a subtle in-joke about milwaukee made me chuckle), and there is a funny scene involving norwegian priests (don't read too much into this). so, not horrible, but easy to skip. your safe bet is to watch it on television if it ever does. again, not good, but not a profound disaster.

this is an embarrassment to everyone and everything used in making this joke. i personally don't care one way or another about jessica simpson and her talent or whatever so many people find fascinating about her. just as a movie this is something that wouldn't even get a passing grade in film school. the script is a mess, the acting is atrocious, and the fact luke wilson (co-writer of "bottle rocket") did this makes me wonder what the hell he was thinking. he did "old school" for crying out loud! this doesn't even belong in the same state as my "old school" dvd! please for whatever reason do not watch this! i see there is a comment that this is so bad it's good, but that frankly is too kind. when will we stop seeing singers that obviously can't act keep trying to, i hope ends soon. the worst part is that there are actually some decent actors (penelope ann miller, rachel leigh cook, & luke wilson) who are part of this dump. as far as the plot, well it is almost non-existent and so poorly done and written (yes i know it's another rehash) i very much doubt anyone will remember anything about this. please whatever you do don't waste your time, but if you do, feel sorry for the actual actors involved for wasting their time doing this bomb. jessica simpson you're pretty, but stick to singing, although i'm not much a fan of that either. and whoever did this film, i wouldn't put this on your resume. 1/10 because you can't give a zero.

who wrote this? some guy named john cohen. i guess this was the first screenplay he's ever worked on. someone should've told him you're supposed to write dialog that sounds like something someone actually might say.and who directed this? scott marshal? son of gerry marshall. my the nut has fallen far from the tree. someone might have wanted to let him know that you can, in fact, shoot a scene in a cab in new york, and it will look real, and you won't have to fake it with a blue screen for no reason. might have also wanted to let him know he should stay away from jessica simpson, but hopefully he's learned that lesson now.and jessica simpson... naturally she can't act. hell, she makes jessica alba look like audry hepburn, and yet she's starring in this movie. oh wait, it was produced by her father. okay, that's why she got the part. that's really the only reason i can think of.so should i be surprised it's bad? no. should i be amazed at how bad it is? i think a lot of people would if they saw as much of it as i did. i mean you expect a movie starring jessica simpson to be bad, but this... it's not just bad, it's the complete opposite of a classic film. think of a great woody allen movie, this film is as bad as that film is good. it's the anti-annie hall.i am so glad i didn't pay to see it, i stopped watching ten minutes in cus i couldn't go on. no doubt i would've walked out of the theater sooner. in fact i wonder how many of the 6 people who saw it per theater actually stayed and watched the whole thing. the film starts out laughably bad, and then goes to the point of being so bad it becomes a kind of chinese water torture. and then, around when the first act is ending, you realize it'll only get worse, and that's when you either need to leave, or kill yourself.in conclusion, this film goes under the category of being so bad it should be used in place of water boarding at guantanamo bay. although some prefer the water boarding.

this is probably one of the worst movies i have ever seen. jessica simpson not only lacks any acting skill, but the script is incredibly shallow and lame. you actually hear serious dialogue that goes, "i love you more." "no, i love you more." i stopped watching the movie (online) after the first half hour, i couldn't take it anymore. her "southern girl charm" just doesn't work and is really quite annoying; her attempts at slapstick humor fall flat and she delivers lines like she is reading the script right off the page.poor luke wilson. did he not read the script before agreeing to do this, or did he fall for papa joe's (jessica's dad and also the producer of the movie) promise of big profits? hopefully he now knows better than to sign on to another movie like this. luke wilson is actually a good actor - i hate seeing the pained look on his face as he suffers through the bad dialogue.also, i think the previous commenter giving this movie an 8 out of 10 was probably either involved in the movie somehow or hired by papa joe to give the movie a better rating. no one in their right mind would actually find this movie engaging.jessica has lots of money, right? maybe buy some acting lessons?

-=contains spoiler from both original and movie versions=-i am a huge fan of notre dame de paris musical,i also read book this summer and i watched movie today,in the beginning i was hopeful to watch a good film especially when i saw 6.3 imdb point.first scenes were good but i actually waited for,theaters scene directly from book,but it was normal but when esmeralda kisses gringoire i felt something is wrong..they don't even kiss in book,even in musical..and there were huge gap why esmeralda being judged by sorcerer,in the book she teaches her goat how to respond numbers of clock or write word "phoebus".. wait there were a phoebus weren't there? in this movie he is some soldier junk nothing more,the creators made quasimodo's love to show around and they even canceled frollo's love..but notre dame was frollo. his thoughts his struggles between love of god and love of human in movie we cant find anything like that all we have is,some villain who is really bad and kills people whose clashes with his thoughts..and not mentioning phoebus,not mentioning love of frollo,not mentioning jehan (brother of frollo) not mentioning mother of esmeralda (maybe it is ok,the storyline would have chopped much)they even not mentioned the real story.. (another ps:frollo wasn't a opus dei or some cult member he actually in interest with alchemy he tries to make gold..he was stuck in science and religion)finally don't watch this movie,it is some kind of directors edition to real masterpiece,and if you have watched it before read the book,god have mercy on you..you must read to book immediately..this movie is worse than hunchback of notre dame ii the animated movie,spend your time with watching notre dame de paris musical.. enough said..

this is very much a television version of the tale, the film starts out like an episode of 'xena...', with little meaningful dialog or character description. it does get a bit more substantive after a while, but all characters are still cartoonish. salma is the exotic beauty. richard harris is an evil and sexually repressed frollo, fiending to bust a nut up in salma. the other characters, including quasimodo are quite forgettable. its also a sorta liberal version of the story, frollo is a suppressor of enlightenment ideals, like the abbot in 'name of the rose', and quasimodo is a champion of liberty. the shadowy side of the quas character is ignored, though he does pour liquid led on people. he is really only an outsider in that he looks different and enjoys playing with bells more than the average person. perhaps the film is intended for children, but i doubt it, considering frollo flogs himself bloody to amend wanting to spank his monkey. a mostly uninteresting and forgettable, but not awful, and sometimes entertaining, rendition of the tale.

what a shame that alan clarke has to be associated with this tripe. that doesn't rule it out however; get a group of lads and some stellas together and have a whale of a time running this one again and again and rolling around on the floor in tears of laughter. great wasted night stuff. al hunter homes in on a well publicised theme of the late 80s- that hooligans were well organised and not really interested in the football itself- often with respectable jobs (estate agent???). but how clarke can convince us that any of the two-bit actors straying from other tv productions of low quality (grange hill) or soon to go on to poor quality drama (eastenders) can for a nanosecond make us believe that they are tough football thugs is laughable. are we really to believe that the icf (on whom of course the drama is based) would ever go to another town to fight with just six blokes?the icf would crowd out tube stations and the like with hundreds. andy nicholls' scally needs to be read before even contemplating a story of this nature. the acting is appalling and provides most of the laughs- oldman is so camp it is unbelievable. most of them look as though they should be in a bubble of bath of mr matey. a true inspiration to anyone with a digital video camera who thinks they can make a flick- go for it.

i'm sorry, but this is such a bad movie it's hilarious. football hooligans arguing in a travel lodge? suits? shades?! alan clearly had no idea what he was talking about when he made this, it is as far from the truth as you can get.the casting was atrocious...gary oldman as a football hooligan? he doesn't look scary, act scary or even come across as someone who would like football. and as for yeti? what the hell? suits, shades and sitting in a travelodge childishly taunting each other with "its about time you got your nappy on". please.and the yeti's gang spraying the icc's underwear? i don't see how anyone can even take this film seriously!.4/10. its possibly the most inaccurate portrayal of the crisis of the late eighties hooliganism i have ever seen.

alan rudolph is a so-so director, without that special touch. as an example, there was one shot in the secret lives of dentists in the dental office which could have expressed the entire relationship between the husband and wife. rudolph squandered it. the camera is in the hallway looking through the doorways of the two dental offices, with dana and dave each alone in their respective rooms. you get the idea of their desolation and isolation, but not much more. the lighting, the colors, the body language, the facial expressions could all have been vastly improved upon. if i were directing, i would have spent all day, if necessary, to get that shot right. that's the beauty and power of film: it can express so much, whole lives, in a matter of secondsthe shot with the toddler stepping in the puddle of puke could have been improved on. the child should have shown more fascination with the puddle, should have stomped and shuffled her feet, should have had her head bent down to look at the puddle with all her attention. campbell didn't deliver. he plays a uncommunicative man, true, but instead of conveying his inner turmoil in voice, gesture, body movement, the film relies on voice-over narration and dialogue with his imaginary macho alter-ego, played by denis leary.

an idiotic dentist finds out that his wife has been unfaithful. so, no new story lines here. however, the authors managed to create a stupid, disgusting film. if you enjoy watching kids vomiting, or seeing a dentist imagining that he is pulling all his wife's teeth out in a bloody horror-type, go see (or rent) the film. if not, move on to something else (my fair lady, anyone?)

it's common practice for a film about repression to be somewhat muted in style and tone. there's a difference, however, between using restraint and encouraging narcolepsy among audience members. in "the secret lives of dentists," starring campbell scott and hope davis, director alan rudolph plays as close to the vest as possible, with the result being a film that never amounts to much beyond a rumination on how teeth are a metaphor for married life.scott gives a fine performance in the role of david hurst, a dentist married to another dentist (davis). rudolph sets up the dynamic of their relationship quickly - he is completely absorbed in the day-to-day duties of being the parenthood, she is quietly disillusioned with their frantic family life - and then ratchets up the tension when scott may or may not witness his wife with another man. from this point on, the film focuses on whether or not david is going to confront his wife dana about her possible adultery, or whether she will beat him to the punch and leave for good. from time to time, david is treated to visits from an imaginary "friend" in the form of a former patient played by denis leary (borrowing heavily from brad pitt's tyler durden in "fight club").while there is enough uncertainty about dana's infidelity and david's instability to warrant examination, the last two thirds of the film are embarrassingly empty of theme or narrative. instead, rudolph creates drama out of a nasty fever that travels slowly through the hurst family, culminating in a pointless hospital visit at the film's climax. the film never picks up on the hints at what david is really capable of if he wasn't so dedicated to his family; neither does it spend much time looking at dana's precarious balancing act between her family life and her other, more fulfilling ambitions.by choosing to spend the majority of the film worrying over a fever gone awry, rudolph kills the momentum of his film. by the time the fifth member of the family shows up sweating and sickly, the film has used up all the good graces of scott's well-measured performance. david and dana end up retracing their steps over and over again until a less than cathartic finale. with nothing to build on over the last hour, the conclusion seems awkward and patched-on. "the secret lives of dentists" takes a common theme and does nothing to improve upon it. altogether, a disappointing, unimaginative film.

i tend to like character-driven films. i also think hope davis turns in consistently good work, so i had high hopes for this movie. those hopes were soon dashed.the main flaw with this movie is the direction. there are a lot of scenes that are daydream sequences. the movie makes frequent use of the denis leary character as the alter ego of the campbell scott character. it doesn't work for me at all. this would have worked better as a play than a movie.there are problems with the plot as well. it is important that the characters in a movie take a journey and end up in a place different from where they started. i didn't feel that the characters grew in the experiences portrayed in the movie.finally, the editing wasn't well done, either. there was a very big sag in the middle of the movie that was exceptionally boring.except for acting, which i felt was consistently strong, this movie failed in almost every aspect of cinema.

basically, a dentist husband-wife team and their 3 daughters deal with infidelity. the premise is interesting, the acting is good, and the music, although sometimes abrupt and without direction, is pretty cool.the problem is the plot. the husband dentist drops his wife off backstage at an opera before the show (she has a minor role) and then walks back in to give her something, but sees her with another man. the rest of the movie deals with his angst about this episode, his visual hallucinations and a macho alter-ego (denis leary, a former patient of his) and his fear in confronting his wife lest he will have to "do something about it." i won't tell you the ending, but let me say that the film goes nowhere and the ending is like a sputtering whimper. the motivations of the characters are missing: why is she cheating on him? he's a dentist, decent looking, good father. the film doesn't say. who's she doing it with? don't expect any answers on that either. why does he want to keep the marriage going in spite of all this? who knows. what purpose does all the kids vomiting serve? where is this film going? good performances by campbell scott and hope davis (and denis leary as comic relief)are completely wasted by this stilted nonsense which doesn't know if it wants to be american beauty or a family film. a root canal is more interesting. avoid it.

ugh! where to begin ... first, campbell scott's non-stop angst becomes a real turn-off after awhile (a very short while) as he internalizes his mounting anguish, curiosity and anger. only we don't care! these characters as presented by the writer and director are wholly unlikable, and therein lies the key. they haven't given us anything to make us care if they are adulterous and whether or not they are still in love with one another. when scott quietly tells his wife, "i could kill you" before their three daughters at the dinner table, after the shock of his selfishly poor timing wore off i almost wished that he had--and then done the same thing to the smug, wisecracking apparition of denis leary before being hauled off the the looney bin. an utter waste of time and perhaps--only perhaps--resources.

this movie was not very entertaining, certainly no where as original or as good as a christmas story. the characters (except the youngest) try to emulate the preceding actors, and they fail. the hillbilly neighbors come out of nowhere as they weren't a part of the first movie. this really sucked, might have been good with the original cast, then again maybe not because the story is so weak. skip it.

a christmas story is a holiday classic and my favorite movie. so naturally, i was elated when this movie came out in 1994. i saw it opening day and was prepared to enjoy myself. i came away revolted and digusted. the anticipation that rang true in a christmas story is curiously missing from this mess. a red ryder bb gun is better to get than a chinese top.and it is not very funny at all. charles grodin is good but the buck stops there. bottom line:1 star. don't even bother.

this is one really bad movie. i've racked my brain and i cannot come up with one positive comment to make. the acting is atrocious. i've seen more believable performances on cable access. the plot is ridiculous. stolen diamonds, secret recordings of the president, and a shark that attacks anything that gets near it should have made for cheesy fun at the worst. night of the sharks isn't even so bad it's good. the dialogue sounds and is delivered as if it were written seconds before it's filmed. and to top it off, night of the sharks has the worst soundtrack i've ever heard. i'm surprised my ears didn't start bleeding from the 80s techno synthesized sounds that someone actually bothered to record.from everything i've read, the italian film industry was dead by 1987. night of the sharks is like a final nail in the coffin.

i gave it a 2 instead of a 1 because i think "the wild women of wongo" is worse. this is an exercise in patience. it's like having your teeth cleaned by a bad dental hygienist. there's no plot. there's no logic. there is certainly no acting (although the shark has some quality dialogue). we don't wonder about anything. we don't know how people got where they got. it's always amazing to me how things like this even get released. i agree with the previous writer that it isn't even funny bad. i know. it's about 90 minutes long and that will fill up about that much space on a dvd collection. it's like a paperweight. or a bad painting you bought at a starving artists' sale. it covers the crack in the wall.

i can't believe how awful this movie turned out to be. i feel magnanimous even referring to it as a "movie". the acting was flat, the editing was terrible and the plot leaves many major questions unanswered. the premise was ok, if unoriginal: a small group of aliens is living in the us and trying to slowly take over humanity. but it goes rapidly downhill from there. how could they convince a "human" to accept an alien as his wife in order to make they alien-human hybrid they require? they show a larval alien but never show what it does. they have a plastic surgeon that can produce perfect looking skin on an industrial scale. they throw in the obligatory huge alien monster with teeth. the ending was almost too painful to watch. i suppose that i'm mostly disappointed that bruce boxlietner would have anything to do with this. how could he say to the huge alien monster with teeth, "get away from him you son of a b*tch" with a straight face? it's a long fall from his babylon 5 days. avoid this at all costs.

words fail me.and that isn't common.done properly this could have been great, funny spoof b-movie sci-fi, but sadly, it was not to be. rarely in the field of drama have so many competent actors struggled so vainly with such a dogs-breakfast of a script. i can only endorse the previous reviewer's comments - go clean the bathroom. in fact do anything except watch this film.positives: lucy beeman's nose. negatives: everything else.most apposite line: "this isn't going anywhere".if only every plastic surgeon could meet with such a fate.

my friends and i rented this from blockbuster because we saw nana visitor's name on the box. this movie is a travesty i hope she negates from her cv.the "plot" was lose and flaccid, the acting was mostly dry and unbearable in some parts. the movie made no sense whatsoever. the rough plot of an alien parasite species that infects humans has been done many times by films with much better scripts than this, for example, invasion of the body-snatchers and the faculty.if you ever have the misfortune to come across this movie, i suggest you burn it.how it classes itself as a horror movie when there was no use of fear, suspense, gore, terror or any of the usual horror film techniques i don't know, however if you still find yourself wanting to watch this film i suggest you have a lot of sugar before hand, so you can find parts of it funny.

"they are among us" is poor science fiction at best. mediocre acting bogs down this film. the plot holes are numerous. aliens that somehow came to earth on a meteor and have been hiding among us for over 100 years, but need a plastic surgeon to make them appear human. in their alien form they supposedly have exo-skeletons (which is why they need the plastic surgery) but when you see them they have teeth and fingernails. the heroine's father "disappeared" after project blue book closed, but was supposedly an f-16 pilot. and on and on. if you want to see an alien invasion movie, pick "invasion of the body snatchers", and see how it is done right.

in this forgettable trifle, the 40-ish norma shearer plays a fluttery, girlish socialite in monte carlo, caught in a tussle between george sanders and robert taylor. it would be tempting to blame this movie's failure on the dull, talky script, or director george cukor, who never seems interested in livening up the film's generally comatose state. mostly, though, it's the fault of shearer herself, who desperately wanted to keep playing "young" parts as long as she could get away with it. inadvertently, this makes "her cardboard lover" a bizarre monument to an aging woman's vanity.

this film was absolutely awful, i even feel uncomfortable calling it a film. its the typical "mumblecore" movie, with zero plot and a bunch of aimless whiny twenty somethings stumbling around trying to "figure stuff out". i have tried to give mumblecore a chance, but lets be honest its just horrible.i am not out of sync with cinema, i appreciate dogme95 films, idioterne is one of my all time favorite films. so i do not mind if a film is cheaply made so long as there is some (any) substance.everything in this film is horrid, the acting, the writing (or was it all improvised?), the direction, but most of all, above everything else, the camera work was just plain and simple nonsense. the camera was never anywhere logical, there was no consistency. i got to admit being a guy i had heard there was nudity in this film so i thought to myself well even if its horrible at least there's nudity (yea i know, i'm a jerk). well thanks to the uber crappy camera-work you never really get to see anything, and the things you do see, trust me - you do not want to see. this film made me want to vomit on numerous levels.the dialogue made me want to vomit, the camera-work made me want to vomit, but mostly the idea that this film was praised by some legit critics, well now that more than anything makes me want to vomit.

"it's like hard to like describe just how like exciting it is like to make a relationship like drama like with all the like pornographic scenes thrown like in for like good measure like, and to stir up like contro- like -versy and make us more like money and like stuff." - ellen, the lost quote."kissing, like, on the, like, mouth and stuff" is like the best like artistic endeavor like ever made. watching like ellen's hairy arms and like chris masturbating was like the height of my years-long movie-viewing experience and stuff. but before i like begin like breaking new u.s.-20-something-airhead records with the my "likes", let me like just briefly list like the high- like -lights of this visual like feast: 1. chris doing the deed with his genitals. and not just that: the way the camera (guided so elegantly by ellen and patrick) rewards the viewer with a full-screen shot of chris's fat white-trash stomach after he finishes the un-catholic deed - that was truly thrilling. i can in all honesty say that i've never seen such grace. chris, you should do more such scenes in your next movies, because that is exactly what we needed as a continuation of what that brilliant, brilliant man, lars von trier and his "idiots 95", started. a quick w*** and then a hairy, fat, white belly: what more can any movie-goer ask for?! needless to say, i can sit all day and watch chris ejaculate (in spite of the fact that i'm straight)... such poetry in motion. such elegance, such style. no less than total, divine inspiration went into filming that sequence - plus a solid amount of zen philosophy. even barbra streisand could not get any more spiritual than this.2. ellen's hairy, thick arms. the wobbly-camera close-ups, so skillfully photographed by our two directors of photography (i can't emphasize this enough), ellen and patrick, often caused confusion regarding the proper identification of the sex in question. there were several scenes when we would see a part of a body (a leg, arm or foot), yet it was often a guessing game: does that body-part belong to a man or a woman? naturally, chris and his fellow artists, ellen, patrick and whatsername, cast themselves on purpose, because their bodies were ideal for creating this gender-based confusion. it was at times hard to guess whether one is seeing a female or male leg. patrick is so very thin and effeminate in his movements, so hairless and pristine, whereas ellen and the other girl are so very butch, what with their thick legs and arms. brilliant. 3. brilliant - especially the way that neatly ties in with the theme of role reversal between the sexes: so utterly original and mind-blowing. ellen behaves like a man, wants sex all the time, while her ex patrick wants to talk - like a girl. spiffing.4. ellen's search for a leftist mate. "he must love 'the simpsons', which is quite leftist." i am glad that the makers of this movie decided to break the long tradition of offering us intelligent leftists. ellen is such a refreshing - and realistic - change. the number of "likes" that she and her liberal friends manage to utter in less than 80 minutes is truly phenomenal (3,849, to be exact). they have managed to realistically transfer their real-life ineptness onto the big screen with a minimum of effort, and i applaud them for that.5. the close-ups of toes. plenty of stuff here for foot-fetishists, which i think is a very liberal, highly commendable way of reaching out to sexual minorities. after all, shoe- and foot- fetishists are offered so little in modern cinema, so it's nice to see that someone out there cares.kotm, or rather, klotlmas, offers more than meets the eye. it is not just a modest little film about shallow people engaging in hollow relationships while indulging in meaningless conversations. no, it's much more than that. it's about the light that guides all silly creatures; the guiding light that dominates the futile lives of various pseudo-artistic wannabes who just dropped out of film school, and plan to assault our senses with dim-witted drivel that will hopefully play well at pretentious festivals like sundance and cannes, enabling them to gain the necessary exposure hence some real cash for a change, with which they will later hire the likes of sean penn and george clooney in promoting the saving of this planet and the resolving of all political problems this world faces. what better way to do that than by making porn at the very start? if chris and ellen did the camera here, as is clearly stated in the end-credits, then who held the camera while the two of them were in front of it? they probably hired some passers-by and shoved the camera into their hands...go to http://rateyourmusic.com/~fedor8, and check out my "tv & cinema: 150 worst cases of nepotism" list.

what a time we live in when someone like this joe swan-whatever the hell is considered a good filmmaker...or even a filmmaker at all! where are the new crop of filmmakers with brains and talent??? we need them bad, and to hell with mumblecore!this movie is about nothing, just as the characters in the film stand for nothing. it's this horrible, so-called gen y, that is full of bored idiots, some of which declare themselves filmmakers with out bothering to learn anything about the craft before shooting. well, orson welles was a filmmaker. john huston was a filmmaker. fellini was a filmmaker. dreyer was a filmmaker, etc. current films like these show just how stupid young, so-called "filmmakers" can be when they believe going out with no script, no direction, no thought, no legit "camerawork" (everything shot horribly on dv), no craft of editing, no nothing, stands for "rebellious" or "advanced" film-making. nope, it's called ignorance and laziness or just pure masturbation of cinema (and there actually is an in-your-face "jack-off shot," so be ready). look at the early films of any accomplished "indie" filmmaker: linklatter, morris, allen, lynch, hartley, jarmusch, jost, lee, or herzog...none made anything as tedious and aimless as this, yet swan-whatever the hell, is still going to sxsw every year and hailed as some kind of gutsy, new talent. it's crap! i can't imagine anyone liking this, and everything else this so-called filmmaker has done (all seen by me) is just as bad (the newer stuff clearly made to appeal to a more mainstream audience, one of the sitcom calling). steer clear, unless you're a friend or family member of those involved...on second thought, if you're a family member or friend you'd probably be embarrassed to see a family member or friend in such compromising situations...utter garbage. this isn't art. this is the ultimate opposite of it.

the cowboys could leave you a little sore in the saddle. definitely not one of johns best movies. don't get me wrong, with any john wayne move there is always some good spots. and this one has it's fair share. but over all the picture moves slow and just doesn't live up to the aspirations it could have been. bruce dern again does an outstanding job as the villain. roscoe lee brown is another bright spot in the movie. the kids in the movie were average but could have been cast better. this would be a good movie for the eight to fifteen year old movie goers.this would be a good family move to watch with your children. just be aware, there is a couple of scenes that you may want to take a look at before you let the young ones see it. but most kids that i know who have seen the movie like it. maybe it's because they get to see kids their age do all the grown up work.

camille 2000 aspect ratio: 2.35:1 (panavision)sound format: monowhilst visiting rome, an amorous nobleman (nino castelnuovo) falls in love with a beautiful young libertine (daniele gaubert), but their unlikely romance is opposed by castelnuovo's wealthy father (massimo serato), and fate deals a tragic blow...a sexed-up love story for the swinging sixties, adapted from a literary source (alexandre dumas' 'la dame aux camelias') by screenwriter michael deforrest, and directed with freewheeling flair by radley metzger who, along with the likes of russ meyer and joe sarno, is credited with redefining the parameters of 'adult' cinema throughout the 1960's and 70's. using the scope format for the last time in his career, metzger's exploration of 'la dolce vita' is rich in visual excess (note the emphasis on reflective surfaces, for example), though the film's sexual candor seems alarmingly coy by modern standards. production values are handsome throughout, and the performances are engaging and humane (castelnuovo and gaubert are particularly memorable), despite weak post-sync dubbing. though set in an unspecified future, enrico sabbatini's wacked-out set designs locate the movie firmly within its period, and piero piccioni's 'wah-wah' music score has become something of a cult item amongst exploitation devotees. ultimately, camille 2000 is an acquired taste, but fans of this director's elegant softcore erotica won't be disappointed. next up for metzger was the lickerish quartet (1970), which many consider his best film.

what a disappointment... admittedly the best of the prequels, but the story is weak, the plot is rushed and the end result is just a collection of set pieces, poorly realised and tacked together amateurishly. there are numerous continuity errors that clash glaringly with the original films, and the emergence of darth vader was handled so terribly that what could have been a legendary moment in modern cinema is now instead a cheesy goof that will be ridiculed for many years. i won't complain about the abysmal dialogue, as this is star wars... the original three films had style, cult feeling and cracking stories, and the strange dialogue added charm. the prequels were shallow attempts to make more money, and this lack of love shows in spades. utterly disappointing.

this kind of storytelling is unacceptable the only reason this film is anywhere above the 5 stars out of 10 line is because it's got george lucas behind it, and it has the words "star" and "wars" in its title. that is an insult to aspiring filmmakers, and many others out there who have made clearly superior films with superior story, writing and acting, but did not get the credit. this is a travesty.first things first. the story. anakin's evolution? there is none. apart from a little make-up around the eyes, and a little yelling, there is none. he becomes young, stupid, cocky anakin skywalker to darth vader in a single blow. the only thing consistent about darth vader in the original series was his intelligence, how good he was at almost everything he did, planning, fighting, you name it. the only consistent thing about anakin that is perceived in the prequel trilogy is his consistent stupidity. he even loses his body because of a bout of stupid cockiness.what part of the emperor palpatine telling him legends of the sith does not point to the emperor being a sith? unacceptable!the fight scenes used too many digital doubles. everyone's flying all over the place like teddy bears in a make-believe doll house. count dooku, emperor palpatine, anakin, obi-wan, almost every fighter had a rubbery digital double jumping around.in one specific fight scene, obi-wan and anakin in the climactic battle, they both actually stop in the middle of parries and ripostes, to twirl their sabers a few times while inches apart. i realize the fights are choreographed, but that just got me shaking my head in disbelief and disgust.the writing was awful. all the dialogue was of tremendously low quality. the good actors like ewan mcgregor and natalie portman did the best they could with their lines, but that just wasn't enough. i can't say enough bad things about this film. too much special effects, plot holes bigger than the centre of the universe, and absolutely no insights into any of the characters. this is the biggest mistake of this film: nothing new is offered. we know the rough picture of everything, all lucas did was colour it in.we knew anakin lost his limbs. we knew luke and leia are brother and sister, we knew luke is anakin's son, we knew obi-wan and yoda go to exile, we knew everything. nothing new is offered in this film. if that's all the fans wanted, then that's fine, lucas couldn't have gone wrong.but when anakin finally becomes darth vader, and he asks after padme, and hears she is dead, he reaches out his arms awkwardly and screams "nooooooooooooooooooooo." that scene screamed b-movie all the way, and i was half expecting darth vader to go "danger will robinson, danger" at any time. that is what this is. a b-movie, disguised by a huge budget and a ultra-loyalist fan base that will settle with anything now that the first two movies have pulled their standards down to the pits of the earth.

revenge of the sith starts out with a long action sequence that is impressive without being terribly exciting, then gets really boring for the next hour and fifteen minutes, with the same horrible dialogue and dull machinations that have plagued the rest of the prequel series. the only thing that improves the proceedings is the slow--and i mean slow--build-up to what we know will be the birth of darth vader. and when that finally comes, it's pretty all right. not great. not even good. but pretty all right. this movie is being vastly over-praised because it does not suck to high heaven like the previous sequels. instead it's just turgid, dull, and routine. but you have to say, wow, those cgi environments are really impressive at times. bu the lightsabre fights? they're all a blurry mess. i think the dark side took hold of lucas when he started these prequels and no one noticed. this will make a ton of money, but thank god it's over, this once-worshipped franchise has been beaten down enough. i saw the 12:01 show, and after it, i heard a group of very small kids say, wow that was awesome! but everyone older than eight all grumbled the same thing: i fell asleep in the middle. it was kind of boring. i just thought seeing the birth of darth vader would be better. so said we all.

first let me preface this post by saying that i am a fan of the original star wars movies...i don't read the books, play the games, wear the underwear or eat the cereal (if there is one). i am simply a fan of the films.with that being said, i struggle to see how people are giving this movie such high praise. taking this movie by itself, and not comparing it to it's terrible predecessors (ep 1, 2), i don't understand how you can say this is an amazing movie. for all of the terrible shortcomings in the script - cheesy dialogue, contrived scenes (ie r2 suddenly being a badass, and long cgi intense chase scenes that have little human touch), horrible acting, and noted plot holes...how is this good? there was no real internal dilemma within anakin; it just seemed like a switch was flipped and he was evil all of a sudden. i was not interested in the movie until the last 20 minutes or so (which by the way was ruined by the "noooooo!" frankenstein scene). when you bombard the screen with intensely amazing cgi effects and fill in the gaps with absolutely atrocious one-liners when more could have and should have been said, this is not a great movie. for a film with such a "dark" tone, there was too much levity in the speech of all characters.i close with a question: from the beginning to the end of the film, was there really a sense of urgency and importance for what was actually about to take place?

ludicrous. angelic 9-year-old annakin turns into whiny brat 19-year-old annakin, who somehow seems appealing to amidala, 5 years his senior. now 22-year-old jedi warrior hero annakin has a couple of bad dreams, and so takes to slaughtering children, his friends, and the entire framework of his existence because a crazy old man convinced him a) his precious wife might really die, and b) only he can prevent this. ludicrosity squared.i think the people who like this movie are not paying attention. the story is ridiculous. the characters are unbelievable (literally, not the perverted sense of "fantastic", "wonderful", etc.).obi-wan kenobi was the wise and kind anchor for the entire series, but in the climax, he hacks off annakin's legs, lets him burn in the lava, and leaves him to suffer. doesn't anyone think that's a little out of character? not to mention it was pretty stupid to take a chance on him living, as it turns out.i was expecting at least a story that showed consistent characters with plausible motivations. none of that here. the story could have been written by a 10 year old.oh yeah, the cgi is pretty cool.

i'm trying to decide if jumping into a wood chopper would be more enjoyable than this dreck. it finishes the destruction of what was once a classic couple of films. with jedi, menace, clowns and sith we have the death of lucas' career. he wants us to swallow the annakin is vader nonsense? i never believed it was true. this film vindicates those feelings. the story hasn't worked since phantom moron, and each new film just piled the crap on until all that was left was a toy parade. i have to go. i know where some new rocks to throw are. you want spoilers? here they come. luke and leia are not related. vader is not their father. duke countoo should have switched sides while he still could. yoda has less verbal skills than yogi berra. his advice has never been any good to anybody. obi wan lied to luke for the first two films. annakin didn't build c3p0. he found him in the desert and lied to his mom about putting him together from scratch. chewbacca has fleas. this whole mess with vader and the fall of the republic can be blamed on that stupid b***h amma-lamma-ding-dong. if she had any brains she wouldn't have come within a light year of annie, but she had told do what george lucas wrote for her. what a dope!

to make a film straddling the prequels and the "real" star wars trilogy would tax even a great film-maker....mr lucas is not that film-maker.to portray the fall of a good man into darkness needs a good actor...mr christensen is not that actor.the first 60-80 minutes are overwhelmingly boring with only a few pockets of yet more light sabre fights but there is a lack of edge because you already know which main characters survive to the original star wars.count dooku (christopher lee) has a very fleeting role here and about the best idea is to have jar jar binks silent! no the film only picks up with the chancellor turning on the jedi and has one great (overlong) sequence at the lava falls

well, i finally saw it. i didn't go when it first came out because, well, frankly, i was afraid. afraid of how bad it might be, or how disappointing. while not as bad as menace, and better than clones, it wasn't particularly memorable, or satisfying.i was 11 years old when i saw star wars. i still remember sitting in the theater. from the opening crawl to the final credits it was a movie experience i'll never forget. a timeless story of the bored farm-boy who just knows he was meant for more, saving the princess and the galaxy from the evil menace while being mentored by the wise wizard, the rogue pirate and the various comic relief--all in a space-opera setting.and that's not to chastise lucas for using an old formula. it's an old formula precisely because it works. and to his credit, he gave it new twists that made it very special.then came empire and the story became more than just a fairy tale. darkness entered the picture and we learned one of the great movie twists of all time. the great villain, vader was luke's father. wow, no one saw that coming. of course, i'm convinced neither did lucas till it showed up in the screenplay. go back and watch star wars again. knowing what you know now, particularly in light of the first three episodes, see if it really meshes.which brings me to the problem i have. revenge is an entertaining movie--tremendous effects, plenty of action, some good fighting scenes. but a movie still lives or dies on its plot--the story it is telling. oh, certainly, really good acting can save a weak plot, but a weak plot coupled with bad acting--that's a burden no director can overcome, certainly not one as bad as i'm forced to realize george lucas is (the man has managed to direct some of the worst performances in their careers from some very fine actors--liam neeson, natalie portman, samuel jackson).*****spoilers ahead******** the plot. oh my. understand, he's already handicapped by what's happened in the first two films so it's an incredible burden. one too much for him to overcome.first we have the sheer absurdities of the background. we have anakin being found as a child on tatooine, the product of a virginal, miracle birth--the "chosen one". well, this detail never gets remotely explained. indeed, the closest explanation is yoda's observation that maybe they were wrong. oh, well, okay then. our mistake.now, this same wunderkind turns out to be the creator of c3po. hey, what a coincidence that is. and he'll come back to tatooine and never know he was from there? wow! how about that. testing the old willing suspension of disbelief there, eh george? anyway, we have this bratty kid, moody, petulant, whining young adult, who must somehow become one of the greatest villains in cinematic history--the great tragedy of darth vador--the good guy who falls from grace, only to finally achieve redemption in the end.how, pray tell, does this happen? why, he has a dream that his wife will die in childbirth. now, sure, he lives in a star-spanning civilization that treats gravity like we treat gasoline, but does it occur to the "dark one to be" to maybe check with a physician cause maybe, just maybe, this futuristic society might can do something about this problem? why, no, the only thing he can think to do is go kill some children because the bad guy at the root of all the evil they've been chasing for two films tells him that he's got the secret to immortality.well, of course he does.sheesh.how can lucas expect us to watch such foolishness and be moved by it? how can anyone expect us to care? hell, why would anyone want this brat to be saved or redeemed in the first place. i wanted kenobi to kill him not because he was evil, but because he was pathetically stupid.oh, by the way, amidala finally dies. in childbirth. why? well, they don't know. the doctor, who is a droid and himself indicative of the incredibly high technology to which this society has advanced, offers only the conclusion of "she's lost the will to live". well, oh, okay, of course she has. maybe it finally dawned on her what a dweeb she was sleeping with.but here we are. we have kenobi present for all this. he knows of the birth of luke and leia. knows who their father is and knows what happens to them. knows, also, the role of both r2 and c3po. and yet, in several years, as luke approaches manhood and shows up with 3po and r2 (curiously, 3po's mind is wiped, but not r2's--why????) stating "i think these droids belong to you", kenobi, who knows that the protocol droid was constructed by the one he believed to be "the chosen one" and apprentice to the emperor himself, and who just happened to be built on this very planet, says "strange, i don't recall owning any droids".oh good grief.lucas simply made this up as he went along. once he introduced vader as luke's father, sadly, the story began spinning out of control because he didn't know what the story was. the plot of episodes 1-3 is simply incomprehensible. nothing palpatine did made any rational sense at all. and none of this ties into the story he originally told in star wars.it's an afterthought, and it looks it.i can't give this movie a high rating. it reminds me of triple x. a fun film to watch, but entirely forgettable. star wars will stand in my mind forever. thankfully, this one, and the two preceding it, will soon fade.

at one point, violet (lucy liu) tells neil (cillian murphy) that why she constantly seeks out for an adventure. she said "because i'm bore-phobic". it mean that she can't really get on with her life by doing some mandatory activities. well, i think her reason and the way this film go is very ironic. because "watching the detectives" is a cheer boredom. have any of these characters actually doing something exciting for once? neil is a geek who runs his own very small video rental shop. he and his other geek friends usually hang out around the shop and watching movies together while debating about them afterward. but neil's life is completely turned around when violet walks into his store. she's an eccentric woman who hides a little secret from him. anyway, after some dates, they decide to see each other. the problem is violet is a person who keep doing prank jokes on neil and can't really doing something normal, whereas neil is completely opposite to hers. the question is. is they are going to be in love at the end? you bet."watching the detectives" is a cliché romantic-comedy to its core. and they made it even worst by pretending to be something else. from the first couple of set-up, we know that neil is pretty laid-back guy who didn't really commit to anything. and then, violet enters the scene, looking all weird and annoying. so at this point, we all know that we're going to sit though all meaningless situations to find out how they're going to end up in the end. is it worth waiting for? i would say no.as i said, they tried to give something more for the audience. "watching the detectives" is trying to talk about commitment. to observe how far people go to reach for something they desire. we knew in the end that insane things that violet has done is all the test how far neil is ready to go to win her heart (or whatever). well, i think it is completely bullshit. this movie will end pretty quick if neil just said to himself "forget about it, that girl is one of a nutjob !" after collaborating with many great directors recently (danny boyle's "sunshine" and "28 days later", ken loach's "the wind that shakes the barley" and neil jordan's "breakfast on pluto" to name a few), it's pretty weird choice for cillian murphy to make a movie with one of broken lizard comedy troop, paul soter. by all means, he's not bad (as usual), but such a talent actor like him shouldn't be wasting his time in the movie like this. on the other hand, lucy liu is dreadfully awful as violet. her acting is a mess. i mean it's all over the place and so over-the-top. tony montana would have been proud.the last but not least mistake that movie made is a completely irrelevant title. you simply can't really connect a dot between the plot and its title; and then you will end up thinking that it makes no sense at all. in short, "watching the detectives" is pleasant if forgettable motion picture that you might have a chance to catch it on cable tv so quick that you couldn't imagine.bloodymonday rating: 1.5/4

lucy alexis liu and cillian murphy are both excellent actors, who can certainly rise to any acting challenge put to them.unfortunately 'watching the detectives (2007)' offers only one to both actors and audience alike: not to fall asleep during a mind-numbingly boring, very predictable and unimaginative story.'watching the detectives (2007)' tries very hard to be funny, but the comedy is forced, extremely poorly directed and embarrassing to the verge of complete ridicule.after a third of the film still nothing that may capture even the most willing audience, like the director's friends and relatives, is even hinted at, not to mention actually happening.i'm pretty sure everybody who liked it faked it or had to fake it like neil's ex-girlfriend did when he showed her an old b&w film she couldn't care less about. 'watching the detectives (2007)' is nowhere near category b, it falls somewhere between q & r, like -questions? and -repress the questions! the director knows what he's doing! well, if his goal was to bore the viewer to death, he has done a very good job!'watching the detectives (2007)' was a complete waste of time for lucy alexis liu and cillian murphy, bur please don't let it be a waste of your time!rating: 0 out of 100.

basically this is a pale shadow of high fidelity, which was a witty and wonderfully acted film with several truly winning character turns. watching the detectives has none of that.the premise of a video store geek swept off his feet by a quirky mystery woman is a good one but is never fully or adequately explored, thanks to a very weak script and the miscasting of the leads, not to mention the lack of any real visual story-telling style. i mean, this film is centered around movies, yet is itself incredibly uncinematic! that's a major failing right there.but the main problem is we simply don't care about the main characters because the script and the actors (murphy and liu) fail to make them true or sympathetic in any real way. so the film just becomes a series of episodes involving two people who seem, well, not terribly interesting.oh, yeah, another thing: for a romantic comedy? it's not funny. and the romance isn't terribly romantic, either.so avoid it. even at its 90-something minute running time it's just not worth sitting through...

i'm not even gonna waste time on this one; it's not funny, not scary, practically unwatchable and only occassionaly gory(the fx suck though(no pun intended)). this is a disclaimer; watch at your peril! ask yourself 1 question; are slugs scary?

just kidding! this was one of the worst movies i have ever seen! it was so bad though, that it was hilarious. my friend and i purposly rented it because it looked so bad. cheesy old horror flicks are always good for some laughs. the plot stunk, some of the voices were dubbed, the quality was horrendous. but i sure had a blast watching it!

is seismic activity with little or negligible results on the surface. so in that respect, imdb's average voting score is spot on.a spanish film made in the usa with third or fourth rate actors giving a kind of "falcon crest" dimension to the whole affair is a wonderful way to waste your time, as well as wasting the money of those who backed the project financially.the slugs involved are originals from asturias, northern spain, but as they were not allowed into the united states, plastic ones had to be made. however, chopping them up in the lettuce being used for making the evening dinner-time salad contrasts rather weirdly with parisienne music as well as a rather tatty array of other us forgotten hits (or misses if you have no idea who was responsible for composing it). the actors involved were also a rather tatty array, just suitable for a low-budget film which might be categorised as horrific, horrifying, horrible or just simple awful.as a result, the outcome is negligible on the surface, undetected underground, and about as attractive as chapter 17,000 of coronation street or the latest news from baghdad.

in all of low budget history. this movie has to be one of the worst. true ther are some humorous sides to the movie, but in general it was just plain awful. i just can't understand what person could not out run a bunch of slugs. i mean they have to be one of the slowest creatures on the planet. the only part worth while in this movie is the close up of a slugs attempt to bite the finger of a man. this was rather amusing.

this is definitely not one of lucio fulci's better flicks by any stretch of the imagination. the plot is pretty bad, a millionaire is murdered and his spirt calls upon his daughter to find out who did it. but the biggest problem i have with this (besides knowing who killed him within 10 minutes of watching the movie) was wondering why anyone should even care? the father comes off as being a really big jerk to everyone he came across (including the daughter who he asks to help him) which made it quite hard for anyone to care who killed him. but no one really watches a fulci flick for a good storyline, to do so would be like watching a porn for incredible script writing and acting. typically his movies try to compensate for this by adding excessive scenes of gore but even that is lacking in this movie. if you're looking for a good fulci flick, check out the beyond.

he really lost the plot with this one! none of his distinctive trademarks here at all, an uninteresting plot and completely terrible acting make this his worst film (in my opinion). even his trademark gore is gone, bar one scene in an operating theatre. oh well, at least his next film 'nightmare concert' showed that he could still shock when he wanted to...

more of a mystery movie with some gratuitous horror elements thrown in; mediocre overall.it starts with a woman having a nightmare in which her sex partner gets out of bed, goes into the room of her crying child, and kills it. she wakes up. then, that man is dying in a hospital, spitting up blood. his estranged daughter arrives, and he manages to contact her through her dreams (i think), and he wants her to find out who killed him before his body entirely decomposes in its grave.there's not too much mystery about who did it, or even how; most viewers will have figured that out long before it is revealed. i'm not sure the way he was killed would really have worked.anyway, the horror elements get in through: a gory autopsy, the recurring dream of the man killing the boy, a nightmare in which a plate of eggs turn into eyes which are then cut, and several shots of the decomposing man both in nightmares and actually in his grave.i was a little surprised to see a dedication in the end by fulci to clive barker! interesting.

action, violence, sex and coarse language are the things that the characters do during the whole movie. and everything they do is done without reason. mark l. lester is (un)known for his violent (without reason)movies (commando, the base). the story is weird but stupid. the actors play their stupid characters very well...i'm not telling they are stupid but i mean they are very bad actors. it's another low-budget unknown b series action movie. if you saw something like operation delta force, drive, the patriot, sanctuary or something like these bad movies from the same kind than misbegotten...don't rent it...and, by the way, don't rent any of the movies i mentioned....i give it 1and a half out of5.

routine suspense yarn about a sociopath (dillon) who gives his sperm to a clinic of human reproduction and starts to harrass the lives of the woman (antony) and his husband (mancuso). extremely predictable, far-fetched and with undecided tone all the way. don't lose your time with this one...make a baby instead!

i watched 3/4 of this movie and wondered why it got such horrible reviews here. it was fairly easy to watch (at 3am). it had good casting - kevin dillon's role of the sociopath serial killer was very believable - he was both charasmatic and chilling. the rest of the main characters weren't so bad either.this is your typical stalker/suspense movie. a married couple cannot conceive so they go to a fertility clinic for help. a sociopathic "genetic material" donor fixates on the recipients and, in typical stalker form, intrudes into their lives.as i said, most of the movie was fairly good.. we see "conan" grow more and more obsessed in raising his baby and creating the perfect family with the mother. of course things don't work out for him the way he planned. not a bad plot line.but, the last 15 minutes were just horrible. i am pretty tolerant with movies (especially at 3am!).. but, i was just amazed at how bad the ending was written. i actually scoffed outloud!all in all, not the worst movie i've seen, but i wouldn't be able to sit through it again (unless i skipped the ending). the only redeaming quality here was kevin dillon's role - - one of the best serial killers ever.try looking around at the other channels before watching this.. but, if nothing better is on, i'd give it a try.. =)

grand central murder (1942) dir: s. sylvan simon production: mgm this mediocre 'b' mystery was one of only five films released in 1942 with simon as director. surely he could have fit another red skelton film or two on his schedule! anyway, grand central murder is a shameless rip-off of the thin man films minus the wit, charm, and chemistry of the leads. we are treated to a paper thin plot that can barely support its 73 minutes, bad acting and weary gags.van heflin and virginia grey play nick and nora char--er, rocky and butch custer. he's a pi and she's his wife and sleuthing partner. they engage in "humorous" banter with each other. see? it's completely different already. heflin's the only one here who hints at bigger and better things, although he's real close to being a jerk in this. virginia grey was in another thin man, but again, let me stress, this film is nothing like that one, no sir. and just in case we start to think that this film is absolutely nothing like another film (say, the thin man) we actually like, sam levene pops up as the lead detective who's kind of dim and has to have van heflin subtly direct him toward all the important leads. hmmm.quickly, the 'murder' is that of bitchy schemer mida king, who likes to trade up on rich men until she finds an even richer one. she's played by patricia dane, who's like a c- version of hedy lamarr, until she opens her mouth and turns into an f. there's a whole array of wacky suspects, all with their own motivation for wanting mida dead. there's the society type, the tough talking dames, the thug, the ex-lover, and a shady theater impresario (tom conway, here saddled with the unlikely character name of 'frankie ciro'). roman bohnen plays a nervous, jittery type, something i believe he may have done before. millard mitchell plays an idiot cop who, in a running gag that won't quit, can't stop thinking about the piece of ass he's got waiting for him once this case gets wrapped up (that's right, millard mitchell, swordsman). finally, in a completely ground breaking method of storytelling, something we've never seen before, all the suspects are gathered up in one place where they tell their stories (as flashbacks) to the detective, as rocky takes mental notes, until eventually the guilty person is compelled to dramatically blurt out a confession.on top of the actual picture being a dud, i naively thought going in that there might be a couple of location shots of the actual 1942-era grand central, but alas, no. there's merely one very brief shot at the beginning. thanks for nothing, grand central murder. so, to sum up, a wee bit formulaic, but heflin was okay.*½ out of 4

i have to say this is an awful movie, for the mere fact that when you see this movie on the guide, it is listed as a documentary. as i watched it, i started laughing, thinking to myself, does this guy actually expect me to believe this is real? so i had to look it up, and now see that it is a movie, but now since it isn't a documentary, it is now a movie with bad acting. so, either way, it is pretty bad. i actually didn't make it to the end. i had to shut it off. i am a nyc police officer, and felt that someone was trying to mislead people into thinking this is a documentary, with the intentions of making money off of a terrible day for me and my coworkers. so, i took it a little personal. maybe i was blinded by that, and it isn't as bad as i personally think it is. everyone has their own opinion.

a blair witch-war movie that is as much of a letdown as bwitch was! the title says it all, save your money and your time and spend it on a good movie such as "once upon a time in america", "the shawshank redemption" or "enemy at the gates" (if you want to watch a great "war" movie) etc.this movie, if it were a baseball team and the major leagues were the pinnacle and single a was the rookies, then this movie was high school ball. it was filmed as if it were a high school drama club filming with their daddy's old camera. sure they went into a hostile area (to make a film) but i don't call that brave, around here we call that plain stupid! this is a pass all the way! now go watch it and then you tell me what you think.

this is a complete hoax...the movie clearly has been shot in north western indian state of rajasthan. look at the chase scene - the vehicles are indian; the writing all over is hindi - language used in india. the drive through is on typical jaipur streets. also the palace is in amer - about 10 miles from jaipur, rajasthan. the film-makers in their (about the film) in dvd bonus seem to make it sound that they risked their lives shooting in kabul and around. almost all of their action scenes are shot in india. the scene where they see a group singing around fire is so fake that they did not even think about changing it to afgani folk song. they just recorded the rajasthani folk song. how do i know it because i have traveled that area extensively. they are just on the band-wagon to make big on the issue. i do challenge the film makers to deny it.

i just got back from this free screening, and this "osama witch project" is the hands-down worst film i've seen this year, worse than even "catwoman" - which had the decency to at least pass itself off as fiction.in "september tapes," a "film crew" of "documentary journalists" heads to afghanistan - despite being thoroughly unprepared for the trip, the conditions and, oh yeah, the psychotic and ridiculous vendetta of their filmmaker leader to avenge his wife's death on sept. 11 - to track down osama bin laden.they "made" eight tapes on their journey, which now "document" their travels and, of course, their attempts to kill the terrorist leader. (the eight tapes, thankfully, all end at points significant in the narrative, which is convenient for a "documentary.")the psychotic, idiotic protagonist - who is given to long, significant speeches that he probably learned watching "macgyver" - cares nothing for his own life or the life of his innocent crew as he gets them further and further into danger through a series of completely dumb mishaps. i don't know why he didn't just wear a sign on his back that said "shoot me."the crew's translator, supposedly their sensible voice-of-reason, does little more than whine and gets baffled as the idiot hero leads them into doom. you wish they'd brought along someone on their trip to call them all morons.around "tape 4," i began rooting for the terrorists to shoot the film crew.

this is the worst movie i have ever seen. i was going to get up and leave at tape 4 but i stuck it out. i now consider myself a masochist! afghanistan? come on guys! who's the idiot who forgot to hide the sanskrit billboards? i thought the lead actor(george calil) was particularly inept. apart from the bad acting and over zealous camera shake, i thought using the events of 9/11 as a reason to make "larson the lunatic implodes, all over a screen near you" disgraceful and irreverent to the victims of 9/11. using a phone call from larson's wife, sarah, supposedly from one of the terrorist held planes on that day, was appalling. the camera shake didn't make me feel sick, that cold hearted stunt did.

amateurish in the extreme. camera work especially overwrought - documentary camera operators needn't spin around all the time.the script is truly inane, and the acting is even worse. on top of that, the story is disjointed and meandering - with some gaping holes in logic. at one point the lead wishes to get thrown in jail in order to rub shoulders with suspected al-quada operatives, and thus get an interview with osama. i found the story entirely unbelievable as a result of so many flaws. the "filmmaker"/lead role really portrays a rash, idiot frat boy. the only item of interest really, is that the filmmakers did in fact film on location. it's truly a shame they wasted their opportunity to make something interesting.who financed this crap?

well, basically, the movie blows! it's blair witch meets sean penn's ill conceived fantasy about going to iraq to show the world what the "war on terror" is really about. the script sounds like it was written by 8th grader (no offense to 8th graders); the two main actors over-act the entire film; they used the wrong kind of camera and the wrong type of film(not that i know anything about those things--but it just didn't look like real documentaries i've watched), and worst of all christian johnson took a great idea and made it suck. it reminded me of the time i tried to draw a picture of my dog and ended up with a really bad stick figure looking thing that looked more like a giant turd. i'd rather watch the blair witch viii, than sit through that again.

this movie fails miserably on every level. i have an idea, let's take everyone involved in this movie and ship them into a hot zone in the middle east. maybe if we're lucky they'll all be shot and killed and we won't have to ever have our time wasted by them again. did i mention that i have never been so bitter about a cinematic pile of crap in my entire life? my god, i can't think of anything i've ever seen that was this bad. i'd rather watch ishtar 25 times in a row than sit through 10 minutes of this sorry excuse for a film. if i ever happen to meet anyone who was involved in this film, i'll spit in their face and then beat them senseless. that's my two cents.

if it wasn't for some immature gullible idiot i know insisting that i watch this "documentary" i would never have seen this comedy! this film is full of bad scripting and laughable moments. one in particular is where the afghan police / soldiers arrest don larson for filming in the streets while they allow the cameraman to carry on filming his arrest and then drive away, still filming, presumably to his plush hotel. then there's the scene where a car crashes into another car which has been turned upside down and parked nicely on the side of the road without any evidence of it being in a crash or explosion.i am surprised this has currently got the rating it has (5.8 / 10). i thought imdb users had more sense.

i watched the first 15 minutes, thinking it was a real documentary (with an irritatingly overly dramatic "on camera" producer).when i realized it was all staged i thought "why would i want to waste my time watching this junk??" so i turned it off and came online to warn other people. the characters don't act in a believable way. too much immature emotion. for a guy to travel half way around the world into a war torn country, he acted like a kid. and i don't believe it was because "his character was so upset about the trade center bombings".very trite and stupid.have you seen "city of lost children"? french dark fantasy film about a guy who kidnaps kids and steals their dreams... i liked it!

i thought before starting with these movie that it might be a good one, but when i started with it i found it really awful. they said movie is being made in afghanistan but i think 95% of the movie is shot in india. you can see indian made cars. you can see lars drinking bisleri(an indian water brand), hindi written on the road, you can also see temples in afghanistan *hahah* its really funny and many more stuff which proves its not shot in afghanistan. i think one should not waste his/her time watching this movie.. pure time waste.. i would recommend to do something else instead of watching this movie or may be might heart is better idea but don't watch this waste of time

i went into this hoping it would be the "thought provoking" little gem people have reviewed this as. i love indy films and expected to dig this too. knowing what a hot button this topics is i expected to be really entertained, maybe even see an outsiders perspective.all i can say is wow....if your into self torture, or mutilation then maybe you'll like this. personally i don't like the idea of being pee'd on or cutting myself so i thought it was garbage. bad script, bad acting, bad story, bad directing, bad editing....i could go on. i have no clue why a reviewer claimed he or she was making a political point by giving this movie a 10. that's misleading and ignorant. voting for a movie on imdb isn't setting a precedent! it just lets other people think that a garbage bomb like this is ok to watch as long as it's controversial (this film is not, it tries very hard to be but fails). you know the movie is bad when 15 minutes into it your praying that all main characters die horrifically. unfortunately they do die, but not in the painful manners that would have given the viewer some justice or vindication for having watched the 2 hours of crap they just endured. do yourself a favor, just don't even bother. i got this movie in a bargain bin at my local video store for .50 and feel ripped off!

the movie was completely misleading and the bonus material confirmed my impression that it was a rip-off of joeseph conrad's heart of darkness ,the river is replaced by a road and the boat becomes a jeep and walter kurtz is osama.the claims made on the outside of the dvd box was overt fraud totake this fabricated death of a journalist and present it as factualwhile some portions have muslims supporting the 9/11 attacks for the usa's treatment of muslims around the world .i alerted the video store that the movie should be removed from their "documentary" section and be placed in the war-drama area for quasi fictional accounts of actual events.

what a terrible film. it sucked. it was terrible. i don't know what to say about this film but dinocrap, which i stole from some reviewer with a nail up his ass. ahahahahahhahahahahahahahahahhahahahahahahah!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! sigh.. it's not roger corman that i hate, it's this god-awful movie. well, really? but what can you expect from a movie with homoeric computer graphics. which is another thing, the cgi sucked out loud; i hate this movie dreadfully. this is without a doubt the worst roger corman b-movie, and probably the gayest b-movie too. it's-it's--- dinocrap! i'm sorry, i must have offended some nerds in these moments. it's just an awful movie... 0/1,000

this is the first non-zombie subgenre review ive done but this movie is worth doing a review for. dinocroc is a good movie in general but unfortunately it is still an obvious b-movie. the dinocroc itself looked great but i thought the movie itself needed a little bit more weight as in action and violence because whenever the croc is shown or is in a fight scene not very much goes on except the croc is shown and the croc either kills or runs off in a repeated process. jane longenecker was hot which is a plus and the acting was better than average and the most surprising thing is that the croc looked fleshy instead of like a cartoon coughs* curse of the komodo*coughs. i enjoyed this movie enough to be glad that there is going to be a sequel which is more than what i can say about some movies in general. overall 3/6 stars and worth a watch.

now i myself am a lover of the b movie genre but this piece of trash insults me to no end. first of all the movie is starring lizzy mcguire's brother as the annoying little kid that goes looking for his lost 3 legged dog. now please what kind of dumb ass mistakes a three-legged dog for a god damn mutated crocodile please i ask you? and heres another point for pondering, why do they show the dinocroc on the back of the movie box being enormous and actually in the water? i believe if memory serves the thing spent about 2.6 minutes in the water and was just shy of 6 feet tall, that was a heart breaker. but redeeming qualities to this movie were that it was so bad that i almost died laughing because believe me the bad acting made me wish for death. but the fact remains that once again this thing is created by another military testing site to train super crocodiles for military combat or something like that from the source of all things evil e.v.i.l corporation. and let's not forget the characters let's see we have jerk off #1 as the male lead and half way decent chick (who doesn't know how to act) as the female lead to that i say wow! the only thing worse then the acting was the end of course the heroes spend about what seems like 2 hours talking and planning some long elaborate way of killing the dinocroc only to have it fail and kill it in an ordinary way that could have taken about 15 seconds to come up with. all in all this movie was beyond gay with its random opera music in the background and the fact that it was probably the gayest of all cgi monsters ever made along with the fact it of course was impervious to bullets and bombs (otherwise it wouldn't have been made for the military duh!). by far the best scene was when lizzy mcguire's brother runs into the shack and the dinocroc eats him causing his head to pop clean off with a popping noise i might add. i believe that you would be better off shooting yourself between the eyes then to watch dinocroc. and as for the director i believe that we should get a bunch of people to hang him by a noose and all take turns kicking him in the crotch for wasting an hour and a half of our lives until he finally dies and then i can go on living.

a large part of the scenes should be cut off. there is a lot of scenes that should have been cut off. for example the scene where the hunters mentions "i got spiders on my dick", "i like dick", playing in the mud scene, or a bar scene where a professional dinocroc hunters main job is a snake charmer.how about other terribly incoherent scenes featuring a woman, diane who wants to loose her virginity to a boyfriend who walks like he wears women's panties three sizes too small. while they make love, didn't they realized they are making it out next to the little boy who will soon run away and loose his head? why did they do in a living room? i mean his head really flipped. how about the beach scene very reminiscent of steven spielberg's jaws scene at grant lake. all these strange scene could easily be re-dubbed and billed as a comedy.here in my local town, the cineplex theaters had been advertising for months about dinocroc, and i am glad i didn't watch it because i later found out it was shown only for 1 or 2 days before it was canceled. the movie was that bad. i suspected that dinocroc was not a good movie looking at the preview. it features the leg of dinocroc that looks like a child wearing green pajamas and slippers with claws and walks up and down like a 2 year old. it could easily passed over as baby geniuses.if any students of movie making wants to learn what not to do this is a real classic trash. such as diane's boyfriend who walks like he had an advanced case of syphilis makes you wonder what the poor woman sees in this guy who looks drunk even before he get to drink beer. when this happens, who cares about dinocroc? the panties man looked more more interesting than the entire movie of dinocroc. his acting was so bad, he makes a much better replacement for mr. bean. move over rowan atkinson, here is a man with a better comedic talent in a horror sci-fi flick. perhaps the worse casting in the history of hollywood.

arg. the shuffling dinosaurs are back to take another bite out of our sanity in this all-awful third film. this time, european terrorists(irish i'd say) hi-jack an army convoy supposed to be transporting uranium. they pull into a shipyard, open the truck and discover our old friends the carnosaurs. pandemonium comes visiting then when the rubber dinos chomp the terrorists, the cops and some marines. the whole film seems to be (again) largely inspired from alien(as carnosaur 2 was) with the pathetic marines going through the "claustrophobic" shipyard? guns at the ready. this third opus is probably the driest and ungoriest film of the lot, with only one spurt of blood when a rubber dino rips a marine's head off. the dinos are stiff, shuffling creatures as usual and the t-rex sounds like an enraged elephant when it roars(it also appears to have no eyes). one of the goofiest scenes of the film is when the coppers arrive on the scene: they enter the building where the hijacked truck is kept and hear some weird noise coming from another truck. on opening it, surprise! the rubber reptile gang burst out and devour them. why were the dinos locked up in the second truck after escaping from the first? how did they get locked in as the truck door could only be locked from the outside? what was the point of filming this scene???? oh bother, who cares? both thumbs down for the over-sized rubber iguanas.

i haven't seen the first two - only this one which is called primal species in england. i don't think i'll be bothering to look them out though.this is an awful film. terrible acting, bad dialogue, cheap rubber monsters. everything about it is so nasty. the most sympathetic characters die really quickly and leave you with the annoying ones, especially one called polchak, who is an incredible jerk. no-one like that would survive 5 minutes in the army. he lasted for ages but i was pleased when he finally got his head got chewed off - i was having nightmares he was going to survive. the colonel was rubbish too - all moody pouts and clueless shouting. and the specky doctor looked and acted like she was out of a porno. i was waiting for her to take her glasses off, shake her hair and turn into a vamp, but she didn't. pity that, as it would've livened the film up no end.didn't roger corman used to make half decent films once?

ok..... this is the third in the series of carnosaur. lets star with the dinosaur puppets! in the start of the film you cant see the dino's cause when the body count starts you can only see the dino's eye vision, pretty smart to hide the bad puppets! and maybe in 16 minutes forward on the film some special force team with scott valentine as the leader rance, the team walks into the warehouse and then they begins to find body parts and dead body's after the dino rampage, after a while some big box comes failing on the team and you can hear a velociraptor scream, pretty creepy!!! and then a black girl walks forward and now one blooper is found! it pops up a raptor hand and slashed her face but if you pause when the raptor hand comes you can see that its just a guy with a hand puppet!? wtf! the story is simple. 1. some terrorist's attacks some truck cause they though it wash some weapons in there. 2. they where dead wrong it seams to be ten tons raptor and one giant t-rex in there! how did the t-rex fit in there??? 3. rance and some nerds will kill the dinosaurs! sadly some stupid blond girl told him to capture one of them alive=( 4. holy jesues the raptors have wheels on their feats! 5. the dino's is now on a boat in the pacific. 6: strange i didn't know that the t-rex had a strange thing on hes neck??? 7. the end. the film is good if you want a good laugh. 5/10

ok i had higher hopes for this carnosaur movie simply because it seemed like the sequels were getting better as they came out. i did like carnosaur 2 better than 1. i figured well this one is newer so it must be better right? well... i quickly learned i was wrong. i was extremely confused with the casting. they brought back rick dean for another spotlight character and michael macdonald as a police officer. now for rick dean lol, in carnosaur 2 i thought he fit the role pretty well and wasn't really annoyed by him, now in carnosaur 3 wow they placed him as an elite soldier. now we are getting goofy here. the movie actually started out pretty good with a decent gun fight and dinos escaping out of there little freezer trucks, but as soon as scott valentines team showed up we had a mix of a romantic comedy with very funny performances from retarded and floppy dinosaurs.i'll start with the raptors first, they had there tails drag the ground, which in the second one they were up in the air which looked more common for a dinosaur that can run up to 50-60 mph. now when they ran they wiggled back and forth and the heads didn't move at all. there hands were floppy all over the place and since they were extremely poorly shot by the director they looked stupid and out of place.the t-rex was extremely pathetic, they would of been better off using the one from the previous 2 movies. at least that one looked somewhat frightening. the one in this film looked like it was smiling all the time. the legs when it walked was hilarious, like it was john wayne in the old west all stiff legged and stuff. lol another thing i noticed is that the hands did not move, they were stuck next to its body so it looked and sounded (god the sound effects were awful) retarded!!! now if i was the director and realized that i had this to work with maybe i would of maybe tried a little bit harder to hide the fakeness fact. as for the rest of the movie, well this was the sloppiest and loudest military team i have ever seen. the weapons they used wouldn't make sense for the scenario. they even had an arm wrestling scene inside the warehouse where the carnosaurs were roaming, now i was tickled at this scene because i thought that while this stupidity was going on that the dinos would get in there and cause some damage. instead the director wasted about 7 minutes of our time. i would like to look at this movie as the 3 stooges of dinosaur movies. you have retarded military, retarded dinosaurs, retarded scenario and you have a wonderful 83 minutes to spend of your day watching this.now i'm not saying i wouldn't watch this, bc actually i do recommend everyone see this movie that wants 83 minutes of pure entertainment. it may seem like i'm ranting but really i'm hyping this movie up to what it is. its really a lot of fun to watch because while watching this you think to yourself, "did the director really make this seriously?"

antitrust falls right into that category of films that aspire to make some great point while being uplifting yet falls completely flat. i don't hate the film, but it is missing key elements, such as suspense. there have been other attempts to make an engaging film about computers, such as hackers and the net. they all fall short. the improbable ending of both the net and antirust seem to be nearly identical. these movie endings suffer from one huge error in perception: people in the pc business having this over-indulgent self ego that assumes the general population lives it's life waiting to hear the latest news about pc's and software. i have worked for many companies and industries, and they all seem to suffer from an expanded view of their own self-importance, as does this film.the way they introduced plot lines was pathetic. showing milo, who is deathly allergic to sesame seeds, almost ingest one from a restaurant breadbasket crossed the line of stupidity. only his 'girlfriend' prevented him from sure death. this makes one wonder how milo could have survived as long as he did, braving the perils of big mac buns and sesame seed breadsticks, as they cloak themselves as, well.... sesame seed breadsticks and big mac buns.antitrust also doesn't provide much suspense. the patterned and predictable plot twists are easily figured out long before they are revealed (come on, was anyone really stunned when yee jee tso was killed?), thereby destroying any real shock value. and here again we have yet another film/story where at the end, the bad guys are chasing the good guys to 'get the disk'. we need to have a moratorium on this simple simon plot line for about 20 years. still, i pressed on. maybe the ending would be the payoff, but no. the completely ridiculous ending where we have the head of company security, another supposed evil guy, turn around and be the good guy that enables milo to bring down n.u.r.v ceo gary winston was laughable. and of course, the news coverage of the arrest of gary winston is more fevered than when hinckley or oswald was brought into custody. gary winston, played by tim robbins, is a cardboard cutout of the same character robbins played in arlington road. but that fits perfectly here in antitrust, which should be called 'anticlimactic' or 'anti-original'.in the years to come, this film will likely be banished, to be shown only on your local third rate uhf channel.

i sort of accidentally ended up watching this movie. i'm still not sure if i regret it or not. i felt like i was watching the film made by that group of film school students that didn't quite make the cut. it plays up every hollywood cliché imaginable, all the while flogging us with the 'corporations are the ultimate evil' message. subtlety this movie does not know. as far as that goes, it even manages to provide it's own spoilers.the story appears to be a computer nerd's fantasy world come true. the lead character is an attractive teenage boy with a girlfriend, yet is a programming genius and apparent hacker (i think), among many other nerd-fantasy-come-true elements that you'll have to see for yourself.as well, i should've known it would be a z-movie when i saw ned bellamy... he tends to be a good tip-off.can't recommend this one, i'm afraid.

one more of extremely unprofessional movies about computer programmers.looks authors of that movie don't know real specific of programmers world.20 top programmers in the world, program which have own satellites (for what?), program which using satellite freq., somebody kill somebody to steal the codes (why?) and much more of stupid moments at this movie.peoples who not programmers not will see something awful at that movie, because not professionals on this. but peoples will see not real things.programmers will find that movie odd and awful - because lots of moments inside movie is not related real life (why movie not scifi in this case?).

obvious attack on microsoft made by people who don't appear to understand intellectual property or market economies generally.loony liberal tim robbins plays a painfully obvious caricature of bill gates, and is a cartoonish corporate villain ordering murders right and left.while microsoft may engage in some anticompetitive activity at times, it's unlikely they actually murder people. therefore, the film is over the top and ridiculous from the beginning.the "deeper" point is apparently that major tech innovations should be free to the public, and not subject to intellectual property laws. however, this ignores the fact that most major innovations would never have been developed if not for the market incentives (and rewards) provided by intellectual property.it's one thing to be opposed to anti-competitive conduct -- that's common sense. it's quite another to be opposed to market competition in the first place, which is what the film's mantra ("knowledge belongs to mankind") represents.yet another example of hollywood being completely out of touch with reality.

antitrust could have been a great vehicle for rachael leigh cook, but the director cut out her best scenes. in the scenes that she are in, she is just a zombie. she is involved in a sub-plot that is simular to a sub-plot in "get carter", but she handles the sub-plot better in "get carter".(i blame the director) the director's homage to hitchcock was corny. (it's the scene were ryan philippe's charactor realizes he may not be able to trust tim robbin's charactor, at least i think it's a homage to hitchcock. the dvd shows the scenes that were cut out. i think the director should have trust his instincts and not listen to the test audiences.

it was interesting to see how accurate the writing was on the geek buzz words, yet very naive on the corporate world. the justice department would catch more of the big corp giants if they did such naive things to win. the real corporate world is much more subtle and interesting, yet every bit as sinister. i seriously doubt any corp would actually kill someone directly; even the mod is more indirect these days. in the real world, they do kill people with nicotine, pollution, additives, poisons, etc. this movie must have been developed by some garage geeks, i think, and the studios didn't know the difference. they just wanted something to capitalize on the microsoft antitrust case in the news.

a terrible movie as everyone has said. what made me laugh was the cameo appearance by scott mcnealy, giving an award to one of the murdered programmers in front of a wall of sun logos. mcnealy is the ceo of sun microsystem, a company that practically defines itself by its hatred of microsoft. they have been instrumental in filing antitrust complaints against microsoft. so, were they silly enough to think this bad movie would add fuel to that fire?there's no public record i see of sun's involvement, but clearly the makers of this movie know scott mcnealy. an interesting mystery.

aldolpho (steve buscemi), an aspiring film maker, lives in a battered nyc apartment and relies on his mother to help make the rent. he has a beautiful neighbor named angelica (jennifer beals)who may or may not be married but who aldolpho would love to star in his movie. when al unexpectedly gets a financial promise of funding for his film from a strange man named joe, he thinks he's got it made. that is, until joe takes al along on an adventure to steal a porsche for part of the financial backing. will the film be made before aldolpho is completely without a moral backbone? and, will angelica star in the film? this is, in this viewer's opinion, an awful movie. the script is abysmal, with a plot that wanders willy nilly. beals practically snarls all of her lines and buscemi, though likable, is nondescript. there is a good deal of distasteful material and unsavory characters to boot. finally, the production values are very poor, too, making the film look second rate at all times. if you have time on your hands, it is still a good idea not to take a chance with this movie. but, if you are the proverbial glutton for punishment, go ahead and watch the darn thing. beals does look beautiful, after all.

how disney can you get? preppy rich girls act like idiots, buy a bunch of stuff, and get taught a lesson. is disney trying to send a lesson to itself? that maybe while buying everything it should maybe still be human? whatever the psycho-analysis, this movie sucked.the girls want a rich party for their rich lives. but then money disappears and they have to use their riches to get the milk plant (yes, milk) going to employ the workers. they keep it afloat until daddy comes home. and the man at the beginning, who appears to be the one that takes the money, is the one. but the ending is dumb. webcam in the cayman islands? huh? not worth my time ever again. but it is better than howl's moving castle. "d-"

i watched this movie really late last night and usually if it's late then i'm pretty forgiving of movies. although i tried, i just could not stand this movie at all, it kept getting worse and worse as the movie went on. although i know it's suppose to be a comedy but i didn't find it very funny. it was also an especially unrealistic, and jaded portrayal of rural life. in case this is what any of you think country life is like, it's definitely not. i do have to agree that some of the guy cast members were cute, but the french guy was really fake. i do have to agree that it tried to have a good lesson in the story, but overall my recommendation is that no one over 8 watch it, it's just too annoying.

this movie kind of reminds me of a mary-kate and ashley movie-only worse. just the rich sisters kind of thing i think even though alysons more the actress, in this movie amanda michalka was okay sometimes but alysons acting stunk. i think that after high-school musical they needed to come up with somethihng better and this definitely wasn't it. the story line wasn't that great and i think they should have gotten two other people to play taylor and courtney. i'm not a big alyson michalka fan and this movie didn't make me like her any better. i think they should definitely sick to singing and only watch this movie if you have nothing better to do (which sadly i didn't)

this movie is truly awful. after seeing the advertisement for it, i thought it could have its charms ... but it didn't.the girls cannot act, and they cannot sing either. the soundtrack to this movie is full of their songs, and its not a pretty sight, terrible story line, unbelievable plot, its one of disney's worst movies by far!. ally is not a bad actress on "phil of the future", so i don't know what happened in "cow belles". and her sister, aj, seems to be just hitching a ride on her sisters "fame", and she displays no talent what so ever.at the end of the movie the girls do finally learn some cliché morals, but this is to late to rescue this train wreck movie.awful

this movie was terrible to say the least. i was hoping for a lot better after seeing "high school musical". the whole entire movie was a complete rip off of "the simple life", only it wasn't a reality show.the acting was not good at all. amanda michalka had her moments, when she wasn't that terrible. on the other hand alyson michalka was bad all the way through. chris gallinger, who played the love interest of amanda was playing a french guy, but had an awful accent. one good thing about this movie was the completely adorable michael trevino, who played alyson's love interest. just something to keep in mind, if this movie had been aired before "high school musical" it probably would not have seemed as bad. but it was no comparison.overall i give it a 2.

russell hopton acted in many films until his death in 1945. he only directed 2 and "black gold" was one, (the other was also from 1936). frankie darro had a sometimes abrasive screen presence but in this he was playing a good kid. he was obviously quite popular on the "quickie" circuit - he made so many films. in this one he plays the son of an old oil rigger who is convinced that he will strike oil very soon.j.c. anderson (berton churchill) is trying to convince the old man to sell up as he knows there is going to be oil struck at any moment. a geologist, henry, comes on the scene and helps "fishtail's" dad. he also convinces "fishtail" to go to school regularly. henry has his eye on cynthia, the pretty teacher. this was gloria shea's last film - she had begun her career as olive shea in "glorifying the american girl" (1929). "fishtail's" dad is killed when the rig is sabotaged and henry is determined to bring anderson and his cronies to justice. when henry is kidnapped anderson tries to persuade "fishtail" to sell his oil lease. it all ends well with oil being struck and "fishtail" going to military school.it is okay for a rainy day.

ostensibly a film that predicts the coming trends in british popular music, it's wrong on so many fronts that it's laughable. tommy quickly? the honeycombs? the movie does include a song by the spencer davis group, two by the animals, and one tacked on live film of the beatles doing their live version of twist and shout (all 1:20). but all in all, an awkward display of british music circa 1964. oh, and herman's hermits.

not a movie, but a lip synched collection of performances from acts that were part of the british invasion, that followed the dynamic entrance of the beatles to the music world. some of these acts did not make a big splash on this side of the pond, but a lot of them did. featured are: herman's hermits, billy j. kramer and the dakotas, peter and gordon, honeycombs, nashville teens, animals, and of course,the beatles.it is so much fun watching these young acts before they honed and polished their acts.

why? why did they make this movie? if timothy olyphant wasn't shirtless in it several times, there would be absolutely no reason to watch this movie, ever. um...plot? nope. well-defined characters? nope. the only time i laughed was when my boyfriend made fun of the whole she-bang. p.s. andy dick? nope.

this film concerns purportedly non-establishment types (aesthetically and sexually) who apparently cannot resist basic romantic needs. although some excellent players take part, including jon tenney, timothy olyphant, and cynthia nixon, they are grounded by a puerile script which relies nearly totally upon clever dialogue; which isn't. nixon's role possesses the best lines, but she often homes in on them too quickly, a timing flaw which must be saddled upon the director. the grotesque climax utilizes every available cliche, spent or not, and fittingly ends this drab attempt at comedy.

my girlfriend has the habit of going to blockbuster and choosing movies no-one has ever heard anything about. admittedly, at times, it has led to some fun discoveries. often times, the best that can be said is they definitely run an hour and a half.she brought home "advice from a caterpillar." she was excited because the box said it was funny. lucky for us, the propaganda on the boxes never lie.this movie was an exercise in patience. this is one of those movies where, unless you are a pretentious and shallow person who likes watching movies about yourself, you will hate every character in the movie. until the introduction of the one nice character. which the lead annoying pretentious character will fall in love with and act in such a way that, in the real world, would drive anyone away.mild spoilers from here onso a bunch of emotionally vapid, stuck-up, pretentious artists swear off love and find success in their careers. then, they meet a nice, intelligent, emotionally mature and loving character (an almost perfect guy). we then watch the woman, the annoyingly pretentious artist (in her 30's?) freak out as she falls in love. so she tries to flee from the nice, intelligent, emotionally mature man and stay with the married man with whom she's been having great but empty sex. she is rude to the man and does everything in her power to drive him away. in the real world, she would have been quite successful. i certainly wanted to flee from her and i wasn't even in a relationship with her!although its nice that the man 'fought for his love', i never wanted her to have him. (nor did my girlfriend) she didn't deserve him. and, why i wonder, did the director think that the 'almost perfect guy' should be punished by having to win a relationship with her? when the artist was asking the 'almost perfect guy' to leave, we were screaming for him to leave too. there's a problem with a movie when the heroine of the film is so annoying, childish and stupid that you want her to fail.beyond that, let me say that andy dick made me laugh a few times even though his character was also pretentious to the point of annoyance. regarding the other characters, they were well acted, morally bankrupt and annoying characters.it is a comedy and i can say i did laugh a few times in the film. unfortunately, not much laughing happened until the last 10 minutes or so. but by the time i had those laughs, i had been praying for the movie to end for far too long. i needed to get these vapid characters out of my life.if you want to watch people you hate struggle with a love for people they don't deserve, then this is the movie for you.

a scientist (john carradine--sadly) finds out how to bring the dead back to life. however they come back with faces of marble. eventually this all leads to disaster.boring, totally predictable 1940s outing. this scared me silly when i was a kid but just bores me now. i had to struggle to stay awake! with one exception, the acting is horrible. such expressionless boring actors! hopeless.there are some good things about this: carradine, despite the script, actually gives a very good performance. and there are a few mildly creepy moments involving a ghost of a great dane walking through walls. there's also one of the worst-looking knockouts in cinema history. still, none of this is fun enough to sit through this. avoid.

i thought i read somewhere that this was the last monogram production, but whether that's true or not it doesn't matter, because if it wasn't, then it should have been. it's a deadly dull affair starring john carradine with some gray in his hair to make himself appear like an older scientist who is experimenting with the aid of his young apprentice (robert shayne) in bringing the dead back to life. every time their subjects are revived, they seem to have a whitish face like marble as they are lying strapped to the laboratory table (big deal). carradine manages to restore his faithful dog to life after it's dead, and the mutt gains an unusual ability to walk through walls in a ghostlike fashion (wooooooooohhhh). that's about all she wrote.for an ultra-cheap monogram quickie, this thing at least actually utilizes a more fancy-schmancy lab setup than is usually allotted. the funniest running joke in the movie is that the "older" doctor carradine constantly refers to his "young" assistant shayne as "m'boy" when, in fact, carradine was actually 40 and shayne was 45 when they made this!

this movie was absolute torture. first of all, it's a whopping 4+ hours long! true, the kargil war may have had several points that were captured and fought for, but every single one of those battles need not have been shown. so maybe this is a documentary, not a commercial film as advertised. sure didn't seem like it, as enough background information was not given and there were some flaws. the battle sequences were so poorly executed. i am terribly disappointed from the man who gave well done sequences in border. each battle was the exact same as the previous. it was so predictable. (this might be a spoiler.) the whole army marches uphill, five or so soldiers curse five thousand times each (they also use the same cussword every time), one of the lead actors is shot, someone yells for a stretcher, the actor says, "no, don't get a stretcher. that will take 6 men from the battalion," and then an actor dies. that exact same thing happens over and over and over again. oh, and the songs are so bad and so long. the cast of the movie is too big for its own good. despite such a long movie, none of the characters were well developed. the actresses had the most miniscule roles. they all are dressed and portrayed to be the same. two of them were weeping synchronized. it was so comical. they moved their hands and heads at the exact same time and then bit their dupatta together.the list just goes on and on. i know i'm still forgetting something . anyways, i think i have bashed the film enough that you get the picture.

i saw this movie with some indian friends on christmas day. the quick summary of this movie is must avoid. jp dutta wrote, directed, produced and edited this movie and did none of these jobs well.the movie tells the story of the attempt by pakistan in 1999 to capture part of the disputed region of kashmir from india. supposedly based on fact, you get a hint from this movie of the difficulty the indian army had in recapturing the area from the pakistani troops - who occupied the high ground. but instead of telling what must have been a compelling and heroic story, all this movie does is make the indian military look laughable and stupid, which i know is not true.i watched this movie with an almost completely indian audience, who were very patriotic and clearly wanted to like this movie, but also found themselves laughing at scenes that weren't meant to be funny.the script was absolutely abysmal. it gave the impression that mr dutta knows nothing about how an army operates and was using bad war movies for reference. the result is a script that is brainless and repetitive.the acting from most of the principals was not stellar, but considering the script they were given, i find it hard to criticise them too much. as for the supporting cast, all i can say is that i hope they were amateurs.the editing was also pretty bad. it was pretty hard to follow what was going on for a lot of the time, and music would abruptly end at scene changes.good things: the cinematography was pretty good, although it was hurt a little by the fact that the movie didn't appear to be colour corrected (the colour balance often varied significantly within scenes). also, the few songs that were in the movie were quite enjoyable - for the first half a dozen or so verses at least. unfortunately they went on a lot longer than they should have.and the worst crime of all? this mess is four hours long. there is enough here that a good editor could almost squeeze a good 1.5 - 2 hour movie out of what was shot. sadly, a good editor was not working on this movie.

i should put out an alert all over saying that the movie shouldn't be watched. it fails to a fitting tribute in such a magnificent manner that it is almost an insult to the memory of those brave men. the special effect were horrible, i hadn't expected the total failure on the part of the director to appreciate military technology. how can a machine gun which normally fires at the rate of 600 rounds per minute fire at 1/10th the speed? how can soldiers fall forward when a grenade explodes in front of them? how can people survive when there are artillery shells falling as close as 20 feet away? how come the artillery shells fall only on either side of the road and not the road itself?not only did this disrespect for the weaponry appall me, it was the cliched situations and the incongruity of the dialogues which had me screaming murder. there were the standard dialogues like ye bhi kisi ka bhai hai, ise laath mat maro and pakistan se jyaada musalmaan to hindustaan me hai and loc cross mat karo ye mera hukum hai. stupid to say the least.what shobha de had written is true. the director worked without a script and it shows. there is no flow to the movie. there is no gradual progression from one battle to another. it is just one gunfight after the next with no connection to the overall scheme of the war. the explanatory scenes are awful. the chief of army staff looks unconvincing. to make matters worse the theatre people had indiscriminately cut footage to fit the four hour long movie into 3 hours.

is this the movie??? is this what indians are trying to show?? i think this is one more effort from a sick-minded director to turn down pakistani soldiers and in fact country....but what we pakistani's know that we are always ahead of india in every part of our lives...not only in armed counters.well...this is bad filmed as that of border in early 1997...and director and writer just tried to overcome a shame of defeat in kargil by pakistani armed forces, by creating films like these..one thing is very clear...whenever there will be an encounter between pakistan and india....we will win....!!! so mr. dutta try to make some good movies instead of nonsense movies like this

now please don't start calling me names like, "unpatriotic" , "weirdo" and more .the very length of this movie (4 hours .. !!!) is its biggest mistake . no editing at all - seems like j.p. dutta fell in love with his project too much . even lagaan was 4 hours long - but it was entertaining and gave a message as well .it's based on true incidents and real people . kudos to it , but were the repetitive war scenes really needed ? on top of it the focus constantly shifted from one battalion / squadron to another and it was impossible to keep a track of them all .between the skirmishes , there were songs about loneliness , lovesickness and related stuff . there were chummy conversations . in the beginning it gave some relief from the violence but became so monotonous later that one could even correctly predict nature of the forthcoming talk .why were the soldiers walking around as if they were lions in jungle , fully unaware that enemy was lurking somewhere near? and when they were shot , it elicited sympathy but it seemed unmindful of them to be so cocksure of their safety in the first place .music was melodious and the lyrics were soulful but did not fit with the movie . better to listen to them on the soundtrack rather than in the movie .acting was the saving grace : from seasoned veterans like sanjay dutt and ajay devgan , to relative newbies like abhishek bachchan and akshaye khanna , everyone acted like a pro . manoj bajpai and ashutosh rana deserve a special mention for lightening up the mood whenever necessary .dialogues ranged from brilliant ("from madhuri .. with love!!") to illogical / monotonous ("pakistan se zyada musalman hindusthan mein hain") . and the expletive spree consisting of all the mcs , bcs , cs and f-words wasn't really required . loc kargil attempts to provide a fitting tribute to the brave indian soldiers , but tries too hard and ultimately fails . indian soldiers surely deserve a better tribute .

there are similarities between ray lawrence's "jindabyne" and his last movie "lantana"  a dead body and its repercussions for already dysfunctional lives. but whereas "lantana" offered some hope and resolution, "jindabyne" leaves everything unresolved in a bleak way that will leave most viewers unsatisfied, perhaps even cheated.the storyline - the aftermath of a fisherman's discovery of a corpse floating in a remote river - is based on a short story by raymond carver. it became an element in robert altman's classic 1993 ensemble "short cuts". lawrence uses this theme for an exploration and exposition of relationships within a small australian community under stress. the movie poses some moral questions "would you let the discovery of a dead body ruin your good weekend?" and more poignantly for australians "would it make any difference if the dead person was an aboriginal?" the acting, especially by gabriel byrne and laura linney, is commendable. and there are elements of mysticism reinforced by haunting music, not unlike "picnic at hanging rock".if all this sounds like the basis for a great movie - be prepared for a let down, the pace is very slow and the murder is shown near the beginning, thereby eliminating the element of mystery. and so we are left with these desolate lives and a blank finale.

nice attempt and good ideas (redemption of the prostitute, human beings helping each other out,...) but a poor result... the director obviously tried to emulate his french colleague tran anh hung by recreating an ambiance which is suppose to portray viet nam... the only problem is that this viet nam is long gone and when "the scent of the green papaya" had a historical background... trying to project this kind of ambiance (muffled sounds and the slow pace of life...) on modern days leaves a feeling of fake. besides it rapidly creates a sentiment of boredom and the outcome becomes too obvious.i can only suppose the action takes place in saigon or da nang because that is where harvey keitel, ex-marine in the movie, was probably stationed during the war... but in southern viet nam nobody or very few people speak with the clip northern accent displayed by the actors... seriously odd even for a bad vietnamese speaker.an old poet with leprosy...very doubtful (not a disease for people of his condition), a peasant girl who can read and write elaborate vietnamese poetry,... even more doubtful... 

here goes the perfect example of what not to do when you have a great idea. that is the problem isn't? the concept is fresh and full of potential, but the script and the execution of it lacks any real substance. it should grab you from the start and then pull a little on your emotions, get you interested and invested in the characters. this movie doesn't have what it takes to take off and sustain flight, and here is why. first you don't really care about the characters because they are not presented in a way that people can relate to, i mean this is not superman or mission impossible here, it's suppose to be about normal people put in a stressful situation. they are not believable in the way they act and interact. example : jeffrey combs as a cop over chewing is gum, frowning and looking intense all the time isn't the way to go here. i mean what is that?, he looks like he's on the toilet or something. i loved him in re-animator and the way he was playing the intense/neurotic, unappreciated medical genius was right on the money. but not for this, he tries too hard to over compensate by looking so intense and on edge but in a still mild neurotic manner, it's not natural, i'm surprised he didn't dislocate his jaw during filming. the movie is basically on life support, it barely has a pulse and it kept me waiting for something that would never come.

parasomnia has an interesting premises, but the story is poorly done without any tension or even a logical approach. the cast in unconvincing, even patrick kilpatrick, who played great roles in movies like scanner cop 2, open fire, under siege 2 and eraser. the rest of the cast is unknown (and not very good) with the exception of jeffrey combs. (herbert west from the great re-animator trilogy). but he can play roles like this in his sleep (which is a little what he does here). the main problem is that the actions of the characters make no sense at all. the story is rather dull and predictable with cheap computer effects mixed with some gory scenes, especially at the end.this could have been so much better, i do not get the good reviews on this one. it is below average really.

it's somewhat telling that most of the great reviews for the film on imdb all come from people who have only reviewed one film in their entire imdb career and yes you've guessed it, that film is "parasomnia". i've often suspected suspiciously good reviews on imdb for what turns out to be an anything but good films as underhand marketing , but it seems fairly transparent in this case.that's not to say parasomnia is terrible, but it stops well short of being the good or great film it had the potential to be.on the plus side, it has a great baddie in patrick kilpatrick who does a brilliant job projecting menacing and evil, i could easily see him having what it takes to play a truly memorable baddie on a par with hannibal lecter. there are some beautiful visuals in the dream sequences, in fact if the film had decided to explore that terrain more it might have been something better. the actual concept of devious misuse of hypnosis is great too.although i understand suspension of disbelief is necessary for immersion in any good story, it's the mark of a good story that it succeeds in letting you do that. if you find yourself being annoyed at what you find illogical or just plain silly, then the story is losing you and that's what kept happening to me with this film. other reviewers have mentioned this here and i don't want to get into spoiler territory, but i will say the setup at the ending was particularly ludicrous and disappointing, not too mention the varying mental age of a character that is only supposed to have experienced a few years of life.all in all, there is the germ of a great idea here in diabolically misused hypnotism, but sadly this film fails to realise it into anything special.

this film is very creepy indeed. unfortunately, not for the reasons the film makers would hope.there's a mastermind serial killer too, but he's not what's creepy either. he's just your standard comic book villain, a cross between hannibal lecter and freddie kruger, though with nothing particularly fresh to add to either. incidentally, for even the vilest and most reprehensible of criminals, can they be detained chained in a stress position, on their feet, arms outstretched 24 hours a day week in week out? i suppose in the world that gave us abu ghraib and guantanamo bay, anything's possible.no, what's really creepy about this film is the central character, danny. this unappealing young man, aided and abetted it's true by some ludicrously lax security arrangements and a doctor entirely careless of any notion of professional ethics or patient confidentiality, wanders into the hospital room occupied by what can only be described as a highly vulnerable and defenceless young woman, and on the basis of nothing whatsoever (her chronic sleeping precludes from being able to give anything like informed consent) imagines himself to have some sort of special relationship with her.seemingly within days, he has arrogated to himself the right to abduct her, believing (completely falsely, as we discover) that he is better able to care for her than anyone else, and within minutes of getting her back to his apartment, is sexually molesting her though she is (again due to her sleepiness) entirely unable to consent or resist.our suspicions as to why he would feel this connection are pretty soon confirmed. he is of course more or less unable to form any mature adult friendships, let alone sexual relationships, so instead falls back on this essentially infantilised woman, who because of her permanent sleeping has a mental age corresponding to a lived experience of only a few years. the scene where she discovers ice cream is particularly cringe-making, and the coyly knowing look she gives him when he gloatingly says he'll have to clean her up again causes a particular shudder of horror. but again, i'm afraid, not that shudder of horror the film makers were hoping for, but a much more straightforward spasm of revulsion. we can all see clearly what's on the end of our forks here - it's the paedophile's perfect dream of innocence, sexual compliance and utter dependence. horrible, horrible, horrible.what else have we got in this mish mash? twisted dreamscapes not quite as good as del toro. the compulsory "you need to go to the police" argument, where the lead character always has a reason for not doing so even though it's the only sensible course of action. the automaton sequence, much praised in the comments here, though completely and utterly pointless ("it serves no function!", as sigourney weaver memorably protested in galaxy quest) and looking to me just like the abominable doctor phibes rehashed in one of the saw derivatives.jeffrey combs does his best though, so a star for that, and a couple more because you have to keep lower rankings for films that are even worse than this, and in general this is well-shot and competently performed.

i watched this movie after seeing other comments on imdb, even convincing my wife that it was a "unique horror movie." i wanted to like this movie, but was unable to.the "love story" was good, but the horror aspect was quite bad. if the story was just about a young man who fell in love with a girl suffering from parasomnia, then it would have been a better movie.the care centre stretched credulity well past the limits, in fact it was quite ridiculous. the doctor happily ignors privacy laws and professionalism. a nurse goes into a room for a routine feeding of a dangerous patient (without security escort), and drops the tray and runs out of the room screaming for no apparent reason. the forensic patient (and the film's villain) is tied up in a standing position fully clothed - apparently for years? none of it makes much sense.the movie even had some actors that i've liked in other things, such as the detectives, but still i can't recommend this movie.

i watched this knowing almost nothing about it, other than the brief description i read here. after watching it i was originally going to say that the director shows promise but seems kind of amateurish, then i looked at the other stuff he's done to see if this was his first or second movie, but no, he did house on haunted hill and fear dot com. he sort of missed the mark on both those movies and it was the same with this one.the story was pretty awful too, could someone just fall in love with a girl because she's pretty but has the mind of a child? i gave it a 3 because there were some visuals that i rather enjoyed near the end but as a whole this movie is pretty terrible.

in the tower of babel installment of the mini-series, the narrator describes the builders of the tower as "the descendants of moses."that's like saying george washington lived many centuries before alexander the great.or that the light bulb was invented before the wheel.or that the guided missile was the forerunner of the bow-and-arrow.need i say more?the writers of the greatest heroes of the bible should have at least paid closer attention to the chronologies of biblical people and events.

this u.s soap opera, 'knots landing' has all the entertainment value of being trapped in an elevator. every episode contained plots such as rape, murder, kidnapping and drug smuggling, not much different to the plots of other drama shows of the period. as for the cast, i've seen better actors on a cereal box. from the mid to late '90's, repeats of 'knots' stunk up u.k-gold like a mountain of mildewing nappies. i regret to announce that i had to suffer this as my mother was a huge fan of the show and would watch it religiously. though since then, re-runs have been few and far between (let's hope it stays that way). the only positive thing that can be said of 'knots' is the catchy saxophone signature tune, later used as the title music for the i.t.v sitcom, 'the upper hand'. great legacy that, eh?

somewhere, buried very deep inside this film is a half-way decent movie trying to get out. the only traces are a few early scenes in los angeles (in a bar and a graveyard) and thereafter a couple of pieces of production design. like i say, buried very deep. one of the biggest challenges faced by movies involving the supernatural is how to have characters react believably in unbelievable situations. annie mcenroe's reaction to being told that her sister (presumably dee wallace from the first movie) is (was?) a werewolf is, if i recall, along the lines of; "oh! really?". not one of the better responses to said challenge. the non sequitirs continue as the story moves to trannsylvania in search of stirba the (apparently self-appointed) "queen of the werewolves". as stirba, sybil danning is the two best things in the movie. yes, even better than the werewolf group-sex scene, reb brown's acting, and the oddly simian-looking werewolf suits. the end credits have assumed minor legend status and are available in all their glory (at least until the censor finds them) on youtube. check them out to see why and remember, the whole film makes about the same amount of sense. if you happen to catch this on us television the credits have been re-edited to replace the endlessly repeated shot of danning ripping off her top with another endlessly repeated shot of her ripping open a cloak only this time she has some kind of top on underneath. it's a sort of absurdity, cherry-on-top moment which defies satire.

this is a pretty bad movie. but not so bad as it's reputation suggests. the production values aren't too bad and there is the odd effective scene. and it does have an 80's cheezoid veneer that means that it is always kind of fun. watch out, too, for jimmy nail's brief appearance - his attempt at an american accent is so astoundingly rubbish it's fantastic. fantastic too are sybil danning's breasts - they make a brief appearance in the movie but the scene is repeated umpteen times in the end credits in what can only be described as the 12" remix of sybil danning's boobs. has to be seen to be believed. as a horror movie it isn't scary, the effects are silly and christopher lee turns up to sleepwalk through his performance. i guess he was buying a new house and needed some cash for the deposit. the two central characters - the man and the woman - were so negligible that i have forgotten almost everything about them and i just watched this movie earlier tonight. the werewolves are noticeably less impressive than in the original movie, in fact, bizarrely, they sometimes look more like badly burned apes. the eastern european setting is quite good and the music provided by the new wave band babel, while being pretty terrible, does at least give the film some added cheese.overall? good for a laugh. not good quality but did you seriously expect it to be? and, at the very least, you've always got sybil's knockers.

now this film isn't going to scare anyone, but it was interesting for two reasons - two big reason and a smaller one- well, that's three reasons, isn't it.the first reason this is interesting is the special effects. i found them to be quite interesting and somewhat spectacular. to see the hair growing on marsha a. hunt and sybil danning was creepy, especially when they were participating in a ménage à trois.of interest, is the fact that this marsha hunt is the famous "brown sugar" of the rolling stones song, and that she was in the infamous nude scene in the london cast of the rock musical hair.besides the special effects, there were two other points of note in this film, and they were brought out repeatedly during the closing credits. i lost count, but i swear that sybil danning bared those points for us in the closing credits at least a dozen times and maybe many more. theyu were the most outstanding feature of the film.

i have always been somewhat underwhelmed by joe dante's original the howling (1981)  so i wasn't particularly interested in checking out any of its sequels; some time ago, i did catch howling iii: the marsupials (1987)  by the same director as this one  and found it to be watchable but nothing special.the second instalment, however, has quite a bad rep and i knew i'd have a good time watching it  if mainly to wallow in the sight of dear but pompous horror icon christopher lee squirming in the midst of it all (the gracefully-aged star has pathetically asserted a number of times in interviews that he hasn't appeared in horror-oriented fare since his last picture for hammer films back in 1976!). anyway, this film should have borne the subtitle "your movie is a turd"  being astoundingly inept in all departments (beginning with the all-important werewolf make-up)! the plot (and dialogue) is not only terrible, but it has the limpest connection with dante's film  strangely enough, the author of the original novel gary brandner co-wrote this himself! still, one of the undeniable highlights (er...low points) of the film is the pointless elliptical editing  which tries to give the whole a semblance of style, but only serves to accentuate its embarrassment factor! similarly phoney (and grating) are the hokey transitions between scenes, the inane punk-rock theme song, and the cheapjack special-effects at the climax! what about the characters, then?: lee is the werewolf expert, naturally, whom everybody thinks a crackpot  until they come into contact with the monsters, that is; at the very least, though, one has to admire the makers' ingenuity (or gall) in devising a stupid subtitle with a dual meaning! incidentally, sybil danning (as stirba, werewolf bitch  the subtitle by which this is known in the u.k.!) is quite fetching in an assortment of outrageous s&m outfits...but her character is virtually given nothing to do (except preside over her brood of followers and engage in the occasional hilarious three-way lycanthrope sex!); her two snarling lieutenants (one of them a sluttish black girl) are especially irritating.aiding lee on the side of good are the two yuppie heroes (he being the brother of the dee wallace character from the first film and she a colleague of hers) and a ragged guerrilla-type band of transylvians (still, they generally manage to effortlessly overcome danning's rather dumb werewolves!). notable among them is a knife-throwing dwarf who gets a particularly nasty (but, at the same time, side-splitting) demise; he's later revived, under stirba's control, in order to lure lee (by making childish taunts at him all through the village streets) into a trap. the latter scene has to be a career nadir for the distinguished and imposing actor  well, either this or the early sequence in a discotheque where lee is made to don a pair of ultra-cool sunglasses so as to appear inconspicuous among the partying youngsters!in the end, if i were forced to mention elements in this which weren't entirely displeasing, i guess i could say that the ossuary set (in which the heroine is to be sacrificed) is interesting, or that the hybrid werewolf/bat creature (danning's pet who likes to 'inhabit' the body of its victims) is just too weird to be despised...

to be honest, i didn't watch all of the original 'howling', but those scenes i saw made it obvious that the first howling was a great movie. so great, that seven horrible sequels had to be made. they started off with "howling ii: your sister is a werewolf". i got this movie on vhs from my uncle sometime ago when he was giving away a bunch of old movies he bought back when atari was brand new. i just watched it last night, and it wasn't really bad, it was just weird. i mean, the whole thing with sybil danning going three-way with two of her werewolf minions was just out of place and quite disturbing (but kinda hot), christopher lee about to stab a dead karen as if she's a vampire, etc. actually, this movie was actually like some sort of mish-mash of dracula and the lost boys...except with werewolves, because everything christopher lee (whom played dracula himself) was saying about werewolves pretty much ripped off from every other vampire movie (stake in the heart, garlic, the creature of the night must die at night, and the ruler of werewolves lives in transylvania). not much for the acting, but the worst of it came from annie mcenroe. i swear, at some point in the film i found myself rooting for the werewolves to rip her throat out, because that damn throat always had to say something. anyway, the plot is pretty silly and clichéd, so there's no real point in telling you, you could just read about it on wikipedia. by the way, the thing that really makes me nauseous about this movie is the fact that it's the only film out of all the seven sequels thats related in any way to the original (not counting howling iv (1988), which was a remake of the original, or in other words, a sequel based on the same novel). so don't see this movie. there's no real horror, hardly any werewolves, and just horrible special fx. 3/10

in the first howling, we are introduced to a world where werewolves exist and are somewhat organized. the plot in that film made some sense; a tv reporter investigates this and attempts to uncover the truth. she ends up having to kill many of them including her boyfriend who becomes one. then she shows the world that they do exist by transforming on live tv. the special effects were just laughable in the first movie and they don't get any better in this one. whether it's the transformations or the bad puppets or the cheesy computer graphics showing the superpowers.the plot line isn't all that bad; they must kill the leader of the werewolves for some reason. this won't destroy all werewolves and it really doesn't end the threat from werewolves as it...they just want to kill her. i think there was some cloudy reason for this but it really gets lost in the film.after the film "ends" we have a 10 minute montauge of the movie we just watched and every other scene is one where the female werewolf leader rips off her top exposing her large breasts while some devo-esquire band plays to a crowd of werewolves. the only thing that makes this movie even watchable is christopher lee.

we had starz free weekend and i switched on the station to see what was on . it was this movie howling ii: the acting was terrible but the eye candy was great. sybil danning and marsha brown as the afore mentioned eye candy. i was laughing a lot from the few scenes i saw.my friends wonder why i never want to go to horror movies , if they saw this film they would know why. i would get thrown out for laughing so hard.just a couple of trivia notes : reb brown who played ben white had played captain american in a made for tv movie marsha brown was mick jaggers inspiration for the song "brown sugar" mick has great taste in women for sure.

yes, the first "howling" was a classic. a rather good werewolf movie that i admit started slowly, but gained momentum along the way to have a rather good finish then the anchorwoman changed into a cute werewolf only to be gunned down on camera. yes that made for an entertaining horror movie to be sure...well forget all of that as this movie has nothing to do with that film. oh sure, they kind of make it out that the anchor woman is the same and that her brother or something is wanting to find out what and why things went down as they did, but they go from the little cozy retreat from the first movie to transylvania or somewhere here where they must battle evil magician werewolves or something. i often wonder what in the world christopher lee was doing in this movie, however i read the trivia here where it says he had never been in a werewolf movie before, but still read the script before you take a role. maybe you could have gotten into "an american werewolf in london" hell that could have been possible. it was set in london after all. heck, werewolves do not seem to figure much into this movie except for a rather bizarre and prolonged sex scene. in fact, the most memorable death in this movie for me was when the one gal started talking loudly and this one dude's ear's started bleeding.

lee hosted the 100 years of horror for ted newsom and was talking about filmic werewolves. he said something to the effect that his only brush with lycanthropy was the howling ii, then he quipped, "the less said about that the better." indeed he was right as this film may very well be the worst in his entire catalog of screen performances. the first howling by joe dante was a groundbreaking werewolf film with its incredible special effects and its campy sense of style and subject matter. it was a film to be taken seriously. like other good original films, filmmakers for some strange reason thought that even more campy sequels were needed rather than what worked the first time(see chud then chud ii to illustrate this point). this film is miles and miles away from the first on every front. there is absolutely nothing scary about it. it looks cheap and is pitch black through most of the major scenes. lee is the only actor in the film worth mentioning(okay, i'll cede ferdy mayne too). lee looks embarrassed as he says inane dialog and does ridiculous things(check out that ending with him and stirba). lee looks incredibly tired and knows what dreck this is which is a tad more insightful than the two leads who leave america to go to romania. the story isn't really worth examining here, and you can bet there is very little story worth mentioning when you have to have stephen parsons and his band babel play through much of the film in the beginning and the ending with that dreadful noise. sybil danning is here and, yes, she disrobes once and then we get that scene showed again and again and again - one reviewer said 17 times(i counted ten - but might have been so bored out of my mind by that point). i gave the film three stars, but it really deserves a zero - the three i gave it are 1 for lee and two for ms. danning's contributions. yuck!

this film is really bad,so bad that even christopher lee cannot save it.a poor story an even poorer script and just plain bad direction makes this a truly outstanding horror film,the outstanding part being that it is the only horror film that i can honestly say i would never ever watch again.this garbage make plan nine from outerspace look like oscar material.

ben a out-of-town cop is convinced his sister was brutally killed and wants to bring her killer to justice, but he's approached by stefan who believes his sister was a victim of a werewolf cult. so ben, his sister's best friend and stefan travel to transylvania to put a end to this evil.this is incredibly awful b-grade stuff and i wondered how it even got released. it makes the original 'howling' look like a masterpiece. what was christopher lee thinking, as this has to be his worst performance i've seen.there was a lot wrong with this real cheap-ass film, ranging from the really hammy and wooden performances from annie mcenroe, reb brown, marsha a. hunt and sybil danning (not to forgot lee), cheesy fashion (those sunnies), cheap and lame special effects, bad use of lighting, the humour... if there was any, trashy 80s music (with some of the film just focusing on some unknown band playing), werewolf's having orgies which is a sight to see and a tiresome story with flat and annoying dialogue. i thought if it was that bad it would be awfully funny, but i was wrong. the positives were the location and settings of the film looked great, but that's about it... actually i'll add sybil danning short stripping scene too.during the end credits the band plays their crap-house song during a weird montage of scenes from the film, which i beckon the question why?an awful piece of mess, however at least it isn't boring.1/5

ugly shot, poorly scripted and amateurishly paced sequel to joe dante's 1981 classic. "the howling" is one of the two or three only good werewolf-films ever made and yet it got 'rewarded' by a series of obnoxious and unendurable sequels like this one. if it's any consolation, "stirba" is a sequel in name only and there's absolutely no connection with the characters or events that were introduced in dante's film. the plot here revolves on a bloodthirsty cult of transsylvanian werewolves  primarily female ones  led by stirba. stirba is played by sybil danning who transforms from a curvy old lady into a blond super-babe (with impressive bosom) in the blink of an eye and becomes all hairy when sexually aroused. her arch-enemy is played by a seemly fatigue christopher lee. his character  stefan crosscoe  is an occult investigator who travels to stirba's kingdom, accompanied by an american couple who lost their friend to the werewolf cult. in case you're exclusively looking for filthy gore and gratuitous nudity...this is your film. even the smallest killing is shown in great detail and we're even treated to exploding eyeballs and the vile image of a dwarf who gets pierced on a pointy fence. however, if you want a little substance or depth, you'll be sorely disappointed. the dialogues are embarrassing and there's absolutely no tension to detect anywhere. the scriptwriters constantly seem to confuse werewolves with vampires (the transsylvanian setting, garlic, wooden stakes...) and danning's gorgeous balcony is shamelessly exploited as the film's only gimmick. during the end-credits, a shot in which she rips off her top, is re-edited repeatedly (according to my fellow reviewer dr. gore, no less than seventeen times!) which is pretty pathetic and pointless. the music is okay and some of the scenery is rather beautiful. i'm talking about the fierce-looking statues during the opening credits and the dark dungeons of stirba's castle. the directing by philippe mora is a giant mess and  as far as i'm concerned  his only worthwhile film remains "the beast within", released three years earlier.

ok, as everyone has pointed out, this film is a complete dog. to some degree this is because it was a gory sexploitation film that had a lot of material excised (or darkened down to near invisibility) to escape the censor's x-rating; but the film has many other flaws as well.to begin with, the scriptwriter seems to have got his werewolves and vampires mixed up. the baddies in this film are furry and don't like silver but in every other respect they behave like vampires. now you just can't do that with a crappy genre flick, you've got to stick to the rules of the genre or the fans get all confused and annoyed by suspending disbelief in the wrong thing. in fact the whole (confusing and poorly presented) plot is something that has already been done for vampires, but doesn't make any sense in a werewolf movie.secondly, the werewolf costumes are the lamest you have ever seen. anybody in the werewolf movie business ought to know that the werewolf costumes and transformations are something the fans assess critically, yet some of these werewolves are just plain goofy.there are a couple of slightly good bits. i actually quite liked the score. others have mentioned sybil danning's tits. and...(***spoiler***, if such a thing can exist)i also quite liked the plan for attacking the werewolves' stronghold. there are so many horror movies that rely on characters behaving stupidly, but in this case they first acquire a very sensible and effective anti-werewolf arsenal and go slaughter the monsters. i mean, you can kill werewolves with silver bullets, and we have some pretty powerful firearms these days. shouldn't be too hard to put two and two together, hmm? but in typical style this movie goes over the top and adds some other very zany and amusing anti-lycanthrope weapons.

dreadful horror sequel to "the howling". this picks off with karen white's funeral (she was killed at the end of the first film). stefan crosscoe (christopher lee sadly) arrives there and tells karen's brother ben (reb brown) that karen was a werewolf. he's going to transylvania to kill striba (sybil danning) the head werewolf. ben and a coworker of karens (annie mcenroe) join him.a terrible script, bad direction, inept editing and truly horrendous acting by brown and mcenroe single handedly sink this one. the werewolf effects are mostly kept in the dark--for good reason! they're terrible when you see them. subpar special effects also--although i did like the cartoon lightning that comes from danning's fingers. there's also a werewolf orgy which is particularly stupid and danning takes off her top at least eight times during the closing credits! there are a few good things--i found the village in transylvania amusing--it looks like it came from a universal horror flick from the 1930s! there are interesting camera tricks between transition scenes; brown and mcenroe have good bodies and lee and danning are good in this--but they can't save it. really--why did they do this? where that they hard up for money??? this is one of imdb's lowest rated movies. that alone should tell you something. supposedly danning was horrified when she saw the movie--i can understand why! a must-miss.

from the moment christopher lee puts on a pair of punk sunglasses and tries to sneak into a punk rock club, you know you've got a stinker on your hands! this film had potential. beneath all of the sludge there are the remnants of what could have been crafted into a decent film, if not an interesting one. the final product is a real mess, however. aside from the gratuitous nudity and some very attractive women, howling ii winds up being a laughable excuse for a horror film. christopher lee gives it a nugget of credibility, but even he cannot raise it above the level of crap.having never seen any of the other films in this series, this critic will be forced to accept on face value that this is a genuine continuation of the events in part one. we start off at a funeral for one of the characters from the original, and within the first ten minutes we find ourselves in transylvania with a small group of heroes ready to battle a coven of werewolves. the film is paced fairly well, and there are not too many dead spots. the action is there; it just isn't filmed well. one bright spot is the music of a punk band called babel. though their song is played quite often, it is rather catchy.the problems with this film are great in number. first off, the acting is worse than pitiful. christopher lee is good enough, but that's where it ends. the two leads reb brown and annie mcenroe are lacking in just about everything you'd want for such characters. the writing is wretched, the editing redundant, and the direction amateurish. there are a couple nice special effect gimmicks, but the cheesy ones far out weigh them in number. sybil danning is nice to look at, but her acting performance is less than satisfactory. judd omen looks the part he plays, but his voice and acting are unconvincing to say the least. much of the dialog is in an unintelligible language that may or may not be latin.i liked the general idea for the story. i always enjoy stories of true believers out to battle seemingly invincible forces of evil. one scene where a small group of good guys are trekking through a dark forest and shooting down a bunch of werewolves is even kind of exciting. kind of. maybe a bigger budget or a better director could have made the rest of the film a bit more compelling. 3 of 10 stars.the hound.side note: as of this writing, the censors at youtube.com have still not taken down the ending credits with sybil danning ripping off her top several times while the babel song is playing! catch it while you can!

howling ii (1985) was a complete 180 from the first film. whilst the first film was campy and creepy. the second one was sleazy and cheesy. the production values on this one are pretty bad and the acting is atrocious. the brother of the anchorwoman werewolf from part one wants to find out what happened to his sis'. the "scene" from the first film was badly re-created. a skinny plain looking woman accompanies bro' (reb brown) to the old country (romania) to uncover the mystery to her sister's murder/transformation/death. christopher lee appears and disappears over now and then as sort of a sage/guide to the two. sybil danning and her two biggest assets appear as stirba, the head werewolf of the romania. she also suffers from a bad case of morning face, ewww!bad movie. there's nothing good about this stinker. i'm surprise philippe mora directed this picture because he's usually a good film-maker. the film is so dark that you need a flashlight to watch it (no, not the content but the film stock itself). to round the movie off you get a lousy "punk" performance from a damned wannabe "babel". maybe if they forked over a couple of extra bucks they could've got the real deal instead of an imitation.best to avoid unless you're desperate or you lost the remote and you're too lazy to change the channel.

after watching this, i had lost a little respect for christopher lee (this has passed over time). this film was utter garbage. first, they tried to recreate the ending from the first "howling," with incredibly bad make-up. then they try to turn it into a sad excuse of a werewolf porn film! the plot sucks and the whole film is just awful!!!! a brother of a werewolf victim from the first film (from the look of it, it was supposed to be dee wallace stone)teams up with lee and another woman to destroy the group of werewolves, lead by sybil danning, who seems to be naked all the time.this is not even worth renting (unless you want to waste your time and money watching the nudity.). try to catch it on cable instead. it would be so chopped up, it may actually make sense.

the howling ii starts as it means to go on with a bizarre and surreal opening narration by christopher lee whose image is imposed over a moving star field, oh and a skeleton appears as well for some reason. he says "for it's written the inhabitants of the earth have been made drunk with her blood. and i saw her sip upon a hairy beast and she held forth a golden challis full of the filthiest fornication's and upon her forehead was written, behold i am the great mother of #an inaudible word i couldn't make out no matter how many times i rewound the tape and tried to, sorry# and all abominations of the earth". this opening narration means nothing at all and is just downright bizarre. after the opening credits which are set over shots of transylvanian architecture we get an on screen caption that informs us we're in 'los angeles, california u.s.a. city of the angels'. i knew i was in for a long 86 minutes. it's probably not too long after the events of the original howling (1981) and it's karen white's funeral. after the ceremony karen's brother ben (reb brown) is spoken to by an 'occult investigator' called stefan crosscoe (christopher lee) who says that karen is a werewolf and that she will come back to life. ben dismisses such nonsense. but together with one of karen's friends and colleagues jenny (annie mcenroe) he visits stefan at his home. there stefan tells them about werewolves and how they can be killed, he mentions stirba (sybil danning) who is the queen of werewolves. stefan also shows them a photograph taken at karen's funeral of a woman named mariana (marsha a. hunt) and that she is an extremely vicious and dangerous werewolf who wants karen. stefan says he will stake any werewoves through the heart with titanium. ben figures out that stefan means he will stake karen as well so together with jenny he travels to the graveyard where his sister's crypt is to stop stefan. however lots of werewolves turn up and attack stefan, ben and jenny. they survive the attack and manage to find out that stirba is to be found in transylvania. they all decide to travel to transylvania and stop stirba and her werewolves from taking over the earth by fulfilling a centuries old curse. once there they travel to a small town called vlkava which means 'where wolves live' and meet up with the local priest, father florin (ladislav krecmer) and his small but loyal group of werewolf hunters, hey what else can i call them? oh, and a dwarf named florica (ludmila safarova) helps too. they follow mariana who they hope will lead them to stirba. but stirba knows of stefan's arrival and has plans for him ben and jenny. will stefan be able to put an end to stirba's plans for world domination? will this film get any more bizarre or surreal? watch it and find out. directed by philippe mora this is one strange mess of a film. it's poorly edited as certain sequences just jump around incoherently. the single biggest problem is the script by robert sano and gary brandner based on his novel which is all over the place and doesn't make any sort of sense or introduces us to any proper characters that we like. luckily it moves along like a rocket and is never dull or boring, unlike the original. something strange or bizarre is always happening to keep the viewer entertained. most people will probably hate it, but for those of us who enjoy 'bad' films this is right up there with the best of them. there are werewolf orgies which are just freaky to watch. we get some cool werewolf killing weaponry. the sets and locations just seem so out of place and i don't know if this was actually shot in transylvania but it doesn't look like what i thought mid 80's transylvania would. stirba's castle is part dungeon, part gothic castle and part modern luxury house. stirba and her servant's costumes are very over-the-top, stirba wears an outfit that looks like it belongs in a s/m video and to be fair to her she looks pretty sexy, and her minions wear skimpy leather clothing too. the special make-up effects range from good to poor, a dwarf's eyes explode, someone has their hand ripped off and a priest has some creature emerge from his mouth but this isn't a film loaded with gore, although there are plenty of effect sequences with werewolf transformations and attacks. there is plenty of nudity as well as stirba and her minions are a real randy bunch of werewolves! i should also mention the music, the soundtrack is dominated by awful rock music that i hated and i ended up turning the volume down. acting is weak all round and what on earth was christopher lee thinking about when he accepted this film?! i wonder what he thinks of it. basically the whole thing is a real mess, but i found it a fairly entertaining mess all the same. impossible to recommend but it kept me watching through to the end. speaking of which the end credits run over what appears to be deleted scenes and cut footage, it also features the same shot of sybil danning taking her dress off and exposing her breasts probably in excess of 20 times! if that's your thing.

there is absolutely nothing in this movie that shows even the tiniest scrap of talent. nobody in it has ever tried acting before, even the extras in the coffee shop look as if they've been glued in place. nothing looks rehearsed.the film quality is terrible. most of the 'action' takes place in narrow corridors or apartments with the cameraman crammed in as an afterthought, swinging some cheapo camera backwards and forwards between 'actors' as they deliver their lines. no tripod and no proper microphone either, there sound quality is terrible. even 'manos' fares better than this, at least they had proper equipment. what plot there is simply gets lost in the production mess.stick to home videos, preferably made by some 5 year kid trying out the video feature on daddy's new camera phone. you will be in for a long search to find a movie more inept than this.

i made the big mistake of actually watching this whole movie a few nights ago. god i'm still trying to recover. this movie does not even deserve a 1.4 average. imdb needs to have 0 vote ratings possible for movies that really deserve it like this one. a 1.4 is too high.i had heard how awful this movie was, but i really did not think a movie could actually be that bad, especially in this day and era. i figured all of the cheesy god awful movies were only from the 1950s and 1960s. my god was i wrong. trust me folks, this movie really is that bad. it is beyond horrible; it is beyond pathetic; it is beyond any type of word that i can think of for it. battlefield earth looks like best picture of the year compared to this movie. snake island (which up until now was the worst movie i'd ever seen) looks like it deserves a few oscars compared to this pathetic effort.i seriously can not believe that the makers of this movie thought this was a legitimate serious effort of producing a hollywood movie. this has no business being called a movie. in the first 25 seconds of the film, i seriously thought i was watching some high school theater class attempting to make a short movie. or better yet, i thought it was some saturday night live ripoff skit of the real thing. i mean, it looks exactly like that. the acting is horrible; the whole movie almost looks like it was shot with a 20 year old vhs video camera. the special effects.......well good lord bewitched from back in the day had better special effects than this movie. the scene where he gets shot at the door is beyond laughable and beyond cheesy. i mean seriously, my intro to acting class from 4 years ago in college, all of us could have put together a better movie than this. and the worst part of the entire movie, where arthur is naked in the bathroom. oh my god i almost thew up right there. i have a strong stomach, but wow that was horrible. some people should never be naked, and he's one of them. the plot of this movie just seems to go absolutely nowhere. they talk about legal issues that we never hear about again; ben talks about getting into music that we never hear about again; arthur says he is looking for a job and money for college and the next thing we see is he's running a porn shop. everything about the movie is just horrible.this really doesn't have much to do with my critique, but just so everyone knows, i am not a gay man. i do however support gay rights and believe we should all be treated as equals. and i would support any gay person in my church, unlike the cruel priest in this movie, who by the way seems to cuss every other word. (where is the f*(#*ing white out?) hahaha but i didn't want anyone to think i hated this movie just because of it being about two gay guys. it has nothing to do with that: this would have been just as horrible of a movie if it was ben & jill instead of ben & arthur.i just watched this movie to see if it really was as bad as they say. and yes it was even worse than i had read. let this be a warning to everyone: only watch this movie if you want to just sit back and laugh at how pathetic some movies in the 21st century can still be. if you watch this movie and are actually expecting a good movie or some entertainment, i have no sympathy for you whatsoever.on a final thought: how in the world are there 7 movies ranked below this on imdb? there is no way there are 7 movies out there that are worse than this!

holy crap this movie was bad. i watched it just as a joke. it isn't even so bad that it's good in an unintentional way. this film seemed to be designed to personally make me angry. it worked really well at doing that. it's as if the people who made this just took all of the really annoying stuff about the movie priest, added in a bunch of ugly dudes, took out anything interesting, funny, or even remotely sexy and clever out of the concoction, and then added in a bunch of old rotten cheese. that's all this is. cheese. there isn't a single person this film could possibly connect to. there isn't any universe this film could possibly take place in. why can't a film like this just be about enjoying life and being happy? why did they have to make this already stupid idea for a film even more ridiculous than it already is? why couldn't they at least even tried to make it an okay film, or even a b-movie. now that i think of it, what they hell were they trying to do with this film? i watched it expecting a campy love story and instead i got some boring student project about some idiot who has to find the strength and courage to marry his boyfriend while his annoying christian brother tried to destroy it all!!! no, i'm not joking. that's what it's about. does that sound good? this film is pretty ignorant against people of the christan religion, with it's stereotyping of all christians being loudmouthed, rude, and hellbent on making as many people as miserable as possible. a lot of christian people i know would never speak or act like these freaks. the film, however, is just as unfair and ignorant to the gay community as well. these have got to be the most tastelessly crafted stereotypical gay men since the guy on the radio station on that roadkill video game. it's so nerve wracking and simply irritating to the point that i wasn't able to fully pay attention to this film. the makers of this train-wreck had no strategy for set design, acting, camera angles, lighting, script, authenticity, or an idea to make this entertaining or interesting. there isn't even a single sex scene, or at least not a believable one. jamie brett gabel was the only guy in the film that looked any good at all, but his good looks were sadly put to waste. this is trash. in a perfect world, this film would get voted a 0.0. it's worth 0 as a film alone. a mentally handicapped nun who is blind, deaf, and has tiny little bones for arms and legs and whose face is located on her armpit could write, direct, and produce a better film, and she'd probably be a better actor as well. the fact that this film exists is a crime against the word "film" itself. this film is so bad that other films should be ashamed of being available in the same watchable format. i could put a broom in a chair and then record it with a camera and then stop the film and then replace it with a mini x-mas tree and then record that and i've already made a film that will always be better than ben & arthur by at least half. there are only two things worse than death. torture and watching ben & arthur. i'm a homosexual and i will probably be the gayest person you will ever meet if you ever met me, and i don't think i've ever been more offended by an entire film than i was by the first five seconds of this film alone. if this movie was a mistake, i will personally find a way to change the famous phrase "it's okay to make mistakes" to "it's okay to make mistakes unless that mistake was ben & arthur." you know how people always say things like, "good things come out of everything!"? i think that ben & arthur was primarily invented so that there could be something on this earth that nothing good would ever come out of. to call this movie the worst movie i've ever seen would be giving it way too much credit. it's as if this film were designed just so that it could qualify in a category of it's very own. there are good movies, there are bad movies, and then there's ben & arthur. this is ben and arthur.

intrigued by the synopsis (every gay video these days has a hunk on the cover; this is not necessarily to be construed as a good sign) i purchased ben and arthur without knowing a thing about it. this is my second (and i assure you it will be my last) purchase of a culture q connection video. as far as i am concerned, this dvd is nothing but a blatant rip-off. i do not make this observation lightly  i am a major collector of videos, gay and mainstream, and i can state with some authority and without hesitation that ben and arthur is quite simply the worst film i have ever sat through in my life. period. my collection boasts over 1,600 films (93% on them on dvd) and of those, well over 300 are gay and lesbian themed. i hardly own every gay movie ever made, but i am comfortable in stating that i pretty much purchase almost every gay video of interest that gets released, and very often i buy videos without knowing anything about the film. sometimes, this makes for a pleasant surprise - aimee & jaguar, it's in the water, urbania and normal are all examples of excellent gay titles that i stumbled upon accidentally. so when i read on the box that ben and arthur concerned a conflict between gay lovers and the christian right, one of my favorite subjects, i decided to take the plunge sight unseen, despite my previously disappointing purchase of another culture q connection title, visions of sugar plums. that film was pretty bad, but compared to ben and arthur, it viewed like gone with the wind. so what was so wrong with ben and arthur? plenty! to begin with, the "plot" such as it was, was totally ridiculous. this film almost made me sympathetic to the christian right  we are asked to believe not only that a church would expel a member because his brother is gay, but that a priest would actually set up a mob style execution of a gay couple in order to save their souls (like this even makes sense). the writing is so poor that many scenes make no sense at all, and several plot points reflect no logic, follow-up or connection to the story. murder and violence seem to be acceptable ends to the gay activist / right wing conflict on both sides, and the acting is so bad that it's difficult to imagine how anybody in this film got hired. the characters who are supposed to be straight are almost without exception clearly gay - and nelly stereotypes to boot; the gay characters are neither sexy nor interesting. this film is enough to put off anybody from buying gay themed videos forever, and the distributors should be ashamed of themselves. the only advantage this picture has over my other culture q connection purchase, visions of sugarplams, is that this one has a soundtrack with clear dialogue. hardly a distinction, since the script is so insipid that understanding the script only serves to make you more aware of how bad this film truly is. it is an embarrassment to queer culture, and i intend to warn everyone i possibly can before they waste their money on it. at $9.95 this film would have been way overpriced; i understand that it's soon to be re-priced under $20, which is still highway robbery. i paid the original price of $29.95, and i never felt more cheated in my life. the only true laugh connected with this drivel is the reviews  i have seen "user reviews" for this film on numerous websites, and there is always one or two that "praise" the director / writer / actor in such a way that it's obvious that the reviewer is a friend of this ed wood wannabe. how sad. how desperate. i just wish imdb would allow you to assign zero stars - or even minus zero. if ever a film deserved it, this is it.

i have never posted a review before, but i had to do it for this film! this film is so bad, i found myself trying to justify how bad it is by trying to think of it as kitsch or parody. but it isn't. it is truly, un-self-consciously bad. this is a serious attempt that flops gloriously. other reviewers have pointed out the film's many flaws, so i'll try not to repeat these, but i do urge you to see this film. throughout it i was either speechless, literally gasping with disbelief, or rolling on the floor in hysterics. i haven't had so much fun watching a film in years. in fact, i'm going to try to get all my friends to see it because it's the kind of movie that needs to be shared.my favorite parts: -- when arthur auditions to be a go-go boy (his dancing is unbelievable) -- the gratuitous nudity (the director/leading actor just had to get a nude shot in) -- the preacher's office with its cardboard and crayon rendition of christ -- of course, the famous wedding scene with the palm trees and the forgotten rings (what narrative function does this play?!?) -- the ex-wife's wrestling match with ben to get possession of her gun -- the detailed sequence wherein arthur kills the preacher; he apparently burns him up with this incredibly measly match -- yes, the gay religious-fanatic brother with his bleached hair and weho fashions -- and, my favorite, the use of joplin's "the entertainer" as the opening soundtrack and "pachebel's canon in d major" as the closing soundtrack! -- the list goes on and on -- a must see!!!

the. worst. film. ever. made.after watching this supposedly gay made film, i suspect someone rounded up a brain damaged half blind neo-nazi and had him make the worst gay film ever, all in some deluded attempt to attack gay culture. i had to stop the movie and call a friend to come over just so i had someone to scoff at when i paused the movie out of shock, disbelief and outrage at such sheer stupidity.on top of all the horrible writing and acting and illogical and stupid plot, its just a poorly made film. a dog with a handycam tied to its tail could have churned out better.seriously, after reading the few positive reviews this movie has here, i suspect the writer must have a half a dozen imdb accounts. anyone who says this film is even watchable as anything other than a joke, is a liar or being paid heavily to say so.

although i had heard this film was a little dry, i watch whatever scott bakula is in. at the start of this film i had high hopes for the classic cheesy but enjoyable scott-gets-girl ending and until 20 minutes before the end it was going great. the plot twist was crazy and unexpected and very clever. i kept my fingers crossed that it would work out and it would all be some horrible misunderstanding, right up until when the credits rolled and i realised that there was not going to be a happy and contented ending. unfortunately i was left regretting that i'd watched it and hurriedly putting on some quantum leap to restore my faith in the goodness of the great scott!

although this isn't a "great film," there's something compelling and memorable about it. like another commenter on the film, i saw this in childhood. it's been thirty three years since 1952, but i have never forgotten the story or its ridiculously cumbersome title. see it if you have the opportunity. you'll feel like a voyeur of small town life as it evolves through the decades. more than any other film, this one brings a human face to the historical drama of early twentieth century "progress." it's engaging enough for a young viewer and memorable enough for an older one. furthermore, it's easy to like the characters and watch their passage through time.

this low-grade universal chiller has just been announced as an upcoming dvd release but, intended as part of a collection of similar movies that i already had in my possession, i decided to acquire it from other channels rather than wait for that legitimate release. which is just as well, since the end result was not anything particularly special (if decently atmospheric at that): for starters, the plot is pretty weak  even though in a way it anticipates the vincent price vehicle theatre of blood (1973)albeit without any of that film's campy gusto. what we have here, in fact, is a penniless sculptor (martin kosleck)  whom we even see sharing his measly plate of cheese with his pet cat!  who, upon finding himself on the receiving end of art critic alan napier's vitriolic pen one time too many, decides to end it all by hurling himself into the nearby river. however, while contemplating just that action, he is anticipated by rondo hatton's escaped killer dubbed "the creeper" and, naturally enough, saves the poor guy's life with the intention of having the latter do all the dirty work for him in gratitude! although it is supposedly set in the art circles of new york, all we really see at work is kosleck and commercial painter robert lowery (who keeps painting the same statuesque blonde girl joan shawlee over and over in banal poses  how is that for art?) who, conveniently enough, is engaged to a rival art critic (virginia grey) of napier's! before long, the latter is discovered with his spine broken and lowery is suspected; but then investigating detective bill goodwin gets the bright idea of engaging another critic to publish a scathing review of lowery's work (i did not know that publicity sketches got reviewed!!) so as to gauge how violent his reaction is going to be! in the meantime, kosleck deludes himself into thinking that he is creating his masterpiece by sculpting hatton's uniquely craggy  and recognizable  visage which, needless to say, attracts the attention of the constantly visiting grey (we are led to believe that she lacks material for her weekly column)much to the chagrin of both artist and model. bafflingly, although the creeper is fully aware of how grey looks (thanks to her aforementioned haunting of kosleck's flea-bitten pad), he bumps off shawlee  who had by then become goodwin's girl!  in lowery's apartment and, overhearing kosleck talking to (you guessed it) grey about his intention to dump him as the fall guy for the police, sends the slow-witted giant off his deep endeven down to destroying his own now-completed stony image. curiously enough, although this was hatton's penultimate film, his name in the credits is preceded by the epithet "introducing"!

this is a typical late universal horror flick: its technically comptent, if by the numbers, with a cookie cutter plot and some serious overacting. the most interesting part of this film is its stunt casting of rondo hatton, a man with a bone disease as the film's "monster". its sad to see this man exploited, but he probably made good use of the money they paid him. hatton is less horrifying than the studio hoped, as i more often felt pity over fear or even loathing. martin koslack is on board as the film's mad artist, and he is very amusing in this part. i for one enjoy seeing koslack in just about anything; for some reason the man amuses me. the only other part of the film that entertained me is the film's absurd take on the art world. here we are shown evil art critics who revel in their ability to break artists; this is side by side with the film's male "hero" who is an "artist" who paints...get this...pin up girls. somehow our hero's work is reviewed side by side with the villan's absurdist sculpture. also amusing is the film's chief nasty critic, who at one point claims that he despises the hero's pin up art because "women like that don't exist" to which our heroine replies with an assurance that the critic just doesn't get out enough. finally, there's a bit of a subplot about the heroine's (who is an art critic herself) domestication by the leading man....completely anti-feminist and ridiculous to witness. overall this film is a rather mediocre picture with a few amusing elements.

the peculiar charisma of martin kosleck brings a certain believability to his character of the frustrated artist. he imbues his dialog with an odd sense of realism, making the sculptor marcel a convincing individual. the character manages to come across as a real person and not so much a typical b movie villain.the story line is nothing to write home about, and many scenes are dull. what makes it work is the strange chemistry between kosleck and rondo hatton as the creeper. kosleck's talkative, philosophical character is contrasted with hatton's low key, monosyllabic approach. the character of the creeper isn't developed much beyond a basic monster level, but hatton suggests undeveloped possibilities and makes you wonder about his back story.this movie was on shock theater a lot when i was a kid, so i have a certain nostalgic fondness for it. it's worth seeing once, anyway, for those who enjoy forties horror movies.

this documentary is at its best when it is simply showing the ayurvedic healers' offices and treatment preparation. there is no denying the grinding poverty in india and desperation of even their wealthier clients. however, as an argument for ayurvedic medicine in general, this film fails miserably. although indian clients mention having seen "aleopathic" doctors, those doctors are not interviewed, and we have to take the vague statements of their patients at face value-- "the doctor said there was no cure," "the doctor said it was cancer" etc. well, "no cure" doesn't mean "no treatment," and what type of cancer exactly does the patient have? the film is at its most feeble when showing ayurvedic practice in america. there it is reduced, apparently, to the stunning suggestion that having a high powered wall street job can make your stomach hurt.

it's about time we see a movie that stays unbiased towards these old indian traditions. at times it is clear how most of the 'doctors' are charlatans, even lying about how they don't charge their clients. while they are wearing their gold watches, the 'donation' box is mandatory. notice that there are only a couple of people who get 'cured' while we see quite a few cases.keep in mind while watching that ingesting mercury is not toxic and that the smallest indian bank note is 5 rupee, while the average salary in india is 1,700 ru/month.

while watching this movie i got sick. i have been grewing up with pippi and every time was a real pleasure. when my wife came to sweden she was looking at the oldies and had a real good laugh. but this american version should be renamed and never be shown again. it is terrible from beginning to it's end. how can they manage to make it soo bad. well i guess someone blames the translation ha ha ha.. but they are never close to pippi. may this movie never been seen again and never sent out on a broadcast. burn the movie and save the kids. if you want to look at pippi then look at the original movie and have a good laugh. we love pippi inger nilsson, sorry tami erin you will never stand up to be pippi.. oh yes.. when read the "spoilers" explanation, "'spoiling' a surprise and robbing the viewer of the suspense and enjoyment of the film." well i guess the director stands for this... you are looking at this movie at your own risk.. it is really a waste of time...

this appalling film somehow saw the light of day in 1988. it looks and sounds as if it had been produced 20 or 30 years earlier, and features some of the worst songs ever included in a major motion picture. i weep for the parents and children who paid top dollar to see this.

this is another north east florida production, filmed mainly in and near by to fernandina beach and the kingsley plantation. i was rather surprised the company was able to take over the main street of fernandina beach as long as was necessary to achieve the street scenes. the film is pretty, and pretty bad. tami erin is cute, but overacts. eileen brennan overacts even more. good for small kids, or for those who like fluff in large doses. a 4 from the miller-movies formula.

this movie . . . i don't know. why they would take such an indellible character as pippi longstocking and cast the singularly charmless tami erin, i will never know. why they would spend money on art direction and some not-all-that-bad special effects, then not bother to edit it properly, i will never know. why the sets and costumes are sometimes in period, and sometimes bizarrely not, why they commissioned such bad songs, why the script doesn't make any sense whatsoever (not even on a silly, children's film level) . . . . what were they thinking?? nothing about this movie is quite as it should be. every single part is dubbed (and always poorly,) every sound effect is slightly wrong, every edit is in the wrong place, every performance is bad in some way. it does manage to create an appropriate atmosphere, despite all the problems, but it never captures the magic that is astrid lindgren's creation.

the last couple of weeks in the life of a dead vagabond woman is told in flashbacks. like the vagabond, the film wanders aimlessly and rather pointlessly. mona, the lazy, sullen, and drug-addicted title character, is not likable and bonnaire does little to make her interesting. although there is some pretentious dialog attempting to explain why mona has chosen this miserable lifestyle, her motivations are never really clear. the episodic nature of the film, involving some random characters, becomes tiresome after a while, making it seem much longer than its running time. it is also hard to believe that an attractive young homeless woman would not draw more attention from men.

mona the vagabond lives on the fringes of french society, in a life without meaning, purpose or direction.i watched this because of all the stellar reviews, but i'm afraid i must have missed something. the character of mona has little or no personality while drifting through life being rude to people, getting high and contributing nothing to anyone's life. she's not interesting or exciting. she's just useless.i've seen and known enough people like that: there is no secret meaning to what they're doing. they are just lazy bums. i wouldn't want mona anywhere near me, as she tends to steal anything that isn't nailed down and leave her friends in the lurch. sure she's enigmatic - because there isn't anything to her. lots of junkies, winos and bums i've seen are enigmatic; i wouldn't want to see a film about them either.possibly there is something there that i totally missed. otherwise i'm assuming that all the reviews are from people who assume anything done by a french female director is high art.

because you can put it on fast forward and watch the inane story, without having to listen to banal dialogue, and be finished in 10 minutes max. come to think of it, even 10 minutes is too much to waste on enid-blyton-meets-struggling-wanna-be-artists. vomit.

very bad movie........and i mean very bad...the plot is predictable, and it's eally cheesy, the creativeness of the battle and the dance scenes for the time are the only reason i didn't give the movie a one, other than that...this is def a movie one can def afford not to watch.....i feel while watching the movie, the idea behind the movie was an interesting one tho kind of cliché....bringing country bumpkins to the city blah blah blah, but i feel it might have been at least a little better if it just wasn't so cheesy, very poorly portrayed from idea to screen, i think. the plot is somewhat predictable at times, tho the dancing i can say at times, is pretty good, the break dance battle twist was good.....if u just pop the movie and watch the dance scenes and make up your own dialog maybe it can be a 5...lol

mae clarke will always be remembered as the girl whose face james cagney showed a grapefruit into in the same year's the public enemy. she will not be remembered for this weird little story about a a hood's girl who finds that her past will always be with her.in some ways, this looks a bit antique for 1931, almost as if you are looking at 1928's famously inert lights of new york. but don't be fooled. although ted tetzlaff's photography is still in the big scenes, there's lots of movement, indicating distraction to the moviegoers in the set-ups to them. but in competition with the fast-paced stuff that it seems that everyone was doing at warner's, this attempt to bring the woman's viewpoint into the genre as a tearjerker doesn't work, nor is mae clarke the actress to carry the effort.

the "trivia" page on imdb claims the filmmakers protested because this film was re-cut by the studio to "simplify the plot". if so, that effort was a total failure, as this is one of the most incoherent narratives i've ever seen in a film -- i'd hate to have seen it before the plot was "simplified."it's sad to see warren with so little character to go on that even he can't do anything with the inept material. it's interesting to see caron in '70s mode instead of her hollywood-era glamour garb and persona, but it's sad to see her haplessly wander through this doing-a- favor-to-her-producer-husband dreck. she would actually later hook up with and marry the director, instead -- who, you'll note, never directed anything again, but did strictly 1st or 2nd a.d. work in tv from here on out. that oughta tell you enough right there.i call this "interesting" because i have an automatic fondness for american films of this period, and this role does add perspective to oates' otherwise fantastic 1971 output (two- lane blacktop, the hired hand). but the "1940s detective as fish-out-of-water in 1970s l.a." theme, which is the only thing the movie really has to say, is sold in way too heavy- handed a manner. a similar theme would be far more effectively handled two years later in altman's the long goodbye. and as far as oates playing a hard-bitten guy on a doomed errand, three years on, he would give his definitive performance in bring me the head of alfredo garcia. if you haven't seen those, don't waste your time with this!

in the many films i have seen warren oates, i have come to a definite conclusion, here is one talented individual. i first saw mr. oates back in the 1960's television series called stoney burke. from then on, i followed his career closely and felt he was destined for great roles. that happened in 1974, when sam peckinpah gave him top billing in a film called 'bring me the head of alfredo garcia.' of course, his biggest claim to fame was his magnificent role in 'the wild bunch'. i have always thought he was quite able to bring any character a certain magic, that is until i saw him in this flop. the movie is called " chandler ", a tribute to the iron fisted detectives of the 1950's created by raymond chandler. because, the synopsis said it was about a hard nose private eye, i was immediately interested. however, i sat patiently through the entire film and found it to be a dull, dis-interesting, slow pace, twisted, confusing saga which if it had a theme or plot must have been left on some dark back room self. collectively and with some of hollywood's best supporting stars, such as alex dreier, mitch ryan, gordon pinsent, charles mcgraw, richard loo and scatman crothers, this movie had enough power to reach mach five, however, it fizzled on the launchpad and went no where. as a result, one of my favorite actor's got stuck in a poorly made vehicle which never got off the ground. **

i saw this film when it was first released. the memory of how bad it was has stayed with me almost forty years. i didn't want to trust my own sentiments about the movie when i saw it, so i consulted a movie review published in a major metropolitan newspaper the next day- sentiment confirmed, the reviewer wrote that the movie was incoherent, indecipherable, and uninspiring. a little research reveals that the producer was star leslie caron's husband, thus the whiff of nepotism suggests the beginning for this awful film. the film's roster of many capable actors - caron, warren oates, scatman crothers, gloria grahame, and james sikking among others - suggests that it holds some promise. but the death of this film is attributable to its terrible screenplay. the "mystery" implicated is so obscure and so little revealed throughout the film that the viewer is left perplexed from scene to scene. the movie seems torn between being a detective mystery and an espionage thriller, but never settles upon one or the other. the sense of suspense is entirely absent. the main characters settle on playing dry, emotionless types in a fashion that inspires no empathy whatsoever. the cinematography is pedestrian. the result is that the hapless viewer loses interest in the characters, the plot, and, in the end, the film itself. i am little surprised that there is no version of this pathetic film available to purchase. i hope that if tcm finds a print of this film and feels compelled to air it that it is safely relegated to the 4:00 am slot.

former private eye-turned-security guard ditches his latest droning job and is immediately offered a chance to return to his previous profession. his assignment: to tail a mysterious french woman newly arrived in california...and apparently wanted by suit-and-tie racketeers. unsuccessful attempt to update the film noir genre, without enough sting or wit (or involving plot dynamics) in the screenplay. director and co-scenarist paul magwood (who later claimed the picture was edited without his involvement) doesn't give off the impression of having high regard for the '40s films his "chandler" was borne from; his nostalgia is appropriately rumpled, but also bitter-tinged and somewhat indifferent. the handling is curiously, commendably low-keyed, and warren oates is well-cast as this '70s variant on the 'private dick' archetype, but the movie doesn't have any snap. nice to see leslie caron and gloria grahame in the cast--though neither has much to do, and caron's hot-and-cold running character is exasperating throughout. vivid cinematography by alan stensvold, nice location shooting, but it fails to come to any kind of a boil. *1/2 from ****

according to imdb, as well as to every other website that holds a review; this "thing" doesn't have a director. well, that would surely explain a lot! just a bunch of people that gathered together to shoot some perverted porn sequences and throw in an ultra-thin storyline about devil-worshiping and women sacrifices inside the walls of a secluded sanitarium. "hardgore" is a prime example of totally demented 70's smut, as it's really made with a minimum of production values and scripting inspiration. horror movies about satanic cults were hugely popular during the early 70's and pornography as well, so why not combine the two? here we have a simplistic story about a young nymphomaniac girl who's committed to a mental asylum, and from the first night already, she's drawn into a network of drugs, psychedelic orgies, rape, torture and dildo-action. really, a lot of dildo-action. the friendly lesbian nurse tries to warn her, but she has her throat slit even the same night. the horror aspects are truly poorly elaborated, going from laughably un-scary satan masks to virulent severed penises attacks. the photography and acting performances are almost intolerably amateurish, but what do you expect from a film that features footage of sperm-firing dildos and talking amputated male reproduction organs? leading lady justina lynn is a rather good looking girl with a ravishing body, but most of her co-stars (male & female) are hideous and excessively haired sleaze balls.

the number of goofs in this episode was higher than the first 9. they don't follow their own rules about spirits where destruction of the body makes the spirit dissolve. this one dropped a second body. that body, and dean, drop about 20 feet from sam but then they are right with sam. flashlights go out in an unlighted asylum, at night, and we can still see everything. it's night but light is streaming through the windows. a ghost that died in 1960's is making cell phones calls? come on! there is no way sam could get a psychiatrist to see him in the same day he makes an appointment and the doctor talks to sam like it wasn't his first visit. sam and dean knew there were other bodies in the asylum and innocent spirits still lurking and didn't do anything to help them. that doesn't seem like a thing the winchester boys would do. oh and after crawling around on a dirt filled mattress and all around a nasty asylum the girls' makeup and hair is perfect and not a smudge on her white shirt. while the implementation of this episode had problems the premise was good and a few times i was not creeped out but nervous as dean sat reading elicots' journal. i just knew that an object so intensely personal to the ghost would draw it to the person violating it's sanctity. elicot didn't appear. maybe that is a fault for such an important object or place (like elicot's office) should draw the spirit when a living being touches or enters. when they separate i want to scream... 'that's how you die! always stay together and watch each others backs!' but they don't listen to me :o the elicot spirit and his special ability was a very nice touch. it's prime-time show but i do wish the horror of elicot strapping one of his victims down and using anticipation of torture to creep us out further.especially because of the lighting goofs i gave this a 4. sudden darkness or the flickering of the whole scene's lighting as the flashlight flickers is all that more terrifying. the lighter coming or the flashlight reviving and instantly a spirit is in their face is shocking. i understand the directors wants us to see his scene but then make a mention or obvious connection by elicot touching an electric socket and the lights coming on. have the characters respond to the fact an asylum with no power suddenly has lights in the one room. blue white lights flickering as electric arcs just like elicot's finger power. seriously, mcg could have done better.

my kids picked this out at the video store...it's great to hear liza as dorothy cause she sounds just like her mom. but there are too many bad songs, and the animation is pretty crude compared to other cartoons of that time.

...and ethel merman buffs, too, will love her loud, bossy vocals as the wicked witch mombi, but this cartoon sequel to "the wizard of oz" is bereft of real imagination, substituting fantasy and excitement with noisy action (and cheaply repeating its footage like a bad music video). little dorothy is whisked back to oz, which has gone to ruin, and meets old and new friends. the inelegant animation is stuck somewhere between the weakest walt disney and the less-inspired shows from hanna-barbera, however many of the songs are good, particularly dorothy's sweet lament "it's a far away land", superbly performed by liza minnelli. you can count on minnelli for energy, which is why the movie perks up whenever dorothy is around. much of it is unmemorable, and i'm not even sure baby-boomers will get a charge from it since it has been out of circulation for so long. as a curiosity item, just fair. ** from ****

really, truly, abysmally, garishly, awful. but actor clayton moore (the movie lone ranger) acquits himself competently as an actor. he's the only one.a rare treat, for five minutes, if you want to plumb the depths of grotesquely transparent special effects, southern california as "the moon" (again and again and again), and acting so woodenly inept that it may be a spoof . . . except that it's clear that it isn't--no humor here, except unintentionally.the dialogue may be worse than any of these other aspects, and the costumes . . . well, enough said. plot? what plot? bad guy (well, head bad guy) and his henchmen, including his earthly agent called krog (listen carefully or you'll suspect it's a spoof on the name of mcdonald's founder ray kroc)and his unbelievably inept gunsels (who, however, have handguns that never need reloading; as does commando cody, so there are numerous firefight standoffs).enjoy.

oh, man, how low serials had fallen as by 1952! this dull thing is precisely the kind of serial that annoyed annie wilkes (from misery). not only the heroes escape the traps by adding scenes that weren't there in the previous chapter (and that couldn't possibly be there - tell me that when the baddies blow up the plain in episode 7 to 8 they wouldn't see the characters jump), but i think this serial has the world's record of stock footage. i mean, most of it is stock footage! and not just from another serials (apparently all the flying sequences come from king of the rocket men, and the cool "molten rocks" scenes of episode 2 to 3 is from adventures of captain marvel), but from itself! the whole "trip to the moon" sequence (which is probably the shortest ever, it's 30 seconds long and the characters never seem to leave earth's atmosphere) from episode 1 is repeated in episode 8! and episode 10 is all scenes from previous episodes! (ever wondered why mst3k never did episodes 10, 11 and 12? well, they had to stop after 9 so they didn't have to do the whole thing again!).don't get me started on the science factor. prepare to see the sunniest moon ever! and moon men that can not breathe on their own world? what were they smoking? and if this is not enough, it's too talky and the stunts (usually the best thing in serials) are few and far. visually-wise, am i the only one who thinks that commando cody's bullet-shaped (or is it lemon-shaped) helmet is totally ridiculous-looking? the rocketeer's was way cooler, no matter how bad that movie was (and man, was it awful). the tank-like vehicle isn't much better, it looks like a bunch of kids made it for halloween. the only positive thing i can think of about it is that the actor who plays the hero is homely instead of the usual muscular hunk (hey, everybody has the right to be an hero!), but then he's so unappealing...not even worth watching for nostalgia's sake. see captain marvel instead. 2/10.(btw, check out the memorable quotes section for a real women's lib pearl).

this serial is interesting to watch as an mst3k feature, but for todays audience that's all it is. i was really surprised to see the year it was made as 1952. considering that fact alone makes this a solid (lowly?) 2 in my book. the cars used don't even look contemporary, they look like stuff from the 30's. it's basically cody (the lone world's salvation? sheesh talk about an insult to everyone else, like the military), anyway it's cody in his nipple ring flying suit against graber and daley two dumb*ss henchman who sport handguns and an occasional ray gun thats pretty lame in its own right, enjoy. if you want to watch a really good serial see flash gordan, it's full of rockets that attack each other and a good evil nemesis and also good looking women, this has none of that. and flash was made 15 or so years before this crap so you can give it some slack. something made in 1952, this bad, deserves a 2. nuff said. give it a 6 if your watching it as a mst3k episode, those guys have some good fun with it; a tweak of the nipples here, a tweak there and i'm flying! and now as an added bonus, i bring you the commander cody theme song as originally sung by joel and his two character bots tom servo and crow aboard the satellite of love for episode eight the enemy planet:(singing at the very beginning credits);(tom servo singing) your watching commander cody.... he is the new character from republic,he gets in trouble every week... but he's saved by editing,just a tweak of his nipples... sends him on his way,a pumpkin head and a rocket pack.... will save the day,(joel singing) his labratory is a boxing ring... when bad guys come to mix it up,somebody always gets kidnapped... and cody has to fix it up,he drinks his tea at al's cafe... and flies along on wires,he beats the crooks and flies with hooks... and puts out forest fires,(crow singing)bad guys beware... cody is there,you'll like his hair it's under his helmut... and because we can't think of a good rhyme,that's the end of the commander cody theme song... so sit right back with a will of granite,and watch chapter eight, cause that's the enemy planet

the radar men from the moon is a pretty typical fare of 1950's serials. the special effects are pretty cheap, the lunar rovers are obviously world war ii surplus jeeps with painted plywood over them, and the like. the acting is only so-so. it does inspire the imagination of children, to whom i believe this was directed to. by today's standards, it's boring, cheap, and bad. there's also a hefty amount of stock footage in the first 9 episodes of natural disasters.

i saw most of the episodes of rmftm as a teenager on "cliffhanger theater" running after midnight on a local station some years ago, and then again when mystery science theatre riffed on it in the early 90's. time has not been kind to it. i can certainly make allowances for the special effects, which were quite impressive for a low budget 50's serial (imo commando cody's flying scenes were better than george reeves/superman's in his tv show). and i can also make allowances for the ahem, "acting", and fight choreography -. except for the guy who plays the ruler of the moon men. he is incredibly miscast. he looks and acts like the fellow who comes to fix your plumbing, not the despotic ruler of an alien race. even the corny dialog works all right - everyone rattles off their lines like strings of firecrackers, with no wasted time or pauses for things like "thought" or "introspection". since everyone does this, the viewer finds it immersive after awhile, and even to my modern sensibilities, it doesn't bother much. what really irritates me is the writing and the plotting. i'm not talking about the sunny weather on the moon, or baking soda powered rocket ships, or a flying suit that has controls labeled "up/down" and "fast/slow". i'm not even bothered by the cheesiness of the resolutions to the cliffhangers that end each chapter. i'm talking about the fact that our supposed heroes are dumber than fence posts and have no cumulative memory. and by the fact that although that the dialog clips along like an express train, the plot goes through the same motions again and again. dig it: commando cody and his pal are the spearhead of a top secret hi tech science lab charged with protecting earth (or at least the usa) against an insidious alien invasion. but his office has no guards or security checkpoints. they don't even have locks on the front doors. so the bad guys walk right in and beat the crap out of the cody and his staff ...not once (perhaps understandable) but several times. they even kidnap his female assistant on the second try. and they never get any smarter. to further prove my point, allow me to point out the way that cody jumps in his flying suit and flies around getting into trouble and never actually seems to succeed in catching anyone. he does this over and over and over. cody also flies his ship to the moon (the woman assistant comes along to cook), stays for about 30 seconds and immediately turns around and comes back. cody captures one of the atomic ray guns...and immediately loses it again to the bad guys because he couldn't be bothered to lock it up. and so on.and you would think that if cody's efforts were so vital to saving the usa from the moon men, that he might ask for a few soldiers with carbines, a few helicopters and a tank or two to back him up, instead of just working with the local police all the time. this was supposed to be a military operation, but they act like it's another episode of "gangbusters". it's all rather hard to stomach. i appreciate that the creators were severely limited in the scope of their story by budget and time constraints...and i appreciate that cody is actually a reasonably tough hombre (even though he loses half of his fistfights). but i just can't help yelling "door! lock the doooor!!" when the gangsters simply walk into his lab, or try to blow up the ship and there are no security measures at the landing site in place...not even a fence (!). still, it's ok. of the three republic serials i've watched, "phantom creeps" had a better plot, and "undersea kingdom" had more atmosphere (hah!) and a better hero than "radar men", but it's an ok time-waster. btw...why "radar" men? they didn't use radar, they used atomic ray guns. shouldn't the title have been "atomic ray gun men from the moon?"

...at least during its first half. if it had started out with the three buddies in the navy and concentrated on the naval action scenes, it would have been a much better and tighter film. the second half of the film is worth it, especially for the action sequences and close up shots of early 20th century ships, but it's like a dull toothache getting there. also, don't watch this film just because ginger rogers is in it. she has an important role, but it's a small one.the film starts out showing three new york city buddies working the tourist trade and also in good-natured competition for the hand of sally (ginger rogers), a singing candy salesgirl along the avenue. world war i breaks out, the three buddies seem completely indifferent to the struggle, yet enlist in the navy anyways. the one of the three with the least industry as a civilian (bill boyd as baltimore) winds up the commanding officer to the other two (robert armstrong as dutch and james gleason as skeets). to make matters more complex, sally has fallen in love with one of the three, but doesn't have the chance to tell him before the three sail off to war.the film is a little more interesting on board ship, mainly because of the close shots we have of the ship itself, and also because the chemistry among the three buddies is believable. however, james gleason at age 49 looks a bit long in the tooth to be a swabby, especially when the sign at the enlistment office said you had to be between 17 and 35 to be eligible.one real obvious flaw in the film that made me believe that everything outside the naval scenes was slapped together with minimum care is the costume design, or, i should say, the lack of it. in the scenes in new york just prior to wwi we have everyone dressed in the fashions of 1931 and everyone driving the cars of 1931 - no effort was taken to bring this film into period.in conclusion, if you watch the few scenes with ginger rogers in them and the last 45 minutes involving the naval suicide mission, you've seen everything here worth seeing. the rest is padding.

when i rented "unhinged", i was expecting a gore movie. the box even claimed that the movie had extreme scenes of violence that were cut from the theatrical release (i now have serious doubts about this being released in the theater). after finishing the movie, i wondered how it could even receive a video release.the plot is as follows: a group of three young women on a car trip crash their car into a tree. these women somehow manage to make their way to a mansion, which contains an extremely sexist woman. beyond this point, the movie is mainly composed of useless scenes that are intended to make the movie long enough for release.one of the things that makes this movie awful is the acting. lisa munson, who plays the main character, looks as though she is reading her lines off cue cards. the others acting is bad, but not nearly as bad as hers. another thing that makes this movie bad is the camera technique. many shots are taken by cameras attached to the ceiling. this gets very annoying as the movie progresses. on top of all that, there is very little gore, which makes the box very misleading. don't waste your time on this one. my rating: 1 out of 10

i normally do not take the time to make comments that few people will read, about movies few will see. however, in this case, i feel i must warn all those who might consider wasting time on it. i just finished watching it only five minutes ago. this is, quite simply, one of the worst movies that i have ever seen in my life. the acting is horrible, a plot is nonexistent, and production values are poverty level at best. i know that even a low budget movie can be great, but not this one. there is only thing that could have saved this movie for any horror fan's purposes--more on-screen gore and slashing! the grand total of three times that this occurs is off-screen. while it is effective and reasonably disturbing when it happens--especially the end scene--there is simply not enough of it. the movie is just too long for it's minimal content, too dialogue heavy, and consequently almost impossible to watch. what happens? to put it all in a nutshell with room to spare, three teenage girls irresponsibly and knowingly go out driving through an isolated area where over 20 girls have previously been abducted and murdered. their car, of course, breaks down, and they are taken to an old boring house inhabited by three crazy people--one of whom is the psychotic killer. all three are eventually murdered, one by one, off-screen, after what seems like an eternity of boring, slow-paced nonsense. as i said, the only things worth watching even once are the murders. please don't buy it or rent it just for that, and don't be fooled like i was by the misleading box art and movie description. save your money and your time.

i bought this movie for $5 at a used cd store, and i kinda regret it. i'll start by saying i'm a huge fan of cheesy horror flicks. they provide a horribly tacky cheap entertainment. this movie entertained for the first half hour, because it was so bad it could be made fun of in an mst3k style manner quite easily. then it got boring.the acting is the scariest part of the movie. while great acting is not to be expected, this was laughably bad and, honestly, provided all of the entertainment that was to be had. this is the plus side to the movie. where the movie really falters in entertaining is the writing, lighting, and the editing.this movie provides way too many "what the %$@# is going on?" moments. there are many moments, such as the mother having strange fits at dinner, and then that having absolutely no consequence in the movie. along the lines of dinner, someone in charge decided it was fun to watch people eat refined food for five minutes straight without dialogue every time a meal was served. during the meals and other inappropriate moments, the scene cuts away to pure darkness outside. then cuts back in. and speaking of darkness outside, one of the funniest parts of the movie is the climate, where apparently it isn't nighttime unless it's raining. and speaking of darkness, a big problem with the movie is that it's so poorly lit you can't see what's going on half the time, which is more of a frustration than anything. in one of the climactic scenes, you can't even tell what you're supposed to be seeing that's so shocking.and when it comes to climactic scenes, unhinged contains one of the worst. i've seen people say "wow, that surprised me, and that's good." i can say that the big reveal did surprise me, because i didn't see it coming. the reason i didn't see it coming is because it made absolutely no sense. i won't ruin it for you, but i will tell you that my friend and i spent a good twenty minutes rewinding to various parts of the movie to find anything that would have validated that at all, and all we found were more things saying that it wasn't possible.all in all, this movie is actually better when you watch it with the commentary tracks that make fun of it. i love crap horror movies, but this was too much.

i, too, was fooled by the packaging. i, too, fell for the gory packaging and the dvd casing that claims "grieved fans as every copy was pulled from shelves". though it was inexpensive ($6.99), it wasn't really all that worth it - no scares, and very limited gore. the ending was very cheesy and didn't deliver the punch it should have. i really don't even know how it became a "video nasty" with how very tame it is. the story drags, the characters are obvious amateur actors...it doesn't live up to the promise. the dvd bonus feature (the "interview")is very strange as the director appears very incoherent and not all there. the lead actress talks like she's appearing in a shakespearean production. it's a great laugh.

basic slasher movie premise, 3 young ladies wreck their car and end up staying with a creepy family. yawn.watching 36 minutes of a premonition of oj's car chase with a white sedan instead of a bronco. yawn.old lady with hot and cold dementia controlling her daughter... yawn23 minutes of watching the actors eat - yawn trying to identify what the heck they are eating ... ok there might be a drinking game here ... nope - yawn complimentary shower scenes ... ok got my interest for a couple of seconds.completely random and uninspired killings ... yawn the ending ... dude! that psycho is deranged - why couldn't the rest of the movie be like the last 5 minutes... unfortunately that is it - my advice - fast forward to the last five minutes and watch that and then put something good in the player - for me i am going back to sleep.

"unhinged" is one strange little film, a forgotten slasher from the golden age of the genre. it's hard to really write a satisfying review of this film simply because of the fact that the film is so unique. it's plot is fairly overdone--three young women on their way to a rock concert get in a car crash and end up stranded at the mansion of an eccentric old woman and her spinster daughter. very quickly, the ladies realize something is not quite right when they hear strange breathing and noises from the attic. on top of that, the mother and daughter seem to have a very, very strange relationship, as they quarrel intensely in front of their houseguest at dinner. the old mother even goes as far as calling her daughter a whore and slut and accuses her of sneaking guys in at night to sleep with them. halfway through the film, when one girl finally decides she better wander off to find help, the killing begins. as far as the acting goes, this film is at the bottom of the barrel. none of the three stranded girls can act, particularly the "lead" girl. it is almost unbelievable to hear them deliver their lines in the same, wooden tone throughout the film. the mother and daughter are better, but not much. the film is also quite dull in parts and really, really drags. the killings are gruesome, but nothing we haven't seen before. however, as mentioned on here, the film really gains points with it brilliantly disturbing and gory ending. it comes totally from left field and has the same shock value as the ending the the camp classic "sleepaway camp." unfortunately, the rest of the film is a bore and suffers from horrendous acting and boring, boring pacing. the isolated, creepy looking mansion and the dark, foreboding lighting does give the film a grainy realism, but that is quickly shattered when one of the characters attempts to act. it may be worth it if you can stick it out until the end, but i say you are better off just fast forwarding to the last 10 minutes. 4 out 10

i bought unhinged because i got suckered by the gory picture on the cover. if you want to see all the good parts of the movie just look on the back of the box. all the kills are shown and i can honestly tell you that they look much better in the still frames than they do in the movie.having said that, let's look at the plot. a group of college girls driving to a rock concert (by way of the deep, dark woods in one of the longest driving sequences ever captured on celluloid) slide off the road. no visible damage is done to the car but apparently it was enough to put one of the characters in a comatose state for the rest of the film (or perhaps she read the script and was already in a coma before filming began).the two remaining girls wake up in a big, isolated house. the house, by the way, is fabulous and manages more drama just by its presence than any of the actors in the film. for some reason, though, this house has no roads going to it. the only way you can get to the main road is by hiking five miles through the woods. the girls spend the rest of unhinged sitting around listening to weird conversations between an old rich bitch (who looks like george washington in drag) and her equally homely, sexually repressed daughter. the girls apparently were in no hurry to get back from that concert anyway being that they packed more clothes than the cast of gilligan's island for that three hour tour.by the time we, the viewers, get to the kill scenes, we no longer care. we wish that someone would kill us just to end our suffering . unhinged finally wraps up with a quite shocking ending that deserved to be in a much better film. it's almost as though the ending, the one good idea in the film, was written first and then the writers tried to make a movie leading up to it.unhinged is ultimately a boring film with bad acting, inept directing, and a plot with more holes than a leper in a porno film (sorry. i'm not sure where that came from). you will get an idea of how bad this movie is during the opening credits when, for some reason that is never explained, the screen goes black for about two minutes while the characters talk about nothing worth remembering. don't waste your time. you'll just feel unhinged and want your time and money back.

banned as a 'video nasty' in the uk, unhinged has naturally gained quite a bit of notoriety. however, the most shocking thing i found about the film was its amateurishness in all departments. the bloodletting i could handle: the terrible acting, shoddy editing, awful direction, lousy script and abysmal soundtrack were much harder to take.three girls on their way to a music festival crash into a ravine during a storm. they are rescued by a friendly stranger who takes them to a nearby house. the owner of the house, a batty old lady, and her spinster daughter, welcome the girls in, allowing them to stay for a few days in order to recuperate. however, someone doesn't want the girls to leaveever! one by one they fall victim to an unseen assailant.taking a long time to get going and featuring some of the worst performances ever in a horror film (and that takes some doing), unhinged is a truly awful film. the music is a total mess (it sounds like a three year old has been let loose on a synthesiser) and as such, it complements the movie perfectly. only a couple of bloody scenes towards the end and a bit of gratuitous nudity save unhinged from getting the lowest possible score.if you are a horror completist (and unfortunately, i am), you will want to see this in order to tick it off the video nasty watch-list. but be warnedit is really, really bad.

i had never heard of this one before the owner of my local dvd rental outlet mentioned it to me; being a 1980s horror flick with the notorious distinction of having been banned in the u.k., i decided to check it out. the film turned out be a dull, amateurish and ugly-looking ride; the sound recording is so poor that dialogue is unintelligible half of the time, whereas the acting gives new meaning to the word inept! what’s worse, the film follows the awfully tired formula of a trio of teenage girls being involved in an accident and finding themselves sheltered by a dysfunctional family living in remote surroundings. soon, one of the girls goes to look for help and is never heard from again; another, still bed-ridden, is quickly disposed of (after being forgotten for most of the duration). the heroine is the one to interact the most with the three inhabitants of the house: a harridan of a bible-thumping mother (cue horrendous overacting), her repressed (and long-suffering) daughter, and the latter’s weirdo brother who occasionally appears on the scene to drool over the sleeping female guests.often resorting to dinner-table reminiscences by the man-hating mother (as a means of filling in the dreary, to say nothing of unoriginal, backstory) and which invariably develop into mother-daughter sparring contests, the film does have one ace up its sleeve – the twist ending is as unexpected as it is ingenious, but it does little to remove the bad taste left in the mouth by the film (as much through the lameness of it all as the intermittent gore) or the inescapable feeling of having wasted 80 minutes of my time...

unhinged follows the typical plot of the early 80's slasher trend. pretty young girls in peril. i have to give it up for the filmmaker who used a helicopter for some of the early road-trip shots, you actually think for a second there's going to be quality in the production. watching "unhinged" was like seeing an amateur acting class go through it's warm-up. some of the most awkward, badly lit, overlong scenes are played out with the gusto of a valium overdose. i wondered why they didn't just put the cue-cards on camera so the actresses wouldn't have to constantly shift their gaze. the two main girls were obviously chosen for their t&a factor rather than talent. laurel munson as the main chick terry is as exciting as watching paint dry. two nude scenes make for an adolescent thrill. janet penner and virginia settle as the crazy/creepy daughter and mother the chicks find themselves stranded with compete for worst acting ever. long pauses, weird expressions, emphasis on the wrong word, it's all there and is a delight for those of us out there who love bad films. the scenes shift suddenly with long black-outs you could drive a mack truck through. cartoon lightning crashes across shots without even bothering to show the sky. eighties eyeshadow assaults the viewer. but ya know, it grew on me. i felt sorry for it. i wanted to hug it, kiss it's boo-boos and make it better. the ending doesn't make up for the damage it's caused but i grinned anyway. i have my own theories regarding the whole "banned" hype and hope that anyone who chooses to view this film does so with substantial substance abuse and a sense of humor. otherwise pass.

i've never really considered myself much of "student" when it comes to watching films, i watch them, form an opinion and that's it. but unhinged changed all this. this film is without a doubt the most inept attempt at film making i've ever seen. every kid who rocks up at university thinking they're gonna be the next spielberg or tarantino needs to be handed this film with a handbook titled "how not to make a film". not only is there no story to be had, the film makers weren't even competent enough to make a film worth watching. it's been a while since i saw it, but all i can say is watch the overhead tracking shots in the opening scenes. they are never ending! it's almost like having your teeth pulled, only not as much fun.

ever watched a movie that lost the plot? well, this didn't even really have one to begin with.where to begin? the achingly tedious scenes of our heroine sitting around the house with actually no sense of menace or even foreboding created even during the apparently constant thunderstorms (that are strangely never actually heard in the house-great double glazing)? the house that is apparently only a few miles from a town yet is several hours walk away(?) or the third girl who serves no purpose to the plot except to provide a surprisingly quick gory murder just as the tedium becomes unbearable? or even the beginning which suggests a spate of 20+ killings throughout the area even though it is apparent the killer never ventures far from the house? or the bizarre ritual with the salt & pepper that pretty much sums up most of the films inherent lack of direction.add a lead actress who can't act but at least is willing to do some completely irrelevant nude shower scenes and this video is truly nasty, but not in the way you hope.given a following simply for being banned in the uk in the 80's (mostly because of a final surprisingly over extended murder) it offers nothing but curiosity value- and one classic 'daft' murder (don't worry-its telegraphed at least ten minutes before).after a walk in the woods our victim comes to a rather steep upward slope which they obviously struggle up. halfway through they see a figure at the top dressed in black and brandishing a large scythe. what do they do? slide down and run like the rest of us? no, of course not- they struggle to the top and stand conveniently nice and upright in front of the murder weapon.it really is only a movie as they say..

twist endings can be really cool in a movie. it's especially interesting when the twist is right in front of our eyes, but we just don't pay attention. those type of twist endings are the one's that make people think. then we've got twists like this film has. twists that, whether or not you pay attention, you have no clue what's going to happen. when they reveal this kind of random twist, instead of shock, it's somewhat a dumbfounded reaction. this film starts off like it's going to be an interesting take on horror, but after about 20 minutes, it's nothing but boring dialogue and a stupid twist.three young women are going to a concert, so they get lost traveling through the woods, and hit a tree trunk. they end up at some old creepy lady's house, who hates men, and they are greeted by her homely daughter marion (laurel munson). strange goings on happen as these girls stay at this house for several days instead of trying to leave or get home, and the suspense progresses into a dumb slasher.this film is too caught up in it's dialogue, and it's always between only a few characters. we have the main three girls, the creepy spinster and the old lady, and conversation of any importance does not go beyond these five. to make matters worse, they never have anything interesting to say. it's actually quite maddening sitting through their conversations. we want to know what's going on, and instead they just talk and talk and talk (about nothing).plot holes are abundant here. the house these girls stay at when they get in their car accident is apparently three miles from anywhere...wow, three miles! a two hour or less walk will kill them. why didn't they get a ride with the worker for this household who was driving into town? did he have a one seater? how come these girls never question leaving and just willingly stay, rarely even checking up on each other? why did this have to have so many dumb twists? maybe the answers are in the boring script.having a slasher film with five characters is really a bad idea. it's not thrilling, it's not scary, and the ending is definitely out there, but undoubtedly dumb.my rating: * 1/2 out of ****. 79 mins. r for nudity and violence.

unhinged was part of the video nasty censorship film selection that the uk built up in the 80's. keeps the gory stuff out of the hands of children, don't you know! it must have left many wondering what the fuss was all about. by today's standard, unhinged is a tame little fairy tale.3 girls are off to a jazz concert... and right away, you know the body count is going to be quite low. they get lost in the woods, & wind up getting in a car accident that looks so fake it's laughable. they are picked up by some nearby residents that live in the woods in a creepy house. one of the girls is seriously injured and has to stay upstairs. then there's talking. talking about why the girls are here, and how they must be to dinner on time because mother doesn't like it when someone is late. and more talking. yakkity yak. some suspense is built as a crazy guy is walking around and harassing the girls, and someone's eyeball is looking through holes in the walls at the pretty girls in something that looks like hitchcock's psycho. i digress because there is so much blah blah in this film, that you wonder when the killings are going to start. in fact, one of the girls gets so bored out of her mind that she walks in the woods, alone, looking for the town. smart move. she probably knew about the lonely virgin walking alone in the woods part, but just didn't care. more talk continues after this as we wait, wait, and wait some more until the next girl may or may not be killed.and then there's the twist ending. the "expected" unexpected for some viewers, for others a real gotcha. quite possibly the only reason why someone would really want to watch this. i don't care how twisted it is, nothing in this movie makes up for the most boring time i had watching it. even with the minor impact of the ending, the director just didn't have what it takes to really deliver a good story with it. it would have made a much better 30 minute - 1 hour tv episode on say, tales from the darkside.if you really must get this for any reason, perhaps just to say you've watched every slasher movie, do yourself a favor and have the fast-forward button ready. since the movie has so many unimportant scenes, just zoom through them, and in no time, you'll get to the "wow, that's what it was all this time" ending. oh and halfway through the movie there's a shower scene with 2 girls showing boo-bees. horray for boo-bees. those beautiful buzzing honey-making boo-bees.

this movie was banned in england? why? tom savini, george romero, dario argento, lucio fulci and others had done far worse before and have continued to so since...this movie has all the basic elements of a decent 70s or early 80's horror film. good looking girls (who can't act to save their lives, by the way), a terrible lightning storm with a torrential downpour, a scythe, a crazy brother wandering around the family estate, and actually a pretty damn good twist at the end. but banned? seriously. when the english parliament banned this movie, the italians probably laughed their collective asses off at how backwards and prudish the brits really were.there was maybe two minutes of total screen time devoted to the violence and gore (which was greatly underdone). there was nudity but no sex although allusions to sex were made, obviously. but absolutely nothing worthy of being banned.i would like to see what could have been done if the filmmakers had a decent budget to work with. as it stands, the film is entertaining, but the lack of picture and sound quality take away from the end result.banned... what a joke...

i tried to like this slasher, like i try to enjoy all slasher films. i mean mindless slaying mixed with a little nudity and some suspense, how can you go wrong. but unhinged i think is an example of that formula going wrong. the main issue is the horrible acting of the main three girls that landed up in the house. it was as if they were under sedation, and it stopped me from ever getting interested in their plight. the film aims for suspense and creepiness but the by the numbers direction saps it of those, and leaves the movie pretty dull. it's a shame, because if the movie was better executed, it would have have been ace. the story and characters are pretty creepy and there are some dark and bizarrely humorous moments of interaction between the mother, the girls, and the daughter in the old house. there's some good nudity, and occasional splashy bloodletting, just not enough to give the film the kick it needed. the finale is pretty twisted and fearsome, and does give the film a big lift but sadly, its too little too late. so, in my opinion, one to avoid, unless you really love obscure slasher films. there's a fair amount of potential, but the film delivers too little to be worthwhile.

if one sits down to watch unhinged, it is probably because its advertisements, video boxes, whatever, scream that it was banned in the uk for over 20 years (as virtually every video nasty does). it's true; exploitation and taboo excites people and draws them in with their promise of controversy. being an exploitation fan, however, none of this was new to me. the advertisements that scream that the film was banned in the uk don't necessarily make me want to watch it; in fact, the first thing that usually pops into my head is how disgustingly paranoid british censors are. how i came to viewing this then is simple: it promised gore and it was only $6.99. the price alone alerted me not to have any hopes of this being the next halloween, but a cheap padding of your dvd collection never hurts. i did force myself, however, to watch it all in one sitting, because i find that deciding to save the rest for another day makes you even less inspired to finish it. so anyway, after 90 minutes of unhinged, i found that i had come across the cheapest sleeping aid in existence. i think the distributors could make a fortune if they simply changed their marketing technique.the layout of unhinged is of any common slasher from the 80s. there's unnecessary shower scenes and exploitative gore. that's about it. anyway, it starts with a group of three attractive co-eds crashing their car on the way to a concert. though two of them (terry and nancy) are okay, one (gloria) is severely injured and is out of commission for the rest of the movie. they are rescued and receive shelter at a mansion (that happens to have no phone, of course) with rather strange occupants: marion is a middle-aged woman with a man-hating mother who constantly accuses marion of sneaking men into the house in order to sleep with them (echoes of psycho?). she also happens to have a crazy brother carl who lives in the woods, because her mother's hatred for men is so intense that she refuses to let him stay in the house. after hanging with marion for awhile, terry (our "hero") and nancy decide they must contact their parents. despite everyone's warnings, nancy braves the dangerous woods to make it to a phone (her fate is not hard to predict). after that, we see gloria again, who is then promptly butchered with an ax. when terry discovers that gloria has disappeared from her room, she decides something isn't right with this picture and sets out to find her missing friends. that may be easier said than done, however, with crazy carl lurking around after viewing unhinged, i read an overwhelming number of reviews declaring that unhinged worked perfectly because it took its time to build its subject matter that created real tension by the time the moment of truth comes at the end. normally, i do not drag other people's opinions into my reviews (especially when they contradict my views), but in this case, i was so puzzled by their reactions that i thought it would be relevant to mention. this is because in actuality, the film crawls. normally for the slow-building tactic to work, the audience must have a strong sense that the characters are in danger. oh sure, we see two of them get murdered, but between that are endless scenes of conversation and boredom. we are aware that there's a killer on the loose, but this is only focused on three times in the film; that means there's no reason to fear for the victims. instead, the film's events are explained not by the actions of the characters, but are drawn out for us by perpetual talking. if there's one thing i can assure you from watching this, it's that scenes of characters merely conversing with each other for 75 minutes are very tedious. none of this is helped by the atrocious acting. it seems that this was another case of the director needing actors and decided to gather his friends around instead of finding anyone with experience.of course, i'd be a liar if i said there wasn't one part of the movie that i enjoyed. specifically, the ending was one of the best i've ever seen in a slasher film; you just do not expect that to happen. just knowing that the director had the balls to do something like that is spectacular. ah, i won't spoil it for you, nor will i say that the ending completely makes up for the rest of the slow-moving film, but it definitely will get your attention. other than that, the other two murder scenes bring at least some faster paced material, but it's not like you couldn't tell exactly who was going to die fifteen minutes into the film. anyone looking for a bloodbath will be disappointed, however; those are the only scenes of gore present. that and, of course, no one scene can save an entire movie. i normally preach the doctrine that as long as there's action, the worse a movie is, the better it gets. unhinged only grasps one part of this concept. the whole film just feels luke-warm; there's potential alright, but the director either wasn't experienced enough to make it work or just didn't know what the hell he was doing.

there's only one thing i'm going to say about cat in the hat...as a kids movie and a good comedy movie it sucks...i lost track of how many terrible jokes in the movie that not only sucked but weren't exactly kid appropriate. oh and by the way the way the cat in the hat talked was annoying...as for the plot i completely forgot. who cares it sucked anyway. i'm not sure why mike myers joined but i think the writers were trying to make it sound like him in austin powers without the swinger talk and it overly succeeded- but so what it was annoying. don't see it-it belongs in the bottom 100.............................. the jokes are so unkiddy it's funny

shame shame shame on ua/dw for what you do! i was appalled. do not take kids to see this movie. the humor is totally inappropriate for children - plus they'll be bored and disappointed. certainly *we all* have read theo's wonderful children book and certainly we have expectations...but this is pure trash. dr. seuss would be ashamed and certainly would've never given his "thumbs up" at such a dastardly attempt to capitalize on a classic.what a pity. spend your money on the book. if you own a copy, then buy the book and donate it to a toys for tots program. this movie is not worth a "free" ticket viewing.stick with the book. the tv cartoon version works well if you want a visual portrayal - save your money...seriously. save your money - it will be on cable by saint patty's day.shame shame shame on what they do!!

an absolutely atrocious adaptation of the wonderful children's book. crude and inappropriate humor, some scary parts, and a sickening side story about the mom's boyfriend wanting to send the boy away to military school to get him out of the way makes this totally inappropriate for the kids who will most likely want to see it because of the book (3-8) yr olds. don't waste your money, your time, or your good judgement.

most movies i can sit through easily, even if i do not particularly like the movie. i am the type of person who recognizes great films even if i do not like the genre. this is the first movie i could not stand to watch. cat in the hat is the worst movie i have ever seen--and i've seen a lot of movies. the acting is okay (myers is good as the cat, it's just that he is really annoying). the silly songs the cat sings were boring and monotonous, even for the children in the audience. the plot drags on and on, and viewers must suffer through poor dialogue. the "witty" parental remarks are disgusting, not funny (i remember some awful comment about a garden hoe being compared to, well, a type of person people call a "ho"). even though the movie is really short, it seemed to last forever. do not waste your time. i know small kids who hated this movie. if children can't stand it, i do not know how any adults can. i would like to fume more about this film but i do not even feel like wasting anymore time writing this review about it. i hated it! so, in summary, do not spend 90 minutes of your life watching this! see a good movie!1/10 stars--the lowest review i have ever given a movie.

no redeeming features, this film is rubbish. its jokes don't begin to be funny. the humour for children is pathetic, and the attempts to appeal to adults just add a tacky smuttishness to the whole miserable package. sitting through it with my children just made me uncomfortable about what might be coming next. i couldn't enjoy the film at all. although my child for whom the dvd was bought enjoyed the fact that she owned a new dvd, neither she nor her sisters expressed much interest in seeing it again, unlike with monsters inc, finding nemo, jungle book, lion king, etc. which all get frequent requests for replays.

dr. seuss would sure be mad right now if he was alive. cat in the hat proves to show how movie productions can take a classic story and turn it into a mindless pile of goop. we have mike myers as the infamous cat in the hat, big mistake! myers proves he can't act in this film. he acts like a prissy show girl with a thousand tricks up his sleeve. the kids in this movie are all right, somewhere in between the lines of dull and annoying. the story is just like the original with a couple of tweaks and like most movies based on other stories, never tweak with the original story! bringing in the evil neighbor quin was a bad idea. he is a stupid villain that would never get anywhere in life.this movie is like a rejected comic strip from the newspaper if you think about it. the film sure does look tacky! sure there are a funny adult jokes like where the cat cuts of his tail and the censor goes off before he says a naughty word, mildly funny. at least the grinch had spunk, and the film was actually good! this film is a cartoonish piece of snot with bright colors and bad mediocre acting. was mike myers even in this movie actually? and another thing, the fish. what is with that stupid fish! first time you see him, he's an actual fish. next time you see him, he's all animated and talking. but he looks like an animated piece of rubber play dough! this film is a total off target wreck. good joke, bad joke, bad, bad, bad, good joke! i'm surprised it even had good jokes like the water park ride joke, that was good. so please if you have the choice, watch the grinch instead of this mess.

spend your time any other way, even housework is better than this movie. the jokes aren't funny, the fun rhymes that are dr. seus aren't there. a very lousy way to waste an evening. my kids 4-16 laughed a little at the beginning the younger ones got bored with it and left to play barbies and the older ones left to play ps2 and surf the net. my wife left and did dishes. so i finished it alone. it was the worst "kids" movie i have seen. if you want to watch a fun kids movie watch shrek 2, that movie is fun for kids and their parents. avoid this movie. it isn't funny, isn't cute, the cat's makeup is about the only good thing in it and you can see that on the disc label.

i've seen some bad things in my time. a half dead cow trying to get out of waist high mud; a head on collision between two cars; a thousand plates smashing on a kitchen floor; human beings living like animals.but never in my life have i seen anything as bad as the cat in the hat.this film is worse than 911, worse than hitler, worse than vllad the impaler, worse than people who put kittens in microwaves.it is the most disturbing film of all time, easy.i used to think it was a joke, some elaborate joke and that mike myers was maybe a high cocaine sniffing drug addled betting junkie who lost a bet or something.i shudder

i was so looking forward to seeing this when it was in production.but it turned out to be the the biggest let down. a far cry from the whimsical world of dr seuss. it was vulgar and distasteful i don't think dr seuss would have approved.how the grinch stole christmas was much better. i understand it had some subtle adult jokes in it but my children have yet to catch on. whereas the cat in the hat screamed vulgarity they caught a lot more than i would have liked.growing up with dr seuss it really bothered me to see how this timeless classic got trashed on the big screen .lets see what they do with horton hears a who.i hope this one does dr seuss some justice.

holy cow, what a piece of sh*t this movie is. i didn't how these filmmakers could take a 250 word book and turn it into a movie. i guess they didn't know either! i don't remember any farting or belching in the book, do you?they took this all times childrens classic, added some farting, belching and sexual inuindo, and prostituted it into a kaka joke. this should give you a good idea of what these hollywood producers think like. i have to say, visually it was interesting, but the brilliant visual story is ruined by toilet humor (if you even think that kind of thing is funny) i don't want the kids that i know to think it is.don't take your kids to see, don't rent the dvd. i hope the ghost of doctor suess ghost comes and haunts the people that made this movie.

when my own child is begging me to leave the opening show of this film, i know it is bad. i wanted to claw my eyes out. i wanted to reach through the screen and slap mike myers for sacrificing the last shred of dignity he had. this is one of the few films in my life i have watched and immediately wished to "unwatch", if only it were possible. the other films being 'troll 2' and 'fast and furious', both which are better than this crap in the hat.i may drink myself to sleep tonight in a vain attempt to forget i ever witnessed this blasphemy on the good seuss name.to mike myers, i say stick with austin or even resurrect waynes world. just because it worked for jim carrey, doesn't mean seuss is a success for all canadians.

well i guess i know the answer to that question. for the money! we have been so bombarded with cat in the hat advertising and merchandise that we almost believe there has to be something good about this movie. i admit, i thought the trailers looked bad, but i still had to give it a chance. well i should have went with my instincts. it was a complete piece hollywood trash. once again proving that the average person can be programed into believing anything they say is good, must be good. aside from the insulting fact that the film is only about 80 minutes long, it obviously started with a moth eaten script. it's chock full of failed attempts at senseless humor, and awful pastel sceneries. it jumps all over the universe with no destination nor direction. this is then compounded with, ............................yes i'll say it, bad acting! i couldn't help but feel like i was watching "coffee talk" on snl every time mike myers opened his mouth. was the cat intended to be a middle aged jewish woman? spencer breslin and dakota fanning were no prize either, but mr. myers should disappear under a rock somewhere until he's ready to make another austin powers movie. f-, no stars, 0 on a scale of 1-10. save your money!

the sun was not shining, it was too wet to play, so i went to the movies, that cold, cold, wet date day."the cat in the hat" was the name of the flick, and when it was over, my stomach was sick.mike myers played the cat, his humor was lame, and kids needn't see this, the humor was not tame.the film was like drinking milk, from a rabid cow, so it is fun to have fun, yet the filmmakers didn't know how.this film, in short is atrocious. the acting was bad, the plot was tweaked too much, and the humor was surprisingly very crude.it starts with conrad and sally, a rule breaker and a future sheriff. when their mother has to go to work, she gets mrs. kwan to babysit. possibly the lone funny part in the movie is when mrs. kwan is watching a taiwanese court room, a `la c-span. she soon falls asleep, and here comes the cat.the film starts to spiral out of control. the cat came to try to let the kids have some fun. he's got thing 1 and thing 2, who suddenly start trashing the house. he improvises a tv infomercial, and accidentally slices his tail off. and when the cat goes full carmen miranda, it's not funny. possibly his only funny disguise is as a hippie activist. and there's a fish who tries warning the kids about the cat.too bad he didn't warn us this film was as much fun as sour milk, or chopping your tail off.soon the kids are outside looking for the family dog, who has the key to a crate on his collar. if the crate is not locked soon, their house will be home to the cat's universe. here it gets a little more interesting, but not enough to save the film.the acting, overall, is horrible. mike meyers brings his brand of irreverent austin powers humor to the cat, saying things like "you dirty ho" and imagining himself as a woman for the rest of his life after a whack in the testicles while posing as a pinata. spencer breslin is great as the trouble-making conrad, and dakota fanning is cute as sally, though they alone are not enough to save this horrendous aortic dissection waiting to kill john ritter(accident waiting to happen). alec baldwin's slick and slimey lawrence quinn is disgusting, ever trying to woo the kids mom, who is played by kelly preston. and sean hayes is mr. humberfloob, mom's boss, and is also the voice of the fish. the latter three are also bland.overall, if i were a parent i would not take my kids who are into potty humor, cause there's plenty of it and more. save your $7.00 and see something else. as the late great dr. seuss once said,it is fun to have fun, but you have to know how. really, universal, stop! theodore's already turning over in his grave.like my mom always says, "curiousity killed the cat".- the cat in the hat * out of *****

one star for the "plot". one star for the acting. one star for the dubbing into squeaky-voiced american. five stars for monica broeke and inge maria granzow, with their propensity for taking all their clothes off. and ten out of ten for the divine emmanuelle béart, two years before she made 'manon des sources'. béart also undresses a couple of times, but even fully-clothed her presence is enough to make this film eminently watchable. watch out for the scene where she tells her friend about the three "first times" for a girl. it's corny, but still far more erotic than the rather laughably choreographed "love scenes" featuring broeke, granzow and patrick bauchau. incidentally, the cinematography is not great; the stills for the closing credits are a better indication of what david hamilton is capable of.

this ludicrous film offers the standard 1970's "hippie mentality" in a nut shell and bores us in the process. its an attempt to rationalize absurd marriages of young, innocent women with old age sex fiends and wash ups. a naive young hippy played by the waif-like ( kay lenz ) hitch hikes and sleeps with all the wrong guys, and then one day she meets the ridiculous (holden), already in old age, hard liquor drinking and washed up as an actor, and she decides that she is in "love" with him. if you think that is superficial, the whole film encapsulates such scenes. she keeps saying how much she "loves" him and she only met him, it wears thin and really quick. i couldn't help but laugh throughout the film. its obvious she's just using him as a meal ticket but the director is immature enough to think we are going to buy that there is actually any love taking place. a disgusting scene is where the two are naked and having sex, i had to fast forward it because it almost inspired me to vomit. a corny offering of music from the 70's is also spread through the film. avoid this if you can. grade d.

the only thing that surprises me more than the number of people who liked this movie is that it was directed by clint eastwood, whose work i admire immensely. the leads had absolutely no chemistry. not for a second could i believe that there was anything deeper than lust between them. the story just didn't ring true. add to that stilted conversation, tons of stereotypes, and an incredibly slow plot that basically leads nowhere, and you've got yourself a real stinker. kay lenz's nude scenes might be worthwhile for those seeking some salacious fare, but otherwise this is a colossal waste of time. my thoughts as i watched the movie was that itwould have been better titled "cheesy."

this is a terrible film, and not one scene has an ounce of truthful emotion. the characters are uninflected, obviously drawn, predictable and the story line is obvious and typical hollywood wish fulfillment.william holden (so sad to see him in this role) was 55 when this film was made, but he's playing someone in his early 40s and looks like he's in his 60s. kay lenz was 20 and was scripted to find him irresistibly attractive. i think the dog they found by the side of the road was sexier and had more life than their erotic connection.holden's character--the same age as clint eastwood when he directed this film, (not) coincidentally--is placed with obvious trappings of 60s pre-hippie cool: the bachelor pad, the swinging hi-fi, the lunches at yamashiro. but the film is ridiculously uncool, a clanging claptrap of old fogies desperately wishing that the free spirits they saw on sunset and in laurel canyon would find them and their big honkin' cars sexy.ugh. youth culture was never that desperate. and i shudder to think that bill holden was so desperate for youth that he took this embarrassing part.

trifling romantic drama directed by clint eastwood about the loving relationship which grows between a comely hippie (kay lenz) and a los angeles real estate agent in his golden years (william holden, surprisingly affable within this highly-concocted arrangement). the script is slight but not without some thoughtful passages; still, the scenario is such a middle-aged cliché by now that most of the picture comes off as puerile. it may have worked much better with different leads: holden and lenz don't match up well (her stature is so slight he seems to tower over her), making their intimate scenes less stirring than simply uncomfortable. dated, blurry-romantic, and mostly unmemorable. ** from ****

you have a strong stomach. holden was actually 55 years old at filming but looked near 70 and he only lived another 8 years. at one point holden said, "i am over twice your age." okay, try triple grandpa! the "old enough to be your father" theme they were shooting for didn't work. granted senior citizens sometimes wind up with legal teens. more power to them, but that doesn't mean i want to watch it. it's not a matter of judgment but the digestive track. i like my food where it belongs. lenz is fun to watch and the 70s cars, clothes, furniture, etc. make it worth it if it comes on cable late at night and you want to watch something to wind down for bed. it would have been nice to see the blonde friend of lenz, the one who hocked her guitar, get more scenes. pleasingly spacey... who was this chick? i'm going to try and find out.

the storyplot was okay by itself, but the film felt very bubbly and fake. it also had the worst ending. they were probably going for a surprise ending, but all it did was leave me the question of what the whole point of the story was. all other teen movies are better than this one.

sugar &spice is one of the worst movies of 2001. the film tries to cross heathers and bring it on and fails . when i saw last january i was so disgusted by the film that i walked and talked on my cell phone to my girlfriend for the last half hour of the movie. i've heard that the dvd has a director's cut maybe i'll check it out, but this pg-13 trash movie is s*** and the worst kind of s***. maybe if the film had some t&a that would've have made it okay. but the gags are lame and the acting is horrible. worse than a troma film.

i wanted to see this movie ever since it was first advertised on tv. i went to tinsel town to see it last night at 7:40. i regret the day that wasted my ticket on this trash when i could of saw something better. the beginning was all a bunch sex trash and cliches. they exaggerated the way love works in reality. all of the girls were stereo types. the boyfriend was too stupid for his own age. the passing gases that the pregnant girl kept having barely got any laughs. the bank robbery was completely boring with gags that have been used in other movies. their getaway car was an old beat up chevy van that they claimed that had no breaks. hey why didn't they get nice girlish vehicle for the robbery instead? it might have boosted the audience opinion about the movie. this movie was very low low low low low budgeted since nothing in there was damaged or destroyed. this movie had a lot of stuff in it that would drive christian people nuts. hey i even expected a car chase scene because all bank robbing movies have car chases but i but there was never any. so i rate this movie b which stands for low budgeted and 1 out of ten stars.

i can't believe it that was the worst movie i have ever seen in my life. i laughed a couple of times. ( probably because of how stupid it was ) if someone paid me to see that movie again i wouldn't. the plot was so horrible , it made no sense , and the acting was so bad that i couldn't even tell if they were trying. that movie was terrible rating: f

i tried to watch this movie three separate times. the night i rented it. got through about 20 minutes hoping it would be better if i had a night's rest. watched 15 more the next day, almost vomited at how stupid it was... it wasn't even funny stupid which is sometimes a fun movie to watch but this movie was just crap with a capital s (if you know what i mean in the censored world we live in). and finally on the third day i watched over an hour of the dumb thing and i didn't enjoy one single moment! not even one. how did this script get greenlighted. oh boy!g1/10 - the one is for cheerleaders... they deserve at least something for all their hardwork.

please, spare me of these movies that teach us that crime is fun and justified. couple that with a vacuous script with an intense desire to be a farrelly or a coen brother, plus the lives of yet another group of supposedly high school age people acting out their dawson creek-brand teen angst complete with a genxyz soundtrack that woefully tries to make the movie "feel" cool and, we have intensely and painfully inept satire.this isn't even watered-down 'ferris bueller'...i'd rather watch a traffic light change.only one scene stands out as anywhere near worth the price of admission: when the betty masked girls meet a richard nixon masked friend. it's a surreal moment. priceless even.but for the rest of it, i'd rather have a toothache. at least i can apply some benzocaine(tm) to stop the pain.

ok, i have watched the original french version. but i can't imagine this being better with subtitles.all i have to say that this is the most boring movie i have seen in a long time. there are almost no redeeming qualities to this film. that's why i can't understand all the positive reviews. it might be realistic in a sense but some real stories are best left untold.i usually like slow paced movies as long as it serves the purpose of the movie. tarkovsky's solaris is extremely slow paced but it allows introspection and sets the mood of the film for example. but in this case, the movie is just filed with mindless dialog that manage to tell us little about the characters. none of which i could identify with or care for. in a lot of the scenes i found myself thinking: "when are they going to shut up"? the acting was pretty bad. not in an overacting obvious kind of way. but it seems none of the actors cared about their characters and they all looked like they wanted to be elsewhere in most of the scenes. this might be due to the uninspired dialog they were given. also the whole flow of the movie felt quite mechanical. going from one scene to the next. it seems this movie was just written (badly) but never directed.this is one of the few films that i can say generated no emotional response from any of the scenes. no suspense, no fear, no anticipation, no sorrow, no introspection, no intellectual stimulation, no interest what so ever.a perfect example of what i call an anti-movie.

frank sinatra plays a no-goodnik ex-soldier and frustrated writer, hard-living and hard-drinking, who returns to his midwestern hometown and reunites with his estranged brother (arthur kennedy), now the town big-shot with a disinterested wife and headstrong daughter. frank gets involved with gambler dean martin, uneducated flooze shirley maclaine, and has some run-ins with the law, but what he really wants to do is write and settle down with a good woman. over-simplified drama verging on soap opera, with a role for maclaine that is by turns overly 'colorful' and embarrassingly sentimental (her drunken belting on "after you've gone" is however the film's highlight, and is expertly handled). director vincente minnelli oversees it in straight-forward fashion, but he's in surprisingly glum spirits and most of the big scenes are flat or dense. the picture looks incredibly handsome in widescreen, with a nice eye for detail and composition, but the story and these characters are stuck in the dregs. ** from ****

vincente minelli movies are usually worth your time; meet me in st louis, the bad and the beautiful. i awaited this movie with great interest. but what a disappointment. some came running is scene after scene of go-nowhere fatalism. sinatra is a sad sack, returned from the war to find disappointing family relationships, a disappointing floozy hanging on him, living in disappointing digs as a gal persuades him to finish his disappointing writing project. the movie has a big dramatic finish in which a disappointing villain catches up with sinatra and macclane and something disappointing happens. the sequence is intended to be tension-filled but minelli is no hitchcock; he gets so distracted by pretty colors, he doesn't notice the scene is a wheezing cliché and the characters are so thinly-drawn and poorly developed we don't particularly care that they get shot. (especially macclane) but that's the only real cinematography in the project. otherwise we look at constipated characters standing around bars & living rooms getting on each others nerves for two hours. hell is other people, apparently.there is nothing going on in this movie. the dilemma of soldiers returning to displacement and indifference after ww2 is handled more deftly in 'the best years of our lives.' and either of two inge products, 'splendor in the grass' and 'picnic' covers the desperation of being trapped in a dead-end town, with much more poignance.

poor performances by sinatra, martin and hyer. grossly underdeveloped supporting characters. annoying talky with no real plot. ending leaves you flatter than a pancake, with more loose ends than you could tie up in four sequels (that is, if you even cared about these wooden characters). maclaine is the only real asset. that penultimate sequence in which the "chicago hood" searches for the sinatra character is laughable. the music in that sequence also is poor. and in the final scene when martin's character removes his hat for the woman he called a "pig," almost made me go outside and find a stone to throw through my television screen.

but i doubt many were running to see this movie. or "some came running out of the cinema". okay, that's a bit harsh.the film starts in an unintentionally comical way: frankie-boy comes back to his hometown after many years (this already smells of clichés) and the whole town is shaken by his arrival: he is talked about, everyone wants to talk to him, and every woman he meets flirts with him like there's no tomorrow - even his niece hints that she would gladly have dropped her date to chat with frankie-boy a little longer! even his pretty niece wants a piece of him! sounds like one of those laughable "mike hammer" episodes where every single female wants stacey keach. and, like stacey keach, frankie-boy is anything but a good-looking woman's wet dream. in real life, someone like sinatra (without the fame) wouldn't get within 100 m of someone as beautiful as maclaine. but in this hollywood movie it's the other way around: maclaine is absolutely nuts about frankie-boy, but he couldn't care less! sinatra plays his "cool" shtick much too often in his movies, and it is rarely credible. dean martin is kind of miscast; he isn't miscast as a card-player, but rather because of the accent which simply doesn't suit him. maclaine is charming as ever, but she plays a caricature - and this reliance on caricatures is one of the basic problems with the film. the main characters are all some sort of stereotypes out of bad or seen-it-all-before movies and cheap novels; frankie is the "cool cat" who comes back to town to get all the women, and he couldn't care less about his writing (which, predictably, eventually garners recognition); martin is a sleazy but friendly card-player; maclaine is the dumb, but very likable bimbo; frankie's blond love-interest is a snotty literary expert; frankie's brother is the successful guy who married into his wife's business and has a lousy marriage; and so on. clichés.the story contains a couple of coincidences which are a little too far-fetched for my taste: frankie just happens to bump into his niece in a locale; his niece just happens to be meters away from her daddy when the latter kisses his secretary for the first time; and then there is the awful, stupid ending.in it, a drunk guy bent on killing frankie-boy somehow manages to find him in a carnival of all places! the place is utterly crowded, with the typical noise and chaos - plus it's happening in the evening - and yet the guy somehow finds frankie (in spite of being drunk as a doorknob) and shoots at him. but guess who he kills? maclaine. she jumps in front of the bullet to save frankie: a cliché which comic-book writers might cringe at. this utterly pathetic, over-dramatic, and annoying ending certainly cannot please any, even semi-intelligent, viewer. and this happens on the same day that maclaine and sinatra got married! the writer of this nonsense seems to have read crappy dime novels his whole life - how else is the writing of this movie to be explained? there is even a card game in which a brawl ensues with frankie & martin vs. some cliché caricatures out of the writer's "vivid" imagination. (it was like a damn western suddenly.) another dumb thing is the way sinatra was crazy about the boring snotty-nosed bimbo and pretty much ignored maclaine. as the movie progresses we find out that sinatra finds maclaine to be too dumb for him, just as the blond bimbo finds sinatra to be too low-class for her. there is a certain snobbism and disdain to be detected in the script regarding maclaine. maclaine is treated as worthless by everyone, while the blond bimbo is treated as a princess and an intellectual; the ironic truth is that the latter's character comes off as rather dumb and not at all as intellectual; her behaviour, comments, and opinions are mostly clichéd, silly, confused, pretentious, and primitive. at least maclaine's character knows that she (maclaine) is dumb. there is another irony that i didn't fail to notice: sinatra had trouble finding an ending for his latest story - much like the writer of this movie, and that's why he came up with the corny, crappy finale.the film basically has a solid cast, and the photography is nice, but the script, though sometimes okay, relies to heavily on silly nonsense instead of on reality-based characters and events.if you're interested in reading my "biographies" of shirley maclaine and other hollywood intellectuals, contact me by e-mail.

[***possible spoilers***] this movie's reputation precedes it, so it was with anticipation that i sat down to watch it in letterbox on tcm. what a major disappointment.the cast is superb and the production values are first-rate, but the characters are without depth, the plot is thin, and the whole thing goes on too long. for a movie that deals with alcoholism, family divisions, unfaithfulness, gambling, and sexual repression, the movie is curiously flat, prosaic, lifeless, and cliche-ridden. one example is the portrayal of frank hirsch's unfaithfuness: his rather heavy-handed request to his wife to "go upstairs and relax a bit" followed by her predictable pleading of a headache, leads - even more predictably - to his evening liaison with his secretary ("hey nancy, i've got the blues tonight. let's go for a drive"), all according to well-worn formula. we don't feel these are real people, but cardboard cutouts acting in a marionette play. also, the source of the obvious friction between frank and dave hirsch is never really explored or explained. dave's infatuation with the on-again/off-again gwen is inexplicable in light of her fatuous inability to defecate or get off the pot. his subsequent marriage of desperation to the shirley maclaine/ginny character is, from the moment of its being presented to this viewer, anyway, obviously doomed to fail, and it was clear - by the conventions of this type of soap opera - that it could only be resolved by someone being killed. the moment the jealous lover started running around with the gun i started a bet with myself as to who - dave or ginny - would get killed. the whole thing was phony with a capital 'p'. having said that, maclaine's performance and that of dean martin are the standouts here. but on the whole i find the movie's interest to be purely that of a period piece of hollywood history.

this film has been receiving a lot of play lately during the day on either hbo or cinemax. the reason is that they are assuming people would be interested in comparing it to the leonardo dicaprio/tom hanks caper of the same name. the only reason to see it is for the attractive matt lattanzi. yum! although i must say matt was more than a little long in the tooth to be playing a high schooler. if he were a woman, they'd have had him playing the mother of a high schooler! (is is just me, or is his daughter starting to look like shelley duvall?) oh yeah, the plot--who cares? typical teen highjinx played by adults.

wow! i remember so many awful films that loosely revolved around high school from the early 1980s. they usually had someincredibly strained plot and lots of 27 year old actors pretending to be students. as i watched this film i felt a little of the nostalgia of growing up in the 1980s. however, then i find out that this film was made in 1989? say what! well, the nostalgia factor ends right there, this is just bad. the plot has the city preparing to close a high school and threatening to bus all of the students to inner city high schools. which is odd, in that the students at this school are both wealthy and abundant. in fact, the main character lives in a mansion. makes you wonder how they cannot find money to keep this school alive, have they never heard of property taxes. oh, but here is the kicker. the school board says that they will keep the school alive, if the students can raise $200,000. so the seniors go about doing this. hmmm, you raise $200,000 but instead of saving that for college, you put it towards saving the high school that you are a senior in? and why exactly would they close an overpopulated school before the year is out? and...ahh forget it, this film was stupid and made in 1989!?

the plot of this film is not strong at all, lots of holes. if you approach it as a car movie its not bad, lots of great cars in this one. the reason i like it is because i am from the area where this was filmed. i get the most enjoyment looking at the recognizable places in st. cloud mn and seeing how the town has changed since 89. its an interesting historical piece for us locals. seems like whenever a film is made here everyone wants some relationship to it. it is impossible to find a copy in any of the local video stores as they were all stolen once it came out on vhs. had to get a copy from japan on ebay i find it interesting how the path of the drag race is all over town. i didn't know the director was from st.cloud.

story of a good-for-nothing poet and a sidekick singer who puts his words to music. director danny boyle has lost none of his predilection for raking in the gutter of humanity for characters but he has lost, in this film, the edge for creating inspiring and funny films. strumpet is painful to watch and barely justified by the fact that it was made for tv.

this utterly dull, senseless, pointless, spiritless, and dumb movie isn't the final proof that the world can forget about danny boyle and his post-"trainspotting" movies: "the beach" already took care of that. what this low-budget oddity does is merely to secure his place among those who started very well but got completely lost in drugs, booze, ego, self-delusion, bad management or whatever it was that lead to this once-promising director's quick demise.the premise is absurd: two losers (ecclestone and some bimbo jenna g - a rapper, likely) meet by chance and spontaneously start singing with fervour more akin to lunatic asylum inhabitants than a potential hit-making duo - which they become. a friend of theirs - an even bigger illiterate loser - becomes their manager by smashing a store window and stealing a video-camera by which he films them in "action", and then shows the tape to some music people who actually show interest in this garbage. now, i know that the uk in recent years has put out incredible junk, but this is ridiculous; the music makes oasis seem like the beatles. during the studio recordings, the duo - strumpet - change lyrics in every take and ecclestone quite arrogantly tells the music biz guys to take it or leave it, and quite absurdly they do take it. not only is the music total and utter trash, but its "performers" are anti-social; these newcomers are supposed to be calling the shots. it's just too dumb. it's plain awful.the dialog is unfunny and goes nowhere, and this rags-to-bitches story has no point and makes no sense. it often feels improvised - under the influence of drugs. danny boyle is a complete idiot. this little piece of trash is so bad it's embarrassing to watch. ecclestone's i.q. also has to be questioned for agreeing to be part of this nonsense. whoever financed this £1000 joke should leave the movie business before they end up selling their own underwear on street corners.

way back when i was renting videos for free i picked this one up. oops the things i wanted to mention outside the summary already given were these. 1: someone who had a lot to do with making this movie had a strange and sick fascination for food, it was gross and unecessary. 2: there is some kind of a soundtrack in the background of the film that seems to be there the entire time and by the way i felt for days after viewing this trash i figure they had something subliminal going on in the track. either that or it was just traumatisingly bad or both. many times throughout the movie you can tell the writer and director did not have much experience or talent. and don't even ask about the acting.

i've been trying to track down this film just by googling bad phrases about "teenagers seduce and kill man in his house" and such. i think i first saw parts of this film when i was about 10 years old when it was running on cable. it made quite an impression! it's the kind of film that kids know they shouldn't be watching, and switch the channel when their parents come in. when i saw who the cast was, i couldn't believe that some of these good actors were in such a horrible movie. then again, if you like to see men who cheat on their wives get murdered, then this is an interesting film. also, if i recall, there's some pretty interesting pseudo-lesbian moments. probably the dumbest ending of all time, but still...memorable.

there is a lot of talk of torture these days. that's all this movie is. it's about a good person who makes a bad decision. because of his kindness, he becomes vulnerable to two psychotic women. from then on its a just-for-kicks assault on him. i don't know at what point you do something about it. there is a wife and child out there somewhere; he has great feelings of guilt and fear. but there should have been some times when he could have acted. the movie seems to be somebody's joke. i suppose in the wake of the manson murders, we had a bit of a fixation on the likes of these two. nevertheless, why would someone make a film like this? what appeals does it have except for sadism. the conclusion is totally unsatisfying, but that could have been remedied with an obvious plot twist. oh, well. another hour and a half of my life.

this 1977 cult movie has two crazed lesbians (sandra locke & colleen camp) appearing at the home of wealthy socialite doctor george manning (seymour cassel), in hope of help in locating a residence they can't seem to find. but these two have other plans in mind, when they find out george's wife is out of town, they end up taking control of the residence, tying up the george, killing a delivery boy while destroying the place all in one evening. bizarre and disturbing movie, but the two get there just reward in the same bizarre way as the movie ends. most will either dislike it right off or get caught up in this ludicrous movie after about 30 minutes into it. either way some even consider this a cult classic.larry dodson

i guess that this movie is based on some kind of a true story.... it's about two young girls who molest a grown man for 48hrs.; i don't see where the terror comes into play here.... there are some "weird' and "surreal" sequences in the movie. and the two girls (sandra locke and...ah...oh well) play the roll of two psycho-man haters to the hilt...they do a pretty good job (although some of it is just a tad over the top). the movie's not good, and it's not horrible; it's just really really dated! i mean this thing is dripping with the 70's.... it's not really bad if you like that sort of thing...you know...that thang?

this is an atrocious movie. two demented young women seduce and torture a middle aged man. there's not much to give away in regards to a plot or a "spoiler". i would only comment that the ending is nearly the most preposterous part of the flick. much of the film involves locke and camp cackling obnoxiously, all the while grinning psychotically at the camera. add to this a soundtrack that repeats again and again, including a vaudevillian song about "dear old dad" that suggests an incestuous quality the viewer never really sees. the music is annoying at first, then ends up subjecting the viewer to a torture worse than that depicted on the screen. the theme here is of youth run amok, understandable as a reaction to the '60s, but done with little imagination or style. avoid it!

so this guy named george is sitting home alone on his birthday when two women show up. george's wife is at a hospital taking care of their son so when the wife is away george gets in the bubble bath and makes love to both of the girls. it isn't that great of a scene because it really doesn't show anything. after that the birthday boy wakes up the next morning and the girls are still at his house. they make him a nice breakfast but george isn't hungry. george isn't very happy and he tries to ditch them but when he gets home the girls are still at his house. the girls have had enough with old george and no longer want to cook for them. they both turn out to be major psychopaths and use george in their little crazy game. i liked that the girls just did what they wanted and messed up george's house. george wasn't really that great to his two guests. when george said he was a married man, he really didn't seem to mean it. george looked like tom tucker on family guy. i was for the two girls the whole time.

a text prologue warns us that we should not allow evil to enter our house, but i think the more apt word is "entropy." good grief, what slobs these two babes are!george (seymour cassell) is alone in his san francisco office and his monstrously expensive home in tiburon while his wife and child are away in san diego. two girls (sondra locke as jackson and colleen camp as donna) knock on his door, asking directions. well, it's raining, and they're shivering like two drenched pitiful kittens, and they're not sure of the address they're looking for, and, what with one thing and another, george invites them to come in and partake of his pizza by the fire. all three of them wind up in george's bath tub and there follows about five minutes of mostly undifferentiated nudity in double exposure, triple exposure, quadruple exposure, and dodekakuple exposure. they spend the night in a threesome and the next morning the girls fix him breakfast. but something has gotten slightly cockeyed because georgie's guests gobble everything down with their fingers and pour ketchup and syrup all over the linen and -- "you eat like animals!", george exclaims and tells them to get out. in his dreams. now, don't get me wrong. sondra locke is an extraordinary looking young blond with cobalt-blue eyes and colleen camp bounces around like a superball. you gotta say, they breed 'em mighty cute down there in shelbyville, tennessee, where locke comes from, and they breed 'em with bodacious tushes too, as we can't help but note after the first five or ten minutes.but when the girls go berserk, so does the movie. the film is thereafter bathed in a garish green light. the pair put on ghoulish makeup and make gargoyle faces at themselves in the mirrors. they brain a delivery boy and then drown him to make sure. they cuss up a storm and smash windows and furniture. they have one of those scenes in which two people sit across the table from one another, licking food and then jumping each other's bones. and georgie? they first render georgie unconscious with mace (which contains nothing that you can't find in that little red bottle of mcilheny's tabasco sauce in your kitchen cabinet), tie him up, pour flour and milk all over him, subject him to a psychotic trial, put him through one of those tolstoy-type semi-executions, slap him around, dress up in outlandish costumes, then prance out on him and his virtually destroyed upper-middle-class home, and are dispatched by a delivery van ex machina.as for the acting, it's as if someone had told georgie, "first act polite to these girls, then act panicked after you're tied up." and to the girls: "first act shy, unwilling to impose on anyone, then act crazy." and that's it. the photography and location work are straight out of a 1970s porn movie. i'm not sure that suggests a total lack of skill. it takes effort and talent to turn san francisco ugly. the score gives us two leitmotivs. georgie's is some pop tune with lyrics about "being free" and "giving in." jackson and donna's is a catchy rinky-tink thing called "my good old dad." i approve of the moral lesson behind the story, though. there are some things you should simply not give in to, even though they might look like a lot of fun at first. all very educational.

i am a fan of the previous best of the best films. but this one was awful. no wonder i had such a hard time finding it. i tried 4 video rental stores, until i found one with a copy of this movie. the acting was terrible, the plot was a joke, and the action was bad as well.i really miss alex grady, travis brigley, and the original kickboxing characters and theme that this film had with the first 2 movies.john

believe it or not,this movie is worse than number three.it's slower,the acting is worse,and the story is very weak.there isn't a lot of good to say about this movie.even the fight scenes are more dull than number three,and i would have thought that impossible.this is a very slow 90 minutes.painful,in fact.i stuck it through,hoping it would get better.if you really want to see this movie,you should try to find a cheap rental of it.it is hard to find(for purchase,that is)and probably for good reason.like number three,this movie has nothing to do with the first two.it is the same in name only.anyway,the most i can give best of the best:without warning is 2/10

a below average looking video game is turned into some sort of conspiracy to have the next terrorist discovered in the usa backyard. welcome to the lunacy of cheaply made direct to video movies. its full of no-name actors and actresses with little valuable plot.anyway, this strange game goes on and our "hero" bets real money and does good at it. it is sort of like gambling, except the gambling part is gone and it sucks. instead its an online game with little real value and you get authorities on your tail if you do good.what makes it even stranger is that two strange computer programs battle it out somehow and all is saved in the end. i will leave the viewer to see how it all comes to fruition.overall, not even worth a $1 rental. borrow it, please. "d-"

i can't believe i watched this expecting more. it starts out ok. this movie pushes the limits of reality way to far!! at least the first one was somewhat realistic. it rips off the first movie and even mentions the joshua project. anyone who knows anything about computers will hate this movie. it does have one good message in it though, watch out for big brother!!! the movie just makes it seem like big brother is way bigger than he actually is in reality. that was very aggravating. even the make-up on the actors was completely bad. some of the acting is pretty good. some of the acting is really bad though. the script was ok at some points and completely messed up at other parts. this movie plays on convenience about every five minutes. like i said, i can't believe i watched it expecting more. i think i am gonna pop in the original to get back to earth...q

i wondered why john wood was not playing dr. falken until i watched the film. bad plot, bad science, bad acting and overall a bad film. please don't watch this film. rent the original "war games" if you are feeling nostalgic.i didn't like the bending of the plot to beat-the-terrorist-threat idea either. in the first film w.o.p.r was built because russia had 1000s of warheads pointed at the u.s.a. in this film the idea behind the computer was to kill terrorist in training before they are a threat. politics aside, one of the good thing about the first film was the highlighting that even a stupid computer could grasp the idea of the pointlessness of war in the end. no such insight is offered in this film.

i don't think any player in hollywood history lasted as long as david niven did given most of the weak films he had to carry by dint of his incredible charm. he could act, got an oscar for it, but most of the material he did was as light as one ply of two ply tissue paper.happy go lovely is a case in point. it's a musical and for the most part you'll remember vera-ellen's dancing. you'll remember that they are in scot's costume as the film is set in edinburgh during their festival. but if you can recall a single song from it you must have a photographic memory.the plot is light. vera-ellen is the american lead in a musical that apparently is getting its out of town tryout in edinburgh. she starts in the chorus and runs late one day. she gets a lift from the chauffeur of a millionaire greeting card king. everybody now assumes she's the main squeeze of the millionaire. doors open up as they've never opened before.the millionaire is david niven and he goes along with it and the various situations that are engendered by the mistake. cesar romero has some good moments here as the frantic producer of this musical.in the end though happy go lovely is light and harmless fluff which david niven did so much of and got so tired of.

after highlander 2 (which i am still in denial about), i thought is was impossible to make a sequel that could make me cry because it was so bad. i was wrong. i loved the original wargames, however, this movie is inaccurate with computer details and details about the original movie. the original wargames at least had some hacks that worked. whoever wrote this movie knew nothing about computers except how to use a word processor. i doubt he or she even watched the original movie. the acting isn't even convincing. please save yourselves, under no circumstances watch this movie. i don't care if the channel is stuck on the tv and you can't turn the tv off. this movie will ruin your life.

this is one of the worse movies that i have ever seen in my entire life. i wish i could travel back in time and do the following:1) find out where the "movie" "war games- the dead code" was filmed 2) watch the original war games with my current computer knowledge and the eyes of a 1983 preteen. 3) break into the pentagon computer in the 80's with the knowledge and perspective learned and remembered. 4) reprogram the whopper to nuke the location of the dead code minutes prior to its first day of filming 5) come back to the present, have a beer and get will smith and tommy lee jones to "flash" my memory blank of the whole event, especially my original viewing of "the dead code" 6) have another beer and watch wars games 7) be happy until the next bad remake of a good 80's movie.8) did i forget the have jar jar killed. i am not sure if i would have to travel into the future for that. maybe i need access to a wormhole.

it's amazing that this movie turns out to be in one of my hitlists after all. it is by far the number 1 worst movie i have ever seen.not only have i ever been this bored before (luckily not for more then 1,5 hours), the pre-adolescent attempts at humor that feature it are not even close to getting but one of the corners of my mouth slightly tilted. after the first very awkward part, you tend to hope that the other parts will be at least slightly better. you hope in vain, it only goes downhill from there.the movie has no story worth telling whatsoever and repeats this non-story three times. one can only hope that by some miracle all remaining copies of this movie are lost forever and trent harris never lays his hands on a camera again...

so, i got a hold of this as an assignment for trent harris, who teaches occasionally in the film dept at the u of u. i guess this is his only real way to get anyone to see his film...the documentary section at the beginning dragged on. yes, the kid is a nut-job from no where, but that's not good enough to keep it interesting.seeing sean penn dressed as a onj is the only highlight... and after about thirty seconds it loses all humor.when crispin glover takes on larry, the story-telling was better, but i just couldn't take anymore...

how did this become a blockbuster? dear god i don't know where to start why this movie sucked too much. the movie was predictable & there was no originality. the only thing i can admire is the acting of some characters. the movie was too bright, they should have done something with the lighting, eg. making the environment more darker. the make up on certain dead characters made this movie look like a 1970 horror flick. this is 2006! people don't get scared by other people wearing heavy make up. most of the horror scenes we're taken from other hollywood or asian horror movies. total rip off! this is why i don't watch tagalog movies. the only reason why so many people "screamed" while watching this movie is because of conformity. how many times do we have to copy scenes from the ring and improvise it that instead of the girl coming out of the tv, its now coming from the window next door? no matter how you put it, its still a rip off. if you want a good horror movie, go watch the 50 best horror movie listed on this website.

i would have given this movie a 1 out of 10 if it weren't for ms. claudine barretto's performance. and i will take this time to overlook that kris aquino's here. and... end.i really avoid watching pinoy horror movies because stories lack originality and i really think that (some) writers don't give enough attention to the characters (and their progression) in their stories (redundant??). it was as if they 'pushed' the movie onwards when their storytelling stank. and my goodness, creative exhaustion led them to rip-off other movies. why?? why did this movie get a good review?? i wouldn't give it that much merit. the movie was kind of scary, but the movie seemed more freaky as it deals with filipino folklore... it goes into my list of 'most likely to happen' category. i just wished they spent more time improving the story lines and fix those flash back sequences, never mind if the lighting sucked, it wouldn't matter much if the content would blow you away.. sayang.

ben stiller doesn't so much act as react. and he does it very well. he is very dependent on the comedy going on around him. in there's something about mary, the stand-up hair scene only works because of stiller trying to keep a straight face. when he confronts mary's other two suitors, he is the unfunniest guy in the room but the scene is hilarious.in along came polly, the formula breaks down for reasons that are difficult to fathom. stiller is surrounded by an array of comic talent. hank azaria and philip seymour hoffman get the best lines, of which there are too few. having said that, hoffman relies a little too much on bodily humour - you know we are in trouble when they go to the fart jokes to raise a laugh. a basketball scene where hoffman hams it up is completely overplayed (though it throws up one predicament in the form of a shirtless opponent that does raise a smile - noticeably through stiller's reaction). however, everyone seems to be acting in a bubble, there is very little reaction. hoffman and stiller's characters could have played off each other much, much more. aniston again reprises her rachael role, but stiller is no ross. it is more of a "joey with a crush on rachael" scenario.polly is a by-the-numbers rom-com and that is its failing - it lacks heart. you don't root for the characters. with a little bit more work we could have had a deeper story, but in the end the film's failure comes down to poor writing. worth watching if it pops up on tv on a slow night, but you'll regret forking out cash to see it.

considering the potential this move had, the reality was disappointing. while it's always nice to see jennifer aniston in a movie, even that couldn't turn this around. most of the action was predictable. the jokes were flat to mildly amusing. and the characters were not very interesting. i wanted to like this film, but it just never happened. ben stiller was hilarious in "there's something about mary". here it looks like he's just going thru the motions. if they have to lift plot points from "friends", they should have known something was wrong. the toilet humor should have stayed in the closet :-).watch "50 first dates" instead.

this film offers absolutely no imagination in it's premise nor in it's execution but these are just two things that come to mind after watching this so-called comedy that has no energy to speak of. story is about nit-picky over analytical insurance risk manager reuben feffer (ben stiller) who finds his new wife lisa (debra messing) cheating on him with a scuba instructor (hank azaria) after only one day on their honeymoon. upon returning home reuben and his best friend sandy (philip seymour hoffman) go to a party and run into polly prince (jennifer aniston) whom they went to school with years earlier.*****spoiler alert***** polly is forgetful and sloppy and lives carefree which is the opposite of who reuben is as a person but they start to date and reuben starts to change as a person as he starts to try out new things such as salsa dancing and eating spicy foods. but one day lisa comes back and wants to remain married to reuben but he really doesn't want to but polly decides to leave as she doesn't believe in marriage to begin with.this film is the second directing effort by john hamburg who wrote two generally unfunny screenplays in "zoolander" and "meet the parents" but those two films seem like classics compared to this stale piece of drivel. it's very easy to say something is not funny but i think with this film it's even easier to figure out why. this film is totally and utterly predictable from start to finish with every scene looking as if it's only happening because of the ridiculousness of the script. hamburg who also wrote the script seems to have written this without any thought of trying something different and at times he seems to be trying to generate the same energy as "there's something about mary" but instead the events seem incredibly forced. did anyone really think the blind ferret was funny? if you do, your easy! a few times during the film characters would inexplicably have these emotional speeches that are supposed to summarize everything but all they achieve is overstating the obvious. stiller works a lot but maybe he should work less and just wait for the better scripts to come his way because this film doesn't work as a comedy or as a romance.

make no bones about it. there are a lot of things wrong with this movie. it's clichéd the whole way, not very funny, predictable, and illogical. let's start at the beginning: characters. there's the boring, luckless guy - giving stiller another notch in his boring, luckless guy belt - the allegedly wild, but in reality just fairly normal, love interest - whom aniston plays well, but really needed no effort to do so - the fat, jovial friend, and then the assortment of clichés: an annoying daredevil australian guy, a confident spanish guy, etc. the storyline: the beginning is slightly unusual, but thereafter goes into the standard any-movie style, with every plot turn as predictable as your average knock-knock joke. the biggest problem was that stiller's character's "development" really seemed to come from nothing - like your average school play, the writers knew where he started and where he ended, but didn't put enough stock into properly telling the middle bit. finally, the alleged 'jokes' were nothing but highly watered down versions of standard gross-out humour; there was a regulation chunder scene, sweaty fat men, etc.in conclusion, the simple fact about this movie is that learning the meaning of the word 'shart' was the only good thing. hamburg really dished up a dog's dinner here, and the sugar coating of stiller and aniston may have lured the viewers, but the taste left at the end was just as rancid.final comment: this film may have been dreadful, but aniston still picked a better between-friends-seasons movie than kudrow's odious 'marci x.'

this movie was like a bad train wreck, as horrible as it was, you still had to continue to watch. my boyfriend and i rented it and wasted two hours of our day. now don't get me wrong, the acting is good. just the movie as a whole just enraged both of us. there wasn't anything positive or good about this scenario. after this movie, i had to go rent something else that was a little lighter. jennifer tilly is as usual a very dramatic actress. her character seems manic and not all there. darryl hannah, though over played, she does a wonderful job playing out the situation she is in. more than once i found myself yelling at the tv telling her to fight back or to get violent. all in all, very violent movie...not for the faint of heart.

wow...sheer brilliance.turning a thriller/suspense/horror into comedy.after watching this, i never laughed so hard at a horror movie before...a ridiculous plot with 3 characters that were just insanely developed - either not written in depth or too much depth.if you want to watch an absolutely written horror movie with stupid dialog, messed up plot, useless scenes, wasted characters, bad sound and lousy development overall, then this is the one to watch.be sure to keep focused for the classic "food processor" scene and the totally inept police investigation scenes.this is a remarkable new low in screen performance and writing and to sit through it for the entire duration makes you either stupid, daring or brave.

this movie raises a number of pressing questions in my mind. firstly, how has jennifer tilly managed to sustain a film acting career for all these years based on that ridiculous squeaky voice and the very limited range of hammy facial expressions she employs? secondly... what on earth were the people responsible for making this offensive and deeply repulsive film thinking of? and thirdly... given that there were people perverted enough to decide to make dreck like this, shouldn't there have been someone in the system - the studio, the distributors, or somewhere - sane enough to prevent it actually getting completed and released. you really would have to search a very, very long way to turn up another movie as profoundly nasty as this... and it isn't even billed as a horror movie - which, inasmuch as it can be seen as belonging to any legitimate film genre, it certainly is. the movie wallows from beginning to end in the sickest kind of madness, violence and abuse, and has essentially no redeeming features at all. i'm not actually advocating censorship (which i don't believe in)... but i really can't see how anybody could conceivably draw anything positive from watching a film like this.

i have read the other comment about this movie, and usually i try not to be harsh in my criticisms because i try to be a nice person. however, this movie is one of the worst movies that i have ever seen (and thats topping a lot of bad usa network plus cinemax nights.) whoever thought of this movie needs to be prevented from ever making another one. this film disgusted me in a way that no other film ever. i really think these people are insane. just save your time and do not watch this fllm. please - i wish that i had. the acting is horrible, the plot (what plot) is stupid and degrading and insane. i really do not think this should have been made into a movie. but that is my opinion, and i am trying to save you from wasting your time.

i'm glad some people liked this, but i hated this film. it had a very good idea for a story line, but that's where it ended. it was badly written, badly acted and badly made. it had some interesting plot points, but they were just skipped over too fast, the writers needed to realize what to keep in and expand on these bits, like lying about why she was kidnapped, and ditch the dross. instead it was "what's going on?", 5 seconds later they tell you.this film had no suspense, and i was bored from start to end. i just wanted it to finish. go and rent misery, or best laid plans if you want suspense or twists that keep you guessing to the end.

