as a poker enthusiast i was looking forward to seeing this movie - especially as it had scotty nyugen in it.basically, scotty nyugens short spots in this film are all it has going for it.the characters are unlikeable and annoying, the soundtrack is awful and the plot, well, there isn't one.i honestly got a headache and found myself reading the barcode number on the dvd box after twenty minutes i was that bored. its actually ashame that nyugen was in this movie as otherwise i wouldn't have wasted $16 buying it off ebay.take it from me - avoid like 7 2 offsuit!!! dire. :(

totally ridiculous. if you know anything about poker, you will find it absolutely appalling but also entertaining because it is so clueless. the nerd who made this movie is obviously very religious and knows slightly about the game of poker, but i doubt he's ever played above 3-6. (i think he also knows nothing of golf.) where to start. i've seen better productions in the intro to film class i took freshmen year of film school. the actors to watch in this movie are queen momma, scotty nguyen, and the loser who can never win at poker. everyone else is as wooden as they come, like bad porn actors.*spoiler* the man the movie starts with in the opening sequence is the only reason the film got made. he is a railbird who doesn't play poker and never has a line of dialogue, but the actor is the man who obviously paid for the movie. i can't think of a more useless waste of money than this man shelling out for this pointless production. it's fitting that he had such a useless role.there's very little poker in this movie. most of the time is spent on useless side characters whose plots aren't resolved in the slightest. queen momma does have a show-stealing scene where she throws her loser boyfriend through a window and tries to shoot his brains out. also the nameless arabs in the convenience store also give brilliant performances when they debate whether to beat up or kill an older lady who robs them. their subtle performances are easily among the film's highlights. it makes you wonder why they bothered getting all these white people to play the leads.in conclusion, complete nonsense. plan 9 from outer space has slightly more coherency. if you play poker though you might want to have a laugh. also if you're christian you might enjoy some of the heavy-handed religious conversation that pepper the movie like pointless pepper. i hate movies made by religious people. especially ones who think they know something about things they know nothing about. it's sad that jennifer harman and scotty nguyen got involved in this travesty as i can't help but think less of them. they must be envious of johnny chan for getting in rounders.

when i first saw this film it was not an impressive one. now that i have seen it again with some friends on dvd ( they had not viewed it on the silver screen ), my opinion remains the same. the subject matter is puerile and the performances are weak.

awful, simply awful. it proves my theory about "star power." this is supposed to be great tv because the guy who directed (battlestar) titanica is the same guy who directed this shlop schtock schtick about a chick. b o r i n g.find something a thousand times more interesting to do - like watch your tv with no picture and no sound. 1/10 (i rated it so high b/c there aren't any negative scores in the imdb.com rating system.)-zaphoidps: my theory about "star power" is: the more "star power" used in a show, the weaker the show is. (it's called an indirect proportionality: quality 1/"star power", less "sp" makes for better quality, etc. another way to look at it is: "more is less.")-z

what was an exciting and fairly original series by fox has degraded down to meandering tripe. during the first season, dark angel was on my weekly "must see" list, and not just because of jessica alba.unfortunately, the powers-that-be over at fox decided that they needed to "fine-tune" the plotline. within 3 episodes of the season opener, they had totally lost me as a viewer (not even to see jessica alba!). i found the new characters that were added in the second season to be too ridiculous and amateurish. the new plotlines were stretching the continuity and credibility of the show too thin. on one of the second season episodes, they even had max sleeping and dreaming - where the first season stated she biologically couldn't sleep.the moral of the story (the one that hollywood never gets): if it works, don't screw with it!azjazz

a story of amazing disinterest kills "the psychic" over and over again. the characters and plot are completely uninteresting (as is fulci's mad camera work, which is usually a redeeming factor in his films), and any grasp of suspense is nowhere to be found. it's padded out to an insufferable degree--by the end, you won't be clamoring with excitement but stricken with boredom (and, like me, maybe an uncontrollable urge to fall asleep). jennifer o'neill's performance deserves occupancy in a better movie. fulci gorehounds beware--there's just not much going on in "the psychic."3/10

average (and surprisingly tame) fulci giallo which means it's still quite bad by normal standards, but redeemed by its solid build-up and some nice touches such as a neat time twist on the issues of visions and clairvoyance.the genre's well-known weaknesses are in full gear: banal dialogue, wooden acting, illogical plot points. and the finale goes on much too long, while the denouement proves to be a rather lame or shall i say: limp affair.fulci's ironic handling of giallo norms is amusing, though. yellow clues wherever you look.3 out of 10 limping killers

i was really disappointed in this movie. those that voted this thing a 10 have a screw lose. the acting was ok, kinda wooden and cardboard. the ending was sorry. i just didn't care for this at all.no way could i recommend this mess.

usually i'm a bit of a fan of the bad eighties & early nineties film featuring now has beens...but this film is so incredibly terrible that it was a real endurance test to sit through. guys dressing up as girls has been done to death - but never so pathetically. corey haim's performance was abysmal as usual, nicole eggert was not much better. this has no redeeming qualities, even if you are a number #1 fan of an actor/actress in this piece of trash - stay away!

well, here we have yet another role reversal movie. there were many worth watching, despite the tired plot of gender reversal. however, this one is not. in previous reviews, i think i've made my point about the general decline of enjoyment for haim movies that followed the late 80s. this is one of them.'just one of the girls' is about a high school kid (corey haim) who tries to avoid his bullies by dressing up as a girl and attending another school. he joins the cheerleading squad and makes friends with fellow cheerleader, marie (nicole eggert). obviously, he can't keep up the charade for too much longer.i thought this movie was utter crap, and it wasn't even funny. but, judging by a majority of reviews, it looks like fans of alanis morrisette or teen sex queen, nicole eggert, are the only ones who'd want to watch this. if you're looking for a good haim feature (or role switching comedy), look no further than 1989. this is about the point that haim's career tanked.

i'd never seen a tarzan movie before so when i saw it on the tele i thought i'd give it a shot. unfortunately i have to say i was disappointed. tarzan was over 40 years old and somewhat overweight. not how i'd imagined tarzan would look. and, unless i missed it while making myself a cup of tea, tarzan never gave his traditional warbling yell. also missing was tarzan swinging through the trees - leaping from vine to vine.oh well, so much for expectations. anyway, jane was there - the monkey cheeta was there. there was some guy with a guitar there. there were villains and good guys and a romance... all very harmless and predictable. nothing bad, you understand, but equally nothing good.probably not the best movie to introduce tarzan: 4/10

last of the johnny weissmuller tarzan films and a good thing too, as this is easily the worst of the 12 films he made over a period of 16 years. no mermaids are featured here either as a beautiful island woman tries to escape the clutches of her people, who worship a god and try to force her to be its bride. she finds tarzan and jane, who try to protect her. george zucco is present as a potentially villainous high priest but isn't used to his full advantage. also on hand and worthy of mention is a hugely annoying guitar player/singer who goes into song every so often. even the "great" robert florey can't aid this one.*1/2 (of four)

ok so after watching this invigorating movie and wasting an hour and so many minutes off my life here is the basic summary: genie comes out of ghetto boom box, gives this kid with shaggy hair 3 wishes, the kid wastes his wishes on i forget what, shaq sucks at rapping, and i guess thats it.so mainly i laughed, i cried......but mainly i laughed at the shear comedy that came from the wonderful acting skills of an nba player/rapper and boy with shaggy hair.i highly recommend this movie for college kids sitting around drinking some beers with their close friends and are in serious need of a good laugh.i'm going to give it a 3 out of 10 only b/c the movie is based off of 3 magical wishes.if i had 3 wishes one would be to erase this horrible movie and for everyone to pretend like hollywood didn't waste money on making this.

reviewing kazaam and saying it's a bad movie isn't hard at all--after all, critics at the time it came out fell all over themselves excoriating this film--saying it was among the worst films of the decade! so the fact that i say it's bad or anyone else says it's bad is certainly no surprise. it's like someone talking about wwii--practically no one says that was a good thing, right?! the question i have and no place on imdb can answer it is "why did they make this in the first place?!". after all, it's obvious to anyone who isn't severely brain injured that the film would be horrible. but, movies like ed (a baseball playing chimp), cool as ice (starring the ever-popular vanilla ice), troll 2 (which doesn't even have any trolls in it), baby geniuses (einstain-like superhero babies) and pinocchio in outer space (huh!?!) prove that any idea, no matter how dumb, can make it to the big screen! so, the idea of the best basketball player of the time starring as a genie to an obnoxious little brat seems downright 'normal'! the film starts with a kid who is pretty jerky keying the lockers in the hallway of the school. like the punk from free willy, this kid is somehow 'misunderstood' (in other words, a total brat) and you know that no matter how selfish and horrible he is, by the end of the film he'll have learned something and grown. just once, i want to see a punk kid like this end up in prison or or dead by the end of the film! eventually, while the neighborhood bullies are in the middle of pummeling him, the genie kazaam (shaquille o'neal)is accidentally released and insists on giving the brat three wishes. but, the kid doesn't believe him and the genie's magic seems a tad rusty.eventually the brat does realize that kazaam is for real. however, unlike most kids, he withholds making his wishes so, in the meantime, kazaam is forced to follow him around everywhere--like his own personal servant. and, according to the cliché, you know that by the end of the film, max and kazaam will have become lifelong buddies and a bunch of tears will be shed. oh, and max will have come to terms with his absent father and mom's fiancé (i'm gonna gag). apparently this genie is a bit of a social worker in addition to being a granter of wishes.as for kazaam, shaquille speaks in rhyme through much of the movie and even takes a break to rap...very poorly. i'm a middle-aged white guy and i think i could probably rap at least as well! he's an amazing basketball player and i've heard he's a nice guy--but a rapper...no way! as far as his acting goes, he wasn't great but had such a nice personality in the film that it's hard to hate him--even if they made him do a lot of very stupid things.so is the movie as excruciatingly awful as you've probably heard? through the first two-thirds of the movie, i would have said no. shaquille seemed to try his best with an unlikable kid and a bad script. however, later in the film, the bad becomes horrid--as kazaam seems too concerned with himself to help the kid when he's really needed. and, out of nowhere, the plot gets really, really weird--as the guy who wants to make kazaam a rap star(?!?!) turns out to be an evil mobster! and, oddly, this guy seems to accept that kazaam is a genie with no hesitation! in addition, the last portion of the film consists of people trying to kill max and his dad. i know that the kid was annoying, but this is supposed to be a kids' film!! what part of 'trying to kill the kid' didn't the writers not understand?!? then, in an ending that makes this perhaps the worst kids film ending in history, kazaam becomes god or something and it all was like a drug-induced hallucination! this ending was even dumber and weirder than the one in the black hole...and boy, did it make my brain hurt!! uggghh--the horrible dialog was just too much to bear!!!overall, it's a terrible film that is due mostly to writers who were certifiably insane. yes, folks, with a messed up message, bizarre non-kid friendly material and horrible characters, this is one wretched film. sadly, given the idea and actors, it's hard to imagine the final product turning out much worse!!by the way, if you want to see a genie in a modern world film that is good, try the british made for tv film "bernard and the genie"--a charming and exceptionally well-written film from start to finish.

the only reason i dvrd this movie was because 1. i live in cleveland and shaq plays basketball for us now and 2. i've always heard how awful it was. the movie did not disappoint. the best parts were shaq's outfits. the worst parts were, well, just about everything else. my 12 year old son and i just squirmed and couldn't look at the screen when shaq started rapping and we kept wondering why max didn't wish for kazzam to fix that front tooth of his! but for all it's terribleness we just couldn't stop watching it, the story sucked you in, like a black hole or quicksand or a tar pit, it was hypnotic. but it was worth it for the laughs and just to say that we actually watched "kazzam".

if you are a fan of really bad movies, and you think there funny, you will the great acting of shaq. first off putting pro players in movies hardly ever works. shaq had to of been the worst actor i have ever seen next to dennis rodman who also made a few bad movies. well any way this movie is also bad due to the hideous kid. i would give this a zero but that is impossible.

this movie has successfully proved what we all already know, that professional basket-ball players suck at everything besides playing basket-ball. especially rapping and acting. i can not even begin to describe how bad this movie truly is. first of all, is it just me, or is that the ugliest kid you have ever seen? i mean, his teeth could be used as a can-opener. secondly, why would a genie want to pursue a career in the music industry when, even though he has magical powers, he sucks horribly at making music? third, i have read the bible. in no way shape or form did it say that jesus made genies. fourth, what was the deal with all the crappy special effects? i assure you that any acne-addled nerdy teenager with a computer could make better effects than that. fifth, why did the ending suck so badly? and what the hell is a djin? and finally, whoever created the nightmare known as kazaam needs to be thrown off of a plane and onto the eiffel tower, because this movie take the word "suck" to an entirely new level.

i was given the book version of kazaam for my 8th birthday, and people always say the book versions are always better than the movie, but this time they were wrong. at least with the movie it's over soon.the acting in this is terrible, which i expected from a film with shaq who plays a magical rapping genie that comes out of an old ghetto blaster (which there was probably a good reason he was trapped in there). the kid in the film that plays max is whiny and a terrible actor. he's bullied by neighborhood kids, which i don't blame them because he's a little douche bag.the story is just plain stupid and extremely cliché. about a boy who's father is always working and never around who finds a new friend who makes his life better and eventually helps him reconnect with his father.even at 8 years old i thought this was a stupid idea. it's a surprise any of the people whom worked on this film had careers after wards because it's an embarrassment and should have never been made. i could ramble on even more about how this movie sucks, but you should already know just by reading the plot.

this is the worst film i have ever seen.i was watching this film with some friends and after 40 minutes we had enough. the plot was bad and there wasn't a single likeable character.i could get more entertainment watching static. i gave this movie a 1 only because the scale didn't go into negative numbers. avoid this movie at all costs.

there's only one thing i need to say about this movie - the scene where shaq is in a musical number with francis capra's character about wanting to be a genie; never see this movie. the story is horrible, the acting is terrible (c'mon, it's shaq!) and i'd rather see capra in free willy (equally horrible) twice before ever seeing this movie.

this is one of the most god-awful movies ever. shaq better just stick to basketball. this movie took away apart of my life i will never have back. i will make fun of this movie until i die, and then some. it is so horrible it is not even funny. mst3000 would have a blast with this one.

a series of painfully unfunny skits that seem to go on forever and a day. not as mind-numbingly awful as say "freddy got fingered" or "lost reality", but that in no way is an endorsement in any way, sense or form. features the worst rhyming clown ever. any most if it isn't offensive to anybody but the most prudish or politically correct. it also has the worst song parody ever put on film, the worst arnold impersonation ever (not just the worst put on film, literally the worst ever). i have no clue why karen black, micheal clarke duncan, or slash would star in this (the reasons i watched this in the first place) the only thing mildly amusing was dickman. in conclusion i would't recommend this film to anyone, but the people who are making it their mission in life to get this in the bottom 250 on this site are pathetic. do something notable with you lives people. plus if it's true the church of scientalogy hates him, he can't be all bad.my grade: d

and i repeat, please do not see this movie! this is more than a review. this is a warning. this sets the record for the worst, most effortless comedy ever made. at least with most of the recent comedies nowadays, the gags are crude and flat, but the writers and directors put in at least some sort of effort into making them funny. i never get tired of repeating one of my favorite mottos: everyone thinks they can do comedy, and only 10 percent of them are right. comedy is hard! this is not some genre any fool can play around with. i think it's atrocious that the filmmakers are comparing this piece of garbage to "kentucky fried movie." basically, these bozos are comparing their so-called comic talents to those of the brilliant jim abrahams and the zucker brothers. come on, i've seen pauly shore movies that are 10 times funnier than "the underground comedy movie." here's a sample of the comedy for those curious about seeing this movie: one sketch involves a superhero dressed like a penis named d**kman. the whole joke is that he defeats his enemies by squirting them with semen. that's it. that's the whole joke. wow. this is enough to make carrot top roll his eyes. another sketch involves a man having sex with a dead person in a porn movie. and in another sketch, there's a bag lady beauty contest, in which we're exposed to the horrible sights of bikini-clad middle-aged women with beer guts and stretch marks. plus, making fun of the homeless is more sad than funny. it's a step away from mocking the mentally handicapped. the whole movie is supposed to be a satire. i think the filmmakers forgot that a key element of satire...is truth!!! for anybody who actually enjoyed this crap, explain to me what is truthful about any of these gags! some of the sketches might've sounded funny on paper, but anybody who's taken any screen writing classes knows that if a sight gag sounds too funny on paper, it probably won't be funny on screen. if i tell someone about a big, black, muscular gay virgin, who's saving himself for the right man, he or she would probably laugh. but watching the premise played out on screen for about 10 minutes is a complete drag. i hate how whenever people criticize a low-brow comedy like this for not being funny, they're regarded as stuck-up squares. i just saw "white chicks" recently. that's another low-brow, politically incorrect comedy, but i laughed my head off. the most offensive thing about "the underground comedy movie" is it's not funny! what the writers and directors don't understand is that merely being filthy and tasteless doesn't work. there has to be more! just think of the famous scene from "there's something about mary" (ironically, enough the bozo filmmakers put the farrellys on their special thanks list). the joke about the semen wasn't just funny because it involved bodily fluids. there was a buildup. ben stiller was masturbating in the bathroom to make sure he didn't go out on a date with a "loaded gun." then he looked around to see where all the semen went after it was released. a knock is on the door, and he has to answer it. his date, mary, is at the door and that's when it's revealed that the semen is hanging off ben's ear. in this movie, there are multiple gags involving characters squirting loads of semen at people, with no buildup whatsoever. as jay leno always says, "this comedy thing's not so easy, is it?" keep that in mind, vince offer, 'cause you weren't cut out for this genre!! the only reason people might laugh at these gags is because they want to feel hip. let's face it, nowadays it's hip to laugh at anything politically incorrect. i know comedy is subjective...but this movie shouldn't be funny to anybody, except maybe the filmmakers themselves. as a side note, the movie had to have been made before michael clarke duncan's fame in movies like "armageddon" and "the green mile." there can't be any other reason why an actor of his caliber would volunteer to be part of this amateurish freak show. all the others in the cast are either non-actors, has-been actors or b-movie stars. karen black made a good impression in "five easy pieces," but i don't think she's done anything of value ever since. slash was probably drugged into being in this film. gina lee nolin is nothing without "baywatch." angelyne is the film's biggest star (keeping in mind duncan wasn't famous at the time), and there are still probably a ton of people who haven't heard of her--for good reason. usually, i'm in support of extremely low-budget flicks, but this one deserves to drift into obscurity. i hope to lord this doesn't become a cult classic! shouldn't there be a law against distributing crap like this?

i'm into bad movies but this has nothing going for it. despite what the morons above have said, it is not funny. i know comedy and underground movies but this is so boring that the director / writer should be prohibited from ever directing anything but local cable access ever again! to love movies and comedy is to despise this film. i may never get over how unfunny and boring this work was. if you like this movie you are a pothead as sober there is nothing here. zero! if you need to compare underground movies, see "kentucky fried movie" or early john waters. the movie starts by defining satire and i defy anyone to show me the satire. the rule for comedy is this ... if it's funny you can say or do anything but if it's not funny you are not satirical, you are not edgy, you are merely pathetic and this movie is simply not funny. zero!

sheesh! what a dreadful movie. dodgy camera work, a script with more corn than kellogg's, and acting so hammy you could open a pig farm with it. to cap it all, it doesn't know which audience to aim at - we have cornel wilde - or is that corny wilde? - getting on his soap box about the hazards of smoking any time someone lights a cigarette, dear oh dear, and in another awkward scene we have the baddie, lobo, forcing his, ahem, if you will, 'male friend' to do a striptease dressed in a bikini. try explaining that one to the kids...throw in an overly contrived treasure island-cum-jaws type storyline, and the result is a film so unintentionally funny, it's enjoyable - i shouldn't expect a special edition dvd any time soon, though.

cornel wilde and three dumbbells search for sunken treasure in the south atlantic.the treasure-hunters led by wilde fight a group of territorial sharks with cute little sneers on their hungry faces. wilde and his merry men must find a way to take themselves off the menu so they can begin excavating an old spanish galleon filled with gold bullion.after the crew engages in a small eternity of pushing, shoving, arguing, and listening to wilde's annoying health tips, 5 crazy convicts board the boat and complicate things. now it is a battle of wits as to who gets the treasure and who gets to see what the inside of a shark's stomach looks like.at least wilde is in shape wearing exactly the same thing he wore in 'the naked prey' 10 years earlier and he has remained in excellent condition.made on a budget of 75 cents.

this movie was a real torture fest to sit through. its first mistake is treating nuclear power as so self-evidently a 'bad thing' that it barely needs to convince the audience of it. when it does stoop to putting in its argument, it has the participants breathlessly deliver barely substantiated facts ; all that's missing is someone crying "when is someone going to think of the children!". while watching this movie, i kept thinking "where'd you hear that?" or "that can't possibly be true" - yet little of the info was backed up by any reliable sources. and bless 'em, the 'regular folks' in the movie came across more like luddites than people with any understanding of the pros and cons of nuclear power; to be fair, that might be the fault of the film-makers, but equally fairly, it's a condition shared by the movie's rock stars.as for the performers........... now some of these people are highly respected musicians whose music i've enjoyed, and i'm sure a few of them really did believe in this cause. but they all come across as wheezing old hippies desperately searching for something to get worked up over, now that the 60s have passed them by. particularly embarrassing are graham nash and james taylor. nash seems to be trying too hard - he looks like he can't possibly believe the things he's being told (not that i blame him), but desperate to feel noticed and included. james taylor performs what has to be the wimpiest protest "anthem" ever, "stand and fight", in the most sickeningly cheerful way you can imagine. in fact, most of the performances are pretty bland when they're not being patronizing. nobody seems worked up by this event, as if it really doesn't mean much to them at all. it's worth noting that the driving force behind this whole event seems to be john hall, of the band orleans, and responsible for some of the wimpiest mor pop of the 70s. (remember, if you dare, "dance with me" and "still the one".) it's worth noting because that's symbolic of how the cause here fails to inspire any real passion in the music. the cause is supposedly life-or-death, but everybody sleepwalks through their numbers like they're playing the catskills. except maybe gil-scott heron - his protest number "we almost lost detroit" is on topic at least, but delivered with all the smugness of a high-schooler impressed with how 'controversial' he's being.only bruce springsteen's performance raises a pulse; i've never been a big fan of the boss, but he absolutely smokes, no question. part of me thinks he was taped separately, at another event, and edited into this movie to give wake the audience. compared to the general blandness and air of self-satisfaction here, it's no wonder bruce was hailed as the savior of rock'n'roll.but even his performance is hobbled by the lifeless concert shooting. i don't expect a lot of flashy camera movement from a '70s film, but the shots are unnecessarily static, broken up only by split-second cutaways to a back-up singer's tonsils. now, some of this may be because the performers are lifeless to start with; and *maybe* the film-makers are more skilled at shooting documentaries than concert footage - but all you have to do is watch "rust never sleeps" or "the last waltz" to see a movie like this done with more skill. and with more exciting musicians. so really, there's only two things to watch this movie for: springsteen's stellar performance, and as a sad snapshot about a counter-culture in decline.

ok, i have been a huge fan of the black for a long time and was disgusted after seeing this film. let's name the problems...first this film has much of the same crew that the first two had. it has also been called the prequel to the original black stallion. why is it that they can't get shetan's dam's name correct or her color?? in the black stallion returns, we learn the sagr was the black's chestnut mother and in this film she is a gray mare name jenny?!?!?!?!? wtf? and it's set in africa in 1946 and 1947...i could be wrong but the first one was set in the 1940's as well when the ship wrecks. time line doesn't sound quite right to me. also, as a goof, there is a friesian in the beginning of the movie that is supposed to be shetan's father...upon further notice it appears to be a gelding. ben ishaak is the only character that remained to even make this film appear to be related to the previous two in any way. might be a cute family film to some but it's my biggest movie disappointment of the year.

i understand that this movie is made for kids and as a parent i have sat through many movies that don't particularly hold my interest, but i can appreciate from a constructive point of view in how it is being received by my children. parents are supposed to be encouraged after all to take part in their children's activities and to monitor the quality of the entertainment that they view so there should be something that appeals to an adult audience on some level even in children's movies. disney has always understood this which is why it is so hard to fathom how it could allow such a complete piece of drek to bear their name.technically, the sound editing is horrible and all dialog sounds over-dubbed and unnatural. personally i hate that, but it was doubly awful considering the dialog itself seemed as though it was written by a 12 year old for a school project. the "acting" reminded me of a school play and none of the child actors had any range of emotion in their voices. thankfully it was a very short movie.now, before i come off like a video-geek measuring a kids movie with an adult yard stick, the one thing that can save even the worst children's movie is a positive message. far be it from me to determine how a message has to be delivered so long as the right one is. let us take a walk through this film to see what messages are given: if you are lost, don't worry, you will inevitably find your way home.approach wild animals without any fear.you can win any competition just because you "know" you can.and my favorite, the final message left in the film: it's okay to disobey authority figures and do what you think is right.

this extremely weak australian excuse for a motion picture is sort of like the pavlov dog experiment amongst horror movies. you remember this famous "conditioned reflex" experiment from your school books, right? the russian scientist pavlov proved that dogs tended to salivate before the food actually came into their mouths and this through repetitive routines stimulating the animal's reflexes. pavlov rung a bell a couple of instants before the food was delivered to the dog and, after a while, he became anxious and excited and already started salivating from hearing the sound of the bell. what the hell has this whole boring explanation in common with a sleazy and low-budgeted aussie slasher flick, i hear you think? well, the modus operandi of the maniacal killer in "nightmares" is an exact variant on pavlov's experiment. each and every single murder sequence is preceded by the raw sound and image of the killer breaking a window, because he/she insists on using a sharp piece of glass to slice up the victims. so this means that, after a short while, inattentive and bored viewers can afford to doze off and simply look up again when they hear the sound of shattering glass. that way they still don't miss anything special! regarding the quality of "nightmares" as a film i can be very brief. this is a cheap, uninspired and largely imbecilic aussie cash-in on the contemporary popular trend of american slasher movies. in the early 60's, a four-year-old witnesses the cruel death of her mother as her throat gets slit open in a nasty car accident. twenty years later the same girl – helen selleck – is a successful stage actress, but she still has severe mental issues and regularly suffers from horrible flashbacks and traumatic nightmares. she auditions for a role in a black comedy play revolving on death and gets the part. shortly after the big premiere, everyone who's even remotely involved with the production gets slaughtered. it is truly retarded how this movie attempts to uphold the mystery regarding the killer's identity and motivations even though even the most infantile viewer can figure it out after the first murder already. i don't think i've ever seen a more obvious whodunit than "nightmares" and the creators should have just showed his/her face straight away and save themselves from embarrassment. the murders are explicit and very bloody and there's also an unhealthy large amount of gratuitous nudity to "enjoy". however, the production values are poor and thus the movie is never at one point shocking or provocative. the few clips we get to see of the actual play make it appear that it quite possible could be the worst thing ever performed on stage. the only positive elements in the film are the characters of the director and the gay newspaper critic, whom are both delightfully sarcastic and insult the rest of the cast members as much as we do. "nightmares" is a dreadful piece of exploitative horror cinema, but hey, at least i gave you a golden tip to make it more digestible.

slow, boring, extremely repetitive. no wonder the weinstein company did not buy this. this spurlock should eat more mcdonalds while filming himself, and quit producing. there is no way you can watch this and enjoy. the preacher is a joke. the whole idea is not funny. you can make a 2 minute film with this idea not a feature. i am so sorry i rented this movie. i will never watch anything with the name spurlock on it. it is completely garbage. filmmakers like this should be on youtube and never be granted a distribution deal. the film states that the american consumers and their shopping are at fault for the current depression when shopping and buying products, making money circulate in the system are the base of a healthy economy.

i came here for a review last night before deciding which tv movie to settle in front of, and those i found made this one look unmissable. how misled i feel!firstly, it needs to be pointed out up front that this is very much a housewife's daytime movie. the performances are wooden, every sentence is an attempt at 'poignant' in the way that housewife's daytime movies and bad soap operas always are, and it is based in that predictable and well-trodden premise that men (particularly soldiers) are essentially violent and incompassionate. the whole movie is about the 'drama' apparent in the moments when the male characters threaten to develop a second dimension.if that sounds tolerable (or even enjoyable) to you, then be warned. linda hamilton's german accent, while quite good, is painfully distracting - as is her face, for some reason. the other performances are no doubt an enduring source of embarrassment to their perpetrators, with painfully thin and obvious characterizations being the order of the day. there are few surprises, but do watch for the 'monty pythonesque' endless supply of food and drink that miraculously appears from the hungry soldiers' knapsacks!i wasn't expecting action, but i had hoped for beautiful or textural or emotionally charged. what i got was a particularly bad christmas 'feelgood' story that will have an intelligent audience cringing with the crapulence of it all.watch it under the folowing circumstances: 1: there's nothing else on. 2: you are a fan of predictable 'housewife takes on men and wins' tv movies. 3: the only way you can appreciate a true story is when hollywood turns it into a feature film. 4: you've imbibed enough nog that your emotions are easily stirred by unsophisticated storytelling.

goodnight, mister tom begins in an impossibly exquisite village in the south of england where the sun always seems to shine. before we have much idea of the period we hear a radio announcement of the declaration of world war ii. soon a train blowing clouds of steam brings refugee children from london and when shy little william is billeted with reluctant, gruff old tom (who you just know will turn out to have a heart of gold) our tale begins.and what a load of sentimental claptrap it is. in fact it's just the old odd-couple buddy formula. aren't any new stories being written?as i suggested there's hardly any period feel in the village and not much more in london apart from the odd old ambulance rattling around. and certainly no hint of the horror of the blitz as london's citizens file politely into air-raid shelters. even when the local schoolteacher's husband is declared missing presumed killed, he is later restored to life.i found `goodnight, mister tom' cliched and obvious and john thaw's accent conjured up a picture of ronnie barker of the two ronnies with a straw in his mouth doing his `country bumpkin' accent.incidentally my wife enjoyed this movie for all the reasons that i disliked it and looking at fellow-imdb reviewers i seem to be in a minority of one.

i have been familiar with the fantastic book of 'goodnight mister tom' for absolutely ages and it was only recently when i got the chance to watch this adaption of it. i have heard lots of positive remarks about this, so i had high hopes. once this film had finished, i was horrified.this film is not a good film at all. 'goodnight mister tom' was an extremely poor adaption and practically 4.5/10 of the book was missed out. particularly, i found that a lot of the characters and some great scenes in the book were not in this. there was not much dialogue, it was rushed and far too fast-moving, but i was mostly upset by the fact that you never got to see the bonding and love between william beech and tom in this film which was a true let down. the casting was not all that good,either. i thought this could have been really good, but it was so different to the book! anextremely poor adaption, one of the worst i've seen. this deserves a decent remake that'd better be 1000 times better than this pile of garbage.

perhaps the biggest waste of production time, money and the space on the video store shelf. if someone suggests you see this movie, run screaming in the other direction. unless, of course, you're into self-abuse.

i have to admit, i don't remember much about the characters or the story, though i'm not sure there was one, i was soooo irritated by this movie that i had a bit of a hard time focusing on it. how can you name a movie "keys to tulsa" and then film it in texas? the flat desert country around arlington ( i think that was the location) in no way resembles the green rolling hills around tulsa, and a celebrity in tulsa would have a much nicer neighborhood to live in. obviously no one in the movie has ever been to tulsa or else they would have realized how nothing in the movie even resembled it. hadn't anyone at least seen rumblefish or the outsiders? i know this sounds picky but i can't help it. i watched this because i love james spader and i usually find eric stotz interesting. but even these two intriguing actors could not liven up this meandering,and mean story of self-involved people who are not in tulsa!! i'm sorry, it can't be more expensive to film in oklahoma. what if "to live and die in la" had been shot in toronto? would that suck? well so does this.

if you want to see a mystery, don't watch this. though there are elements straight out of elmore leonard territory, this comes closer to an episode of "dynasty", since the filmmaker focuses on "character development" - i.e. long, boring talks between stupid, un-involving characters. some people can make fascinating movies without real action (see "exotica"), but not this one. avoid it, especially if you like the actors involved in this one.

this is a genuinely horrible film. the plot (such as it is) is totally undecipherable. (i think it has something to do with blackmail, but i'm not entirely certain.)half of the dialogue consists of useless cliches. the other half is spoken by the various actors in such unintelligible imitations of "southern" accents that (thankfully) the words cannot be recognized.but the one true tragedy of the movie is that such a historic talent as mary tyler moore apparently was in such dire financial or personal circumstances that she appeared in it.

i'm in iraq right now doing a job that gives plenty of time for watching movies. we also have access to plenty of pirated movies, this gem came along with 11 other movies, and this is easily the worst i've seen in a long time. i've seen a few other reviews that claim this movie doesn't take itself too seriously, but really, i think that's a cover up for the fact that its horrible. it's not tongue in cheek, the writers really thought they were improving on the movie blade. this movie is just one notch above vampire assassin, which if you haven't seen, i recommend. at least that movie is so unbelievably bad that you'll laugh harder than you thought possible. this is right at that cusp of no redeeming qualities what so ever. from the bad acting, to cliché visual (ie opening credits), to the adobe premier special effects. they couldn't even get blanks for the guns, which may have to do with where the movie was filmed, but if you're going to use effects, make them close to accurate. as for the cast, it seems like they just went to a tae bo class and picked up the first not to ugly chick that walked out. once again, like ron hall in vampire assassin, don't let stunt folk act, they can't. also, the comment about this being a "return of old vampire movies"...no, it's not. this is exactly what all new vampire movies are about. buffy the vampire slayer, blade, underworld, they're all about some super star fighting the vampires. this is the newest vampire genre, with bad blood, fake screams, and cheesy over acting. obviously anyone who wrote a good review about this is somehow connected to the movie, or friends of the cast. but what do i care, i paid 33 cents for it. anyway, to wrap this up, someone in their first semester of film school decided to make a movie, i give them credit because it's better than i could do. of course i also know i can't make movies so i don't try. i do know how to watch movies though. i work 12 hour nights, 6 days a week, i've seen several thousand in the year i've been out here and this was so bad that half way through i was hoping for a mortar attack.

well, you know the rest! this has to be the worst movie i've seen in a long long time. i can only imagine that stephanie beaham had some bills to pay when taking on this role.the lead role is played by (to me) a complete unknown and i would imagine disappeared right back into obscurity right after this turkey.bruce lee led the martial arts charge in the early 70's and since then fight scenes have to be either martial arts based or at least brutal if using street fighting techniques. this movie uses fast cuts to show off the martial arts, however, even this can't disguise the fact that the lady doesn't know how to throw a punch. an average 8 year old boy would take her apart on this showing.sorry, the only mystery on show here is how this didn't win the golden raspberry for its year.

dude, really!!!! where have you guys been the past 20 years, this is shocking in all kind of ways, horror ? this is a joke, there is nothing wrong with being low budget, but this is a laugh, if you want to look at the classics, freaks of tod browning, the victims of dracula and frankenstein, the undying monster, ernest thesiger, paul wegener's the golem and the passengers of the ghost train, you can't compare it, it gives it a bad name, bad acting, bad screenplay etc. total waist of money and free time, have watched a lot of movies, were as horror is my all time favorite, i really am speechless, have nothing more to say that please don't do the effort to watch something so daft, please understand

this is really terrible.the only redeeming feature about this movie is that the next time people ask me what is the worst vampire movie i have ever watched, i would have a suitable reply.i think it is filmed on 35 mm so it is already tacky like hell. i wouldn't have bothered commenting but i noticed some fanboys (probably connected to the movie) had claimed that this was the best movie since the matrix. let me debunk the myths and lies.there is nothing good in the movie. everything yells tacky. the actress is ugly. the fight choreography is the worst i have ever seen. the fight scenes are unbelievably amateurish. imagine a girl flailing her arms around in a circle helplessly and delivering weak kicks which wouldn't hurt a kitten. obviously, the director just pulled people off the street to give them roles in the movie.i know the director did not have much budget for the movie but still better movies have been made on smaller budget before. unforgivable.

you may consider a couple of facts in the discussion to be spoilers.i'm sorry, but spielberg didn't deserve to win any oscar for this piece, and i think the academy was right in that vote. (other oscars for best actor nominations and such... that i don't know about. but it would be hard to justify, given what they were told to do and what you see in the final product.) the way spielberg directs this is so contrived, so meddlesome. while watching this movie a distinction made during a film as art course i have taken was screaming at me: "sentiment is honest emotion honestly rendered. sentimentality is sugary and unreal, a false view of life." this is over-the-top sentimentality. when in real life to two people ever begin to read out loud in synchronicity, as celie and shug avery do when sitting on the bed going over the letters from nettie they have found? there are examples of this type of faux behavior throughout the film: all the men crowding around miss millie's car and then jumping in unison like a flock of birds taking off when she goes to drive away; harpo falling through the roofs of various buildings he's working on (a cheap slapstick gag); the whole troop of revelers heading from the jook joint en masse to the chapel, as if magically entranced by the choir's singing... on and on. nothing rings true. i even wondered if harpo's name was chosen purposefully because it's his wife sophia's real name, "oprah," backwards. spielberg isn't above such "cuteness."it's not that spielberg is incapable of honestly rendered action and emotion. schindler's list was amazing, deeply touching for me, and i greatly admire saving private ryan too for its realism, even if the story is a bit contrived.

"spielberg loves the smell of sentiment in the morning. but sentiment at the expense of narrative honesty? nobody should love that." - lucius shepard"the color purple" takes place in the deep south during the early 1900s, and tells the story of celie and nettie, two african american sisters. the film opens with the girls playing in a field of purple flowers, an idyllic haven which is promptly shattered by the appearance of their stepfather. this motif – innocence interrupted by men – permeates the entire film.the film then launches into a series of short sequences. celie is revealed to have been twice impregnated by her stepfather, gives birth in a dirty barn, has her newborn child taken away and is forced to marry a local widow named albert johnson, a violent oaf who rapes her repeatedly, forcing her to cook, clean and look after his children.all these horrific scenes are given little screen time, and are instead surrounded by moments of pixie-dust cinematography, a meddlesome symphonic score, incongruous comedy and overly exuberant camera work. the cumulative effect is like the merging of a disney cartoon and a rape movie, a jarring aesthetic which caused stanley kubrick to remark that "the color purple" made him so nauseated that he had to turn it off after ten minutes. ten minutes? he lasted a long time.the film is often said to deal which "racism", "sexism" and "black culture", but this is not true. alice walker, the author of the novel upon which the film is based, claims to be a bisexual but is actually a closet lesbian. her book is a lesbian fantasy, a story of female liberation and self-discovery, which paints men as violent brutes who stymie women. for walker, the only way out of this maze is for women to bond together in a kind of lesbian utopia, black sisterhood and female independence celebrated.spielberg's film, however, re-frames walker's story through the lens of comforting american mythologies. this is a film in which the salvific power of christianity overcomes the natural cruelty of men. a film in which albert finds himself in various ridiculous situations, moments of misplaced comedy inserted to make him look like a bumbling fool. a film in which all the characters are derived from racist minstrel shows, the cast comprised of lecherous men (always beaming with devilish smiles and toothy grins), stereotypical fat mammies, jazz bands and gospel choirs. this is a film in which black people are naturally childlike, readily and happily accepting their social conditions. a film in which black people are over-sexed, carnal sensualists dominated by violent passions. a film in which poverty and class issues are entirely invisible (albert lives in a huge house) and black men are completely inept. this is not the old south, this is the old south as derived from "gone with the wind", mgm muscals, "song of the south", warner cartoons, "halleluha!" and banned disney movies. in other words, it's the south as seen by a child raised on 50s tv. it's all so cartoonish, so racist in the way it reduces these human beings to one dimensional ethnic stereotypes, that black novelist ishmael reed famously likened it to a nazi conspiracy.of course, in typical spielberg fashion the film ends with family bonds being healed. this reconciliation was in walker's novel, but spielberg goes further by having every character in the story reconcile with their kin.beyond walker's hate letter to black men and spielberg's bizarre caricaturing of black life, we are shown nothing of the black community. we have only the vaguest ideas as to how any of these characters make a living and no insight into how they interact with others in their community. instead, spielberg's camera jumps about, desperately fighting for our attention (one of celie's kitchen contraptions seems like it belongs in a "home alone" movie), every emotion over played, the director never stopping to just observe something or to allow a little bit of life to simply pass by. couple this with quincy jones' ridiculously "white" music, and you have one of the strangest films in cinema history: an angry feminist tract filmed by a white jew in the style of disney and griffith, scored by a black man trying to emulate john williams.problematic too is the lack of white characters. consider this: the men in this film aren't portrayed as being rough to each other, nor do they dominate women because they are brutalised by a racist society which reduces their manhood. no, they are cruel by nature. and the women, whether quietly suffering like celie or rebellious and tough like her sister, persevere and survive only because the men are too stupid to destroy them. a better film would not have focused solely on the oppression of women as it occurs among the oppressed, rather, it would have shown that it is societal abuse which has led to spousal abuse, that enslaved black women are forced to perform the very same tasks as their male counterparts (whilst still fulfilling traditional female roles) and that african american domestic violence occurs largely because of economic factors, women unable to support themselves and their children alone.and so there's a hidden ideology at work here. late in the film one character tells another that since he didn't respect his wife, she wound up getting severely beaten and imprisoned by whites. the implication is that blacks need to return to their african roots to restore their own dignity and that it is their fault that whites unjustly crush them. ie- respect one another in your poor minority community and you won't run afoul of the dominant white culture. 3/10 - a failure to confront sex and lesbianism, inappropriate musical numbers, countless sequence loaded with extraneous visual pizazz, incongruous comic business, emphatic music cues, and wildly hyped emotionality, all contribute to rendering "the color purple" worthless.

watched this on dvd in original language with english subs. either the subtitling was very poor or the actual dialog doesn't make much of story and give any character development. there are quite a few hk stars in this but the movie doesn't need their presence to make it better or worse. it's just bad. the bright and colorful scenes done in cg are attractive for the sheer colors and brilliance but it can get overwhelming before long. if anything this makes me think of a child's movie with its nonstop barrage of cg, fight scenes, and crap plot. i'm certain i grasped what took place in the film but the whole delivery of the story was rather lousy.

this is not so much film as big budget children's television. as far as i can tell, the villain is a giant swarm of chocolate covered espresso beans. this theory seems to be verified by the fact that the subtitles refer to it as 'insomnia'. when it's first mentioned that a civilization had been wiped out by insomnia, i thought "wow! a nihilistic martial arts film!" but no such luck. although you have to consider it experimental cinema when the villain is strangled by an old man's long, white eyebrows. zu warriors makes exactly the same amount of sense whether the subtitles are on or off. that's not a good sign. i found the special effects to be somewhere between ray harryhausen and xena: warrior princess. primitive.

how this piece of garbage was put to film is beyond me. the only actor who is at all known to me is judge reinhold, an accomplished actor whose presence is merely a justification for putting it into production.i don't even think it is worth a nomination for a rotten tomato award, this film really does make b movies a cinematic enjoyment. a car travelling along the freeway with police in tow, and no one knows how to stop the car, yeah, right.the script must have been written on the back of a cigarette carton. most made for tv movies are awful but this redefines the word. check out the acting skills of the bridge operator, pure oscar material.

there is no story! the plot is hopeless! a filmed based on a car with a stuck accelerator, no brakes, and a stuck automatic transmission gear lever cannot be good! i would have stopped that car within one minute whether i was in it or in the police car constantly following it. i feel sorry for the actors that had to put up with such a poor script. the few scenes that some similarity to action was heavily over-dramatized, and as far from reality you can get. in addition, there were a lot of blunders, for instance the hood of the runaway car, which was popped doing 100mph. at first it just folded over the windshield, like it would in reality, but then, afterwards, it blew off. the car was later in the movie observed with the hood on....this film was nothing but annoying, stay away from it!

this movie is so bad it hurts. the car doing 30 mph when it's supposed to go 100... the shift lever that's stuck (in park!), the nurse that drives for almost 2 hours with the cell phone on the shoulder...can't any of the 2 morons take this damn phone? there's nothing credible in this crap. i would be ashamed to be seen in a movie like this!

this film has it all; the deft camera work, reminiscent of martin scorcese, or oliver stone, the tight acting of 'heat', the explosive action of a jerry bruckheimer movie, the witty dialogue of a tarantino script and the epic feel of say, 'the godfather'the judge reinhold character displays a fiery temperememt, yet also shows real emotional depth and intensity. his performance reminds me of robert de niro's portrayal of jake la motta in raging bull.the action scenes are truly breathtaking, not since bullit has a movie depicted such high octane, yet stylish car scenes. the special effects push the boundries of technology and filmmaking to their limits. independance day set the standard that this movie clearly has matched, and greatly surpassed.overall, great acting from its a list cast (like an oscars night party invitation list!), classy locations, gripping action, and a tight script.

this 1997 film-blanc classic tale of smoldering passion has achieved its well-deserved legendary status as one of the screen's greatest sagas of a doomed and hopeless love. the pervasive, ongoing and progressive magnetism between judge reinhold and what's-her-name is sure to set many a viewer's heart a-flutter with memories of one's own first crush. the brilliant screenplay dangles this embryonic affair-to-be in front of the enraptured audience, sitting transfixed as the abstract, almost-expressionist cinematography deep-focuses on the just-under-the-surface desires that ebb and flow between the principals. you can cut the sexual tension with a dull tire iron. a tiny drop of perspiration on the end of a nose catches the bright sunshine, and leaves no doubt as to its significance. scenes like this abound and bear watching again and again. as with "jane eyre" and "rebecca" (to which this masterpiece is so often compared), the closeups of the actors' faces as they experience the slow dawning of the great love-that-is-not-to-be will haunt you forever. the now-classic rc soundtrack score, with its creative and unique use of solo synthesizer, emphasizes the emotion that drips throughout like a leaky crankcase.if i had any criticisms at all by mentioning what i consider a minor flaw (and dared to risk the wrath of the millions of fans who hold this classic so dear to their hearts), i would say that the hallmark of "runaway car" - its sense of mounting sexual tension - is briefly broken by the highway scene, which now after repeated viewings seems just a bit overlong (and probably even unnecessary?) to the eternal, bittersweet tale of love interrupted.dare i advance what i perceive as the tiniest of flaws in this critically-acclaimed triumph of modern cinema? 'citizen kane' had its 'rosebud' . . . 'runaway car' should have its catchword as well. perhaps the film could have opened with an extreme closeup of judge reinhold saying something such as "a car is an extension of its owner!", and the rest of the storyline could then be dedicated to parsing every syllable, subtlety and nuance of that phrase. had that plot line been done, this film could have topped "titanic" at the golden globes that year, i'm convinced.my one regret? that i didn't read the novel first.

imagine, its, say 12-1am - your at home, your bored, your not tired. this scenario occurred about, say 4 or so years back..i turned on the tv and flicked over a few channels and found that this film was on. oh my word this is the worst film i have ever seen! a runaway car that cant be stopped (cos the brakes have been cut or something) in caning it down the freeway - whats gonna happen?! this film was so bad its actually funny - i think the stunts cost about $2 to make, there was one instance where a baby/small child is being winched from the car by a helicopter - in an attempt to excite the viewer - a conveniently placed bridge is nearing ahead...this is the best bad bit of a film ever - it shows the child narrowly missing the bridge but it looks so bad - you can almost see the make of the dummy that they used - total low budget classic! cant remember the end of the film, though but i bet it was greati doubt they will ever show this film again so i'm glad i got to see this piece of trash!

i have to admit that by moments i had to laugh at how bad that movie was... but the laughs were too few and since this whole thing was in no way a parody, it felt more like an insult to the viewer's intelligence. the worst acting i have ever seen from any of these people...

this became a cult movie in chinese college students, though i havnt watched it until it is broadcasted in channel4, uk.full of arty giddy pretentions, the plot is mediocre and unreal; the 'spirit' it wants to convey is how independent artists 'resist the commercisliation of music industry' and maintain their' purity of an artistic soul' and wouldnt 'sell themselves for dirty money'. that is really giddy and superficial; the diologue are mainly pathetic. acting is poor. sceenplay is full of art pretention. it is a fantasy movie for kids and that;s all

this was a waste of 75 minutes of my life. the acting was atrocious and the plot was ridiculous. it revolves around an evil lesbian who gets rich married men to have sex with her, and then blackmails them for money. one of the victims is a candidate for da, which is causing problems in his relationship with his wife. another is a plastic surgeon, also married, and the evil lesbian happens to seduce this guys wife too! meanwhile, the evil lesbian's girlfriend doesn't really like her sleeping around. it ends in a happy ending where all is forgiven. the women get naked a lot too, mostly in situations that stretch reality. bad bad bad.

argh! this film hurts my head. and not in a good way.maybe it's just my growing hatred for the action genre, but even as a kid when i would swallow tripe like navy seals, i still regarded this film with dislike. now i utterly despise it.take one fairly good fast-paced story. keep the title and throw the rest away. instead use some half-assesd future gladiators storyline thats so full of plot holes the whole things in danger of collapsing (why is there a rebel base in the middle of the arena, what about the cameras? why have clearly marked footage of what really happened at bakersfeild in an unguarded room?)the whole film screams eighties, from the truley awful score to the goofy shiny costumes. ugh.don't watch this film. i know some people liked it, but some people get off on being peed on and i don't understand them either.

i am a big fan of stephen king. i loved the running man. so obviously i was very excited that someone had made a film of it. and when a local network showed the film, i was in heaven. i was all ready for a night of fun!the first indicator that something was wrong was when i noticed that someone had cast arnold schwarzenegger. i could simply not believe that a man who got famous for films filled with runnin' an' shootin' could play a more cunning part, as was described in the book. i still was convinced that this would be a good film, however. who knows, maybe arnold had some hidden talents?well, he didn't. i soon found out that the only reason he was even cast was because someone had re-written the entire story to make it about fightin' an' shootin'. yup, it was a standard arnold-film: hero is done wrong, hero solves problems by flexing his mighty muscles and scaring everyone away and hero gets the girl.i was stunned. this is not what the book said at all. i know that books can't be put on screen literally, but this didn't even have ties to the book. stephen king should have openly denounced any affiliation with the film and he should have forbidden using the title the running man for this shameless waste of film. i don't say it often, but this film was bad. if i weren't at home watching, i'd have tossed rotten tomatoes at the screen. once again: bad.(note that i used 'someone' a lot. i did this because i'm sure a lot of people are ashamed to have worked on this and i don't want to embarrass them even further by naming them here)

i read the running man from kings books as bachman and i felt for the main character john and his family. this movie could have been so much more. the trouble? it was set during the big action movie craze. i watched the movie and was in pain during the whole thing. i felt nothing for the character and less for his cause. yes it had funny scenes (or laughable) though i think that it did not save the movie in my eyes. if you read the book you can feel the climax and the fire in the heart of john as he gets his final revenge.i give this movie a low number. it may not have been this low if i had not read the book.

:::spoiler alert:::soooo, arnie's really a good guy, but after an incident with some fighting in a helicopter and some disobeying of orders, he's sent to jail (or rather some sort of work camp). he escapes, but after a short while he's caught once again. this time ends up in a freakish reality show in which he's supposed to run for a while from a bunch of tough guys with different themes, and eventually die. but we all know arnie, and we all know that he's tougher than even the toughest of tough guys.i really wanted to like this movie, being an arnie-fan and all. however, "the running man" contains too many flaws that really annoy the crap out of me. e.g. the reconstruction of arnie's fight inside the helicopter, where the shocked audience is showed a short summary of the incident, complete with 5-10 different camera angles. this means that the military helicopter in which arnie flew was equipped with almost 10 cameras filming the crew members, one of which _inside_ the eye of one of the crew members arnie beats.there are other flaws also, and the plot, which in theory seems to be very interesting and innovative, works for a while, then it sort of creates a pool of stupidness and unrealism in which it drowns.the acting can't really be said to be anything better than sub par, with arnie in the leading role, doing an average arnie performance. the rest of the cast get by without being especially good or bad.the special effects are ok, without being impressive.rating: 3/10

i am probably one of the few who actually read stephen king's book, the one this movie was based on. after reading this excellent work, i could not wait to see the movie version of it. after viewing the movie, i was totally disappointed. the only thing that this movie has in common with the book is the title and the names of the characters. in the book, schwarzenegger's character is put on a game show. the main object is to survive. but he's not in an arena. he's set loose in the city and has to escape the game show's (i guess you'd call them) villians, who bear absolutely no resemblence to the movie characters. this premise built much tension and suspension and ended greatly with the climax. the movie was absolute garbage. there was no cinematic quality to it. i totally respect arnold schwarzenegger as an actor, but he messed up with this one.

man, what a scam this turned out to be! not because it wasn't any good (as i wasn't really expecting anything from it) but because i was misled by the dvd sleeve which ignorantly paraded its "stars" as being stuart whitman, stella stevens and tony bill. sure enough, their names did not appear in the film's opening credits, much less themselves in the rest of it!! as it turned out, the only movie which connects those three actors together is the equally obscure las vegas lady (1975) – but what that one has to do with the crater lake monster is anybody's guess… even so, since i paid $1.50 for its rental and i was in a monster-movie mood anyhow, i elected to watch the movie regardless and, yup, it stunk! apart from the fact that it had a no-name cast and an anonymous crew, an unmistakably amateurish air was visible from miles away and the most i could do with it is laugh at the jaws-like pretensions and, intentionally so, at the resistible antics of two moronic layabouts-cum-boat owners who frequently squabble among themselves with the bemused local sheriff looking on. the creature itself – a plesiosaur i.e. half-dinosaur/half-fish – is imperfectly realized (naturally) but, as had been the case with the giant claw (1957) which i've also just seen, this didn't seem to bother the film-makers none as they flaunt it as much as they can, especially during the movie's second half!

...and it is this film. i imagine that if indeed there is a negative afterlife, damned souls are tied to a rather uncomfortable couch and forced to watch this movie on a continuous loop for all eternity. okay, maybe it's not that bad, but it is probably the worst film i have ever seen next to "manos, the hands of fate"... and i have seen a lot of bad movies, believe you me. this is just a crummy b movie, bad film-making at it's finest(or is it worst?) the thing i really didn't like about this movie is the moronic duo they threw in for comedy relief. now, a little comedy relief is a good thing, but most of the movie is focused on the adventures of these two morons, rather than on the "heroes" of this film, who are actually in it for less time than them! to be fair, crown international really destroyed the movie by adding bad music and doing a poor job editing. but honestly, this was probably a bad film to begin with, so crown really couldn't have done that much to hurt it. this really needs to be in the bottom 100 list. i wouldn't wish this one on my worst enemy. actually, it's my kind of campy b movie. it was bad, but i still liked it, despite my one star rating.

- the movie opens with a meteor crashing into a lake. unbeknownst to the locals, a dinosaur egg is also at the bottom of the lake. the meteor heats the lake, turning it into a giant incubator. you guessed it, the egg hatches releasing a dinosaur that proceeds to terrorize the community.- what utter garbage. it's not that i mind the stop-motion clay dinosaur, it's everything else about the movie that bothers me. the acting is atrocious. the dialogue is utterly ridiculous. the comic relief is anything but comic. logic is non-existent. any similarity between the "scientists" in this movie and an actual scientist is purely coincidental. i could go on for an eternity on the bad aspects of this movie, but you get the idea. i feel it's fairly safe to call this disaster "mst3k worthy".

well, what are the odds! at the exact right moment that a few redneck amateur-scientists discover cave paintings indicating that some type of dinosaur monster might have inhabited the area thousands of years ago, a burning meteor crashes into the lake and spontaneously hatches a monster's egg that has been lying there … for over a thousand years, i suppose! "the crater lake monster" is a movie that literally must be seen to be believed, but you better do so in the company of many friends and a pile of ganja in order to make the wholesome a little bit easier to digest. yes, this is a terrible film with the utmost ramshackle screenplay imaginable and numerous irrelevant padding interludes that are downright embarrassing, but it's also irresistibly charming and so clumsily put together that you simply have to cherish some kind of fondness for it. half of the film – at least – revolves on the wacky adventures of arnie and mitch. these two local yokels own and run a boat renting shop near the lake, but spend most of their days picking their noses and quarreling over fascinating stuff like to spell the word "bait". it is mostly during their prototypic laurel & hardy situations that new puddles of blood or decapitated heads are discovered in the lake. steve hanson, the heroic but not exactly sharp sheriff is on the case, but only if he's not too busy chasing big city thugs traveling through the area. halfway through the film, there suddenly is an abrupt scene about a thug robbing a liquor store and killing two people in the process. this textbook "wtf" moment appears to take on the complete other side of the country, like in new york city or something, and has absolutely nothing to do with the events going on at crater lake. only like twenty minutes later the robber pops up again in hicksville and there's an "exhilarating" chase through the woods, ending in the dino's hungry muzzle. the absurd little details in "the crater lake monster" are too numerous to mention! for example, this is probably the only creature-feature in which the players discover the obligatory gigantic footprint after they already spotted the actual monster. the goofs in continuity should be legendary as far as i'm concerned. it's like everybody forgot to pay attention to it. night turns into twilight into day and back into twilight … all during one and the same diurnal course! the monster is undeniably the best aspect about the film, especially since it's accomplished through good old fashioned and adorable stop- motion effects. the cute critter is a plesiosaur; meaning an aquatic dinosaur looking like a crossbreed between denver the last dinosaur and an alligator. "crater lake monster" is a unique and unforgettable movie- experience that i can only encourage to track down! the miserable 1 out of 10 rating is just out of principle (and because basically, this is a very bad film) should be put into perspective, because i might as well could have given it 10 out of 10 for sheer entertainment value.

we have a lake. we have an animated meteor crashing. we have a killer stop-motion dinosaur with flippers. okay, so let's call this movie the crater lake monster. what else can we add? hmm, two idiots called arnie & mitch to define the ultimate definition of "comic relief". we also got to have a sheriff who doesn't really do a damn thing in this film and whom nobody listens to. aw crap, we're over halfway through the movie and we forgot to insert a bad guy! no worries, let's introduce some guy with a moustache, have him rob a store to indicate he's a bad guy, then have him pop up somewhere near the lake, have him chased through the woods and all this for the sole purpose of him ending up as dinosaur snack food. that should work.a complete, clumsy mess, this film. its logic will twist your mind to force laughter out of you. the first film to feature dave allen as a "stop motion supervisor". after this one, he joined forces with charles band for several years until the the mid-nineties, when band ran out of money to pay him, i guess. the dinosaur effects are charming and the whole film is pretty damn unintentionally funny. unfortunately, that's about the only good thing that can be said for it.good badness? yes. the mind-bending logic in the narrative should be enough reason to put it on the list. if not, arnie & mitch will do the trick. 3/10 and 8/10

****don't read this review if you want the shocking conclusion of "the crater lake monster" to be a total surprise****a claymation plesiosaur rises from the depths of crater lake to wreak havoc on a group of local rednecks, not to mention your fast forward button. to call "the crater lake monster" amateurish is to overstate the obvious. if you aren't a fan of low budget drive-in films, you probably wouldn't be looking here in the first place.the problem with the movie is that when there's no monster action going on, it really sucks and goes nowhere. the script is very ed wood-ish, in that it's utterly contrived in the way it sets up the main action sequences. nothing is too outlandish for "the crater lake monster". it explains its dinosaur by having a meteor crash into crater lake, 'superheating' the water to the point where it incubates a dinosaur egg that has apparently been resting at the bottom of the lake for millennia. even if we could accept that the egg could have been lying there for so long and remained uncovered and viable, wouldn't "superheating" the water to such a high temperature cause most of the lake to evaporate? other than some token fog in one or two scenes, we see no evidence of the water being hot, other than a few lines in the script.the script is padded rather obviously in a few sequences, and it will do anything to get the characters near the lake so that they can be menaced by the claymation dino. a couple just passing through experiences car trouble and while their automobile is being serviced, they decide to rent a boat and head out into crater lake. hmmmm...do you think these strangers in the story could be there so they would run into our title monstrosity? in a sequence that's just plain bizarre, a drunk robs a liquor store and decides to murder the cashier and a bystander instead of paying four dollars for a bottle of booze. a car chase ensues, and wouldn't ya know it...they end up right by the lake. snack time for cratey! yeah, it's not hard to figure out, and you're so far ahead of the script that you're irritated when it takes another ten minutes for these scenes to unfold.the shamelessness of it all is endearing, and i really want to like "the crater lake monster". i just can't do it. there's not enough here to go on, and this is more of a movie to put on during a party, because you could talk right over it and it wouldn't matter. the film has a slim list of the things going for it, the most important being the dinosaur itself, which appears in three forms: a shadow puppet, a large model head that is dragged woodenly through the water, and a fully realized claymation insert that actually looks pretty good. there are also a pair of lovable hicks in it, and they carry the majority of the intentional humor in the movie. a downbeat ending leaves us mourning the death of both the monster and one of our beloved hicks, so every good thing about this film is dead by the end of it. why was i so affected by this conclusion? was it the mournful song played over the closing credits? or was i just weeping inwardly for the time that i waste watching films like this?

... and how they bore you right out of your mind! the crater lake monster is one of the classic bad films from the 70's made with no actors of any note, an embarrassing script, woeful direction, and a tireless desire to fuse "horror" with light comedy. this movie introduces a paleontologist who finds drawings of an aquatic dinosaur underneath crater lake...a meteor falls from the sky, and an aquatic dinosaur of the claymation variety begins to terrorize and eat the inhabitants surrounding crater lake. the whole matter is taken care of by steve our local sheriff. much of the film - when not showing pools of blood left behind from what we imagine must have been the beast dining - is spent following the bumbling antic of two guys named arnie and mitch who run a boat rental place. they try so bad to be funny, that we get lines like, looking at a business sign, mitch saying to arnie "you spelled bait wrong, it's spelled b-a-t-e." the laughs were rather scarce here. we then see them get drunk together and imagine a tree trunk to be the dinosaur. laurel and hardy watch out! the dinosaur looks fake, but the movie is fun in a bad way. and at the very least, the lake is beautiful.

firstly i would like to point out that i only know of the show due to my younger sister always watching it. i find it the most annoying program on tv. there is nothing funny about any of the 'jokes' and the canned laughter is unbearable. the show would work much better if filmed in front of a live audience. that way the laughter would show just how 'unfunny' the show is. however i give credit to the acting talents of the young cast. it sickens me however to think that they'll look back on the show in the future and see how bad their first tv show was. the show links in well with the overall annoying voices and style of the cbbc presenters. why the youth of today need to be shouted at so much is beyond me. that is all.

saps at sea aspect ratio: 1.37:1sound format: mono(black and white)suffering from 'hornophobia', ollie embarks on a 'restful' boat trip, but he and stan get mixed up with an escaped convict (rychard cramer). chaos ensues.this feature length comedy - an ok entry which nonetheless unspools like a mere imitation of laurel and hardy's best work - marked the final collaboration between l&h and producer hal roach. episodic in structure, the movie culminates in a memorable ocean voyage after the boys are taken hostage by villainous cramer (who shoots a seagull to prove how tough he is!). the gags are ok, but inspiration is lacking, perhaps due to the recruitment of actor-turned-director gordon douglas, previously responsible for ollie's first solo effort in the sound era (zenobia, produced in 1939), but whose work here lacks a measure of pzazz. fair, but nothing special. l&h regulars charlie hall and james finlayson make guest appearances.

i'm a big fan of the old westerns, and do not believe that hollywood is capable of capturing its old glory. but not even ronda fleming and stewart granger can help this 1957 movie which carries nearly all the trite characteristics of westerns of the reformed gunfighter turned good guy. fallen but virtuous woman, bigoted townspeople who must turn to gunfighter for salvation, etc. i can't help but notice the last names of the writer and young "actor" who plays granger's son. any nepotism there? i've seen better acting in high school plays. chill wills plays a cartoon characterization of chill wills. have i reached the 1000 words yet?

i get the feeling that the producers of this mess were out to make the most painful, ridiculous western ever made. "painful" is the best word i can think of to describe it.on the plus side you have nice color photography and beautiful and well-spoken rhonda fleming. my sympathy goes to jacques aubuchon (who played the cripple), who acted well enough in an annoying role, written so atrociously that no actor could give an enjoyable performance. the production values were quite good, which only served to highlight the terrible story and screenplay.things i hated: stewart granger looked so little like a western figure, what with his british accent, neat tailored outfit, and silly immaculate always-white kerchief tied around his neck. it got tiresome the way the townspeople and his son were constantly haranguing and insulting granger, and he never spoke up or replied back. i know we are supposed to suspend disbelief and appreciate westerns as symbolic morality plays, but this one broke the spell with it laughably unrealistic and predictable scenes, the worst being at the end where granger miraculously, speedily and single-handedly plants dynamite around a canyon pass that the bad guy's cattle will pass through, and then granger plants himself in the perfect spot so he can shoot the dynamite from a very far distance to create rock slides to bury and spook the cattle and bad guys, seemingly destroying them all, save the two main bad guys. next worst is everything about the plot, which is loaded with soap opera scenes. nothing in the movie seemed believable: i couldn't believe what all the conflict was about. the bad guy was driving his herd through to market and wanted the cows to chew some grass along the way; i don't see why something couldn't have been worked out. you need a land ownership dispute for that? don't bother to see it.

at least i was able to enjoy mocking the movie which is surprising since i was barely able to sit through it. in all honesty, my guess is the cover to the dvd case cost more than the entire movie. and saying that it is the same director as the boogeyman, when a new version of that just came out...nice touch guys, it was misleading enough to rope me in. the only thing that frustrated me more than the insufferable acting of the copycat was his haircut. usually you only see that kind of hair on a ten year old boy and the character acted like it. the film looks like it was shot by a d+ grad student of some film school excited to use every film technique he ever learned while attending classes....sometimes, less is more buddy. through out i would get lost by random plot twists that led nowhere or were unexplained. all this makes a bad movie but when the ending doesn't even come close to pulling it together, well, that makes it an exceptionally bad movie. without a doubt this is the worst movie i have ever seen, and that includes my friends' french final video for senior year of high school, but hey maybe i'm a bit biased, i mean i did get to play an extra. p.s. i don't even think this deserves a star...not even a half. none for you!!

not that "a film by ulli lommel" filled me with hope, but i must confess that zodiac killer managed to sink beneath my lowest expectations. there is a recent trend among young filmmakers of utilizing digital video for their early projects, which is all well and good for giving these kids the opportunity to create work without spending all their money on expensive film stock. but many of these young filmmakers have also wised up to the notion of filtering the finished movie so that it appears qualitatively more like celluloid. the effect is never perfect, but it helps. unfiltered digital video really only works for the "mockumentary" style, because it never looks like anything other than video. therein lies the primary trouble with zodiac killer. watching the movie feels like watching a daytime soap opera about a murderer. it does not feel like watching a movie. and what's even more unforgivable is that the lommel is not a young filmmaker. he ought to know better. he ought to know that it's virtually impossible to generate horror (or even suspense!) on video. for the love of god this guy has been directing since the sixties! he may be the only director who has failed to improve over a forty year career in the business. and lucky us, he wrote the script too! so you can expect convoluted actions that mean nothing, unjustified behavior, and at least one truly pretentious plot element that will leave you utterly unsatisfied. please, please miss this film. you'll thank me later.

as there was nothing wrong with the acting etc etc the writing for the episode is way off for this series phantom or no phantom. it was a waste of 42 minutes to see the martian man hunter. you have to know that in the middle of the 6th series no matter what happens it is not true what is going on and really brings nothing to the story of the series except meeting the martian man hunter again and to waste 30 minutes to do this is by far another case of bad writing in the soap opera of smallville. i really like the show but mainly due to the cast and the 3 or so good episodes each year but who ever is on the writing cast that works or used to work on the soaps needs to be canned. this was by far one of the worst. with in the first 4 minutes you know that what is going on is bogus and anything happening is a dream based on clark's infliction obviously caused by a phantom zone character and when he wakes up he will win and blah blah blah so the writers don't have to really create a villain that will progress the story line any this week. may as well have added another villain to die in the last episode the martian man hunter was in and made him fly away again or come back and tell clark he forgot his sunglasses to get a closer look like in this episode and call it a day.

this waste of time is a completely unnecessary remake of a great film. nothing new or original is added other than perry's backflashes, which are of marginal interest. it lacks the documentary feel of the first film and the raw urgency that made it so effective. also painfully missing is the sharp quincy jones soundtrack that added to much to the original film. i can't understand any high ratings for this at all. it's quite bad. why does anyone waste time or money making crap like this and why did i waste time watching it?

why do they insist on making re-makes of great movies like "high noon" "from here to eternity" and this one?why do they think that color is more engrossing to a viewer than stark black and white?why did robert's insist on wearing that dopey, broad-billed, baseball cap?...it made him look like jim varney.why would anyone spend four hours suffering through this?watch the original. then you won't have to ask yourself why.

in cold blood was one of several 60s films that created a new vision of violence in the hollywood film industry. capote coined the phrase "nonfiction novel" to describe the book on which this film is based, and the spirit of that form was carried over into the film script, which he co-wrote. despite the fact that we were well into the era of color film, richard brooks elected to present this film in black and white to underscore both the starkness of the landscape and the bleakness of the story. this is the first problem with the tv remake --color changes the tone of the story. in addition, the confinement of shooting a film for tv makes reduces the options of how the shots are framed and focused. as a result, we lose the dramatic clash which makes the second part of the original film (police interviews, trial, imprisonment, and execution) so claustrophobic. on the small screen, it's just another version of law and order spin-offs. hollywood's search for scripts continuously takes it back to movies that were successful in another age. usually, that's a mistake, and this is no exception.all of the actors are competent. the script is ok. the directing doesn't get in the way. it's just that the movie doesn't work as well as the original precision instrument. it doesn't hook the viewer into the ambivalence toward smith and hickock that the original film provokes. at the end of the tv version, we are left with the feeling: "ho hum, who cares?"see the original first, on as large a screen as you can, then watch the tv version simply to understand why the first one was such an important film in 1967.wouldn't hurt to also go on line and read a bit about capote and the original book. it will help you to understand the extraordinary effort he put into the material, and also some of the controversy surrounding both the book and the movie.i actually only gave this a 4 because i save the bottom 3 rankings for true bombs--the kind that enrage you about having been sucked into spending an

i bought this film on dvd so i could get an episode of mystery science theater 3000. thankfully, mike, crow, and tom servo are watchable, because the film itself is not. although there is a plot, a story one can follow, and a few actors that can act, there isn't anything else. the movie was so boring, i have firmly confirmed that i will never watch it again without tom, crow and mike. as summarized above, however, it was better than the film featured in the mst3k episode that preceded it; mitchell.

i can't quite say that "jerry springer:ringmaster" is the worst film i have ever seen. the film would be better off if it were, because at least the worst film i've ever seen, (prom night ii) interested me enough for me to hate it. my only reaction after leaving the theatre happened when i looked up at the clock and discovered that only 90 minutes had passed. it had seemed much more like years. it is an endless repetition of poor people, (or what jerry springer seems to believe poor people are), screwing each other, hitting each other, insulting each other, and then repeating the process with the same attention to duty the rest of us use when shampooing. the plot, which covers how a group of stupid people mangle their lives badly enough to provide grist for the jerry springer mill, advances solely because of the idiocy of the characters. this makes it impossible to care what happens to them. it never mattered to me whether they got on the show, or what they said, or who slept with whom. maybe i'm not supposed to care about them. maybe i'm supposed to look at them as some kind of comic type-- to see their outrageous behavior as inherently funny. too bad it isn't. the humor is not outrageous. it's innocuous. it's predictable. humor has to have something behind it, some kind of painful irony or life experience, in order to function. scatology is not wit. an example. a mother catches her daughter and her husband in bed. to take revenge she marches across the trailer park and gives oral sex to her daughter's boyfriend. since i was over the shock of jerry springer's show a long time ago, i had the same reaction i had to andrew dice clay's obscene nursery rhymes; not laughter, just yawning. lastly, i found springer's pose as a populist tiresome and unconvincing. if he really were an advocate of the poor, he would bring on a single mom from bed-sty to talk about trying to raise her kids in new york city on $12,000 a year. or, failing that, he would at least give the participants of his shows a cut of his profits. jerry springer gets millions for his shows, his movie, his book and videos. his guests just get round trip air fare, hotel accommodations, and a chance to humiliate themselves. if he liked poor people so much, he'd give them at least some of the money they earn for him. it appears that springer wanted to make this movie to grab some legitimacy for himself. jeez, with all his fine work, you'd think he'd have earned our respect already. anyway, the film is weak and boring. it doesn't even succeed at being offensive. if you want to have a better evening, videotape a bug zapper for a night and then watch that.

ok, let me say that i didn't expect a film starring jerry springer to be cinematic gold, all i asked for was it to be cinematic...and it wasn't even that. it looked like someone's bad home movies. poorly acted, scripted, and filled to the brim with nudity of the most unnattractive people i've ever seen.the film's "plot" focuses on a low-class family who decide to go on the "jerry farrelly show" to discuss multiple affairs between a mother, daughter, stepfather and the daughter's fiancee. from there, the movie fizzles and develops into a unique experience: white-trash pornography. there's redneck sex, interacial sex, even sex between jerry and his wife? (yuk!) this film encouraged me to want to run out of the theater and get a second circumcision. at least it was mercifully short. disgusting and degrading. african-americans and working class america should be offended. (howard stern should be pleased however, he didn't squander his attempt for film stardom. his was smart, funny and entertaining)my grade: f+ (the daughter was hot)

to preface this review, i must say that i was, i suppose, a little curious about this movie.. however, i probably would not have seen it had i not had my arm slightly twisted.in my opinion, this movie shows just how depraved man can be. in my eyes, the worst thing about this whole springer phenomenon is not that type of people on the "jerry springer show" act as they do (which in itself is eminently reproachable), but that many people are so curious and excited to watch them and hear about their lives (yes, i suppose that includes me.. to whatever extent it is true). if not glorifying that kind of behavior (as some might say) at the very least we may be subtly corrupting our minds and/or desenstizing ourselves to this type of behavior.but enough soapbox (sort of). here's the skinny: the movie has an r rating, and while it may deserve only that (i did look away at some scenes, so i'm not completely sure), i feel that an nc-17 (tip of the hat to the other reviewer) might be a little more appropriate for the immense sexual content (a cynic might comment that the movie was just one big excuse to show sex on the big screen). the plot is very bizarre, tying together the stories of an absolutely dysfunctional family and a group of stereotypical blacks upset who will appear on different springer shows. at the end, the movie leaves one with some resolvement- and springer rhetoric about the need for us to see the real world (evidently as seen through his show). i agree with him there- it is important to know how the world really is so that we can seek to effect positive change. having said that, let me just tell you- the world's pretty bad- glance in a newpaper or the news to see that, but let's not shell out good money to support the kind of sensationalistic and perhaps formulaic titallition that springer seeks to give us.

i love watching jerry as much as the rest of the world, but this poor excuse for a soft-core porno flick is needlessly offensive, lacks anything resembling wit, and serves merely as a vehicle of self-promotion for springer. even though it runs a quick 90 minutes, the film drags hideously, and i should have had the common sense to walk out. simply atrocious.

ringmaster, jerry springer's pathetic excuse for wasting film that should be recycled as toilet paper recently destroyed my confidence in the art of film. first of all, it was made. second of all, people went to see it. third, some people voted it the best movie they have ever seen. if a monkey could make a movie, i'm 100 percent sure that it would be 1 billion times as good. most crappy movies have their moments, (even godzilla had a few cool special effects) this film's moment was when i left the theater nauseated. the only thing that possibly could've made this movie any worse would be if jerry springer was the star. if i want to stare at crap for an hour and a half, i'll take a dump in a can. if anyone didn't utterly despise this movie, i pity you, and your children, and your children's children's children; however, contrary to springer's beliefs, i clearly don't condone children having sex.

please avoid this movie at all costs. this is without a doubt, the worst movie i've ever seen. most movies have at least one redeeming value. this has none. totally horrible!

meaning: if this movie got pitched, scripted, made, released, promoted as something halfway respectable given the constraints (yeah, i know, springer, sex, violence), where is he?reminded me of porn movies i saw in college, plot and dialogue wise.... shoulda just done something for the scurrilous porno market, showed penetration and be done with it-- would have made more money, the ultimate point of this exercise....

lets make a movie about a talk show that already exists and basically have everything that happens on the show! well if that idea doesn't intrigue you, which it shouldn't, stay away from ringmaster. i had the displeasure of seeing this in the theater and actually being able to sit through this mess of a movie. i guess jerry springer doesn't play himself as it shows from the cheap props for his show (yes it looks even cheaper than the real jerry springer show) and he is only known as jerry in the film. the plot (if you can call it that) is about a daughter while living with her mother decides to start sleeping with the mother's live in boyfriend. so the mother's brilliant idea is to call the jerry springer show as well as getting it on with her daughter's boyfriend. (is it any coincidence they live in a trailer park). meanwhile somewhere else in america a woman finds her cheatin' man with her friend in bed together. so of course call america's therapist jerry springer! i'd talk about the rest of the film but even thinking about the film now is giving me a headache. jamie pressly who plays the daughter looks totally unattractive in the movie. and remember michael dudikoff the kick ass karate master from the american ninja series? well take a look at him now as a white trash drunk. the thing is he really looks too horrible and out of shape to call it "getting in touch with his charecter". but if your idea of fun is seeing jerry springer sing a country song about his own show or guys hooking up with transvestites...well...just watch the show instead! ... at least steve was smart enough to stay out of this flick.

the only thing that kept me from vomiting after seeing this movie was the fact that these are just actors and not the freak show that usually appears on the tv show. this is also the main reason that fans of the tv show won't like the movie, but not the only reason. this movie has about as much entertainment value as getting a root canal. it approaches the abyssmal depths of bad movie making, and then gets even worse. i won't waste your time describing this movie in further detail; suffice it to say that i pity the poor camera people who had to suffer through watching this c**p the first time.

somebody could probably make a great documentary about the jerry springer show, but this fictionalized version merely succeeds in draining anything authentic and interesting out of the trash-tv phenomenon. there are dozens of famously bad movies (e.g. "manos: the hands of fate") that show more creativity and spirit than this dreary, witless waste of film.seriously, why not a documentary about the jerry springer show, that would begin to answer some of the real questions like: who are these people? what happens to their lives after they appear on this show? how did the mayor of cincinatti find himself here?one good line: during an "orientation" session for guests: "people, i can't emphasize this enough: no weapons!"

i'm not a regular viewer of springer's, but i do watch his show in glimpses and i think the show is a fine guilty pleasure and a good way to kill some time. so naturally, i'm going to watch this movie expecting to see "jerry springer uncensored." first of all, jerry appears in approximately twenty minutes of the film's running time. the other hour and twenty minutes is spent building up this pseudo-farce about trailer-trash, jealousy, incest and deception. jaime pressley (who looks hot as hellll) is a trailer-trash slut who sleeps with her stepfather (a very unusual-looking, chain-smoking, drunken michael dudikoff who finally strays from his action hero persona). the mom finds out about the affair, they get into a fight, they want to take it to the "jerry" show (that's right, no springer). and then we have a parallel story with an african-american couple. they take it to the "jerry" show. the characters collide. blah, blah, freakin' blah! trash has rarely been this borrringg!!!! i was wondering why the hell springer has millions of fans, yet none of them checked out his movie. well, now it's totally obvious!! whether you love him or hate him, you will hate this movie! how can i explain? it's a total mess of a motion picture (if that's what you call it). it's so badly edited, with scenes that just don't connect, and after a period of time the plot virtually disappears and it's simply all over the map! just imagine a predictable soap opera transformed into a comic farce. with seldom laughs. my only positive note is a hot girl-girl scene. that's as risque as it gets. don't get me wrong, the scene's pretty risque, but if you look at the overall film comparing it to the material on springer's program--this disastrous farce seems extremely sanitized.my score: 3 (out of 10)

this wasn't the major disaster that i was expecting, but that is about as positive as i can be in my description of the movie. i'm not sure what was meant to be funny about this movie, but i suppose it's all a matter of taste. personally, i don't find it funny to watch morons living their idiotic lives or making fools of themselves on television, but then again, i'm not a fan of jerry springer's pathetic daytime talk show. i didn't get too bored watching this, but i was definitely never enjoying it, either. if you're in the mood to see a bad movie, but one that isn't too painful to sit through, this is a good choice.

well, i hate hollywood, but love cinema so i have to watch these cruddy movies in theaters. and, i was hoping vanilla sky would be good. i was hoping that they would either keep the original "open your eyes" exactly the same, or they would make it their own. well, it happened to be a little bit of both, and it sucked.it started out good. i love radiohead. i wish there was more of that. but by the end we are listening to good vibrations by the beach boys. talk about a wide range of suck between. they had one or two good songs in the club and maybe a couple others, but why oh why did they have to blare gv during the climax. it was more annoying than confusing or blatant. especially when it has nothing to do with the plot. at least put some meaning behind the songs. kid a = primary. whatever.he also did a bang up job with the club scene. that was cool. otherwise the movie was one big ball of arrogance. as if audiences would get the movie. the ones that would get it read subtitles, and the rest won't. its as simple as that. the motivations got all screwed up. i didn't comprehend the diaz motivations (hadn't they done the chicken soup night before?) and some of the others. and i hate kurt russell. stay overboard. tom cruise can't act (especially in these types of movie [i.e. eyes wide shut]). and the elevator. i get it. anyways they tried improving the original with a crappy american rock soundtrack and crappy angles and good film print and glossy processing and it would have helped if crowe hadn't screwed it up.2/10 major disappointment.

a remake of alejandro amenabar's abre los ojos, but this time with a living, breathing mask as a lead. for the dubious advantage of an english sound track, we endure tom cruise's soulless performance, as usual, with zero depth. yes, the character is identified with his persona, but we usually are given some character underneath that to hold our interest. his empty posturing negates any erotic energy that could have been between his character and cruz or diaz.there is an acting exercise that involves using masks to free the actor to enrich his presentation of character by verbal and body language means. cruise's masking only painfully emphasizes his inadequacy as an actor. do see the 1997 original amenabar open your eyes!

class of '61 aspect ratio: 1.33:1sound format: stereoin 1861, class members from the west point academy are torn apart by the outbreak of the civil war.gregory hoblit's ok historical drama makes an obvious point - virtuous men are rendered blind by conflict - though the production seems a little stilted, despite authentic period detail and a cast of talented newcomers (clive owen, christien anholt, josh lucas, andre braugher, laura linney, etc.), toplined by dan futterman as a conscientious southerner who takes up arms in defence of slavery, pitting him in direct conflict with his former northern friends. the movie's emphasis on such a misguided - though sympathetic - character is particularly brave, but the drama is otherwise flat and superficial, and hoblit's direction is efficient rather than inspired.

'the vampire bat' is definitely of interest, being one of the early genre-setting horror films of the 1930's, but taken in isolation everything is a bit too creaky for any genuine praise.the film is set in a european village sometime in the 19th century, where a series of murders are being attributed to vampirism by the suspicious locals. there is a very similar feel to james whale's 'frankenstein' and this is compounded by the introduction of lionel atwill's dr niemann character, complete with his misguided ideas for scientific advancement.the vampire theme is arbitrary and only used as a red-herring by having suspicion fall on bat-loving village simpleton herman (dwight frye), thus providing the excuse for a torch-wielding mob to go on the rampage - as if they needed one.this is one of a trio of early horror films in which lional atwill and fay wray co-starred (also 'doctor x' and 'the mystery of the wax museum') and like their other collaborations the film suffers from ill-advised comic relief and a tendency to stray from horror to mainstream thriller elements. taken in context though, 'the vampire bat' is still weak and derivative.all we are left with is a poor-quality frankenstein imitation, with the vampire elements purely a device to hoodwink dracula fans. but for the title the film would struggle to even be considered as a horror and it is worth noting that director frank strayer was doing the 'blondie' films a few years later.

the vampire bat is set in the small german village of klineschloss where gustave schoen (lionel belmore) the burgermeister is holding a meeting with inspector karl brettschneider (melvyn douglas) from the local constabulary about all the recent murders, six victims have been discovered in as many weeks all drained of blood & bearing the same two puncture wounds on their necks. brettschneider doesn't have a single clue but the superstitious elders of the village believe the deaths to be the work of a vampire. brettschneider isn't convinced but the scared villagers keep telling tales of seeing a large bat, meanwhile the latest victim martha mueller (rita carlyle) has been found. brettschneider comes under increasing pressure to solve the murders but can he really believe that a giant vampire bat is responsible & if it is how's he going to stop it?directed by frank r. strayer the vampire bat was a cheapie from majestic pictures to cash in on the success of it's two stars atwill & wray & their success in the previous years doctor x (1932) & is more of a murder mystery rather than a horror as the exploitative & enticing title may have lead you to believe & quite frankly it's rather dull. the script by edward t. lowe jr. takes itself rather seriously & sets up the basic story that something is killing local villagers & that something could possibly be a vampire, then for most of it's duration the film focuses on brettschneider & his incompetent investigations which are, not to put too fine a point on it, boring. the vampire bat also has a bit of an identity crisis as it doesn't quite know what it wants to be, the title would suggest a horror film while the majority of it could easily be described as a thriller with the final few minutes descending into silly sci-fi. there is no vampire bat, the attempts to fool you are pathetic, all the character's are broad stereotypes & you can tell the villain of the piece straight away & as a whole there is nothing particularly exciting or entertaining about the vampire bat. i know it's old but that's not an excuse as cinema has moved on a lot since 1933 & a bland, flat, dull, boring & misleading film such as the vampire bat just doesn't cut it these days, just look at the original king kong (1933) released the same year & how brilliantly that still holds up today. i didn't like it & i doubt many modern film-goers would either, it's as simple & straight forward as that.director strayer doesn't do anything special but this is a case in point where i can cut the film some slack because of it's age, as a whole it's pretty much point, shoot & hope for the best stuff. there isn't much in the way of atmosphere or scares although some of the sets which were already existing ones taken from the old dark house (1932) & universal's european set on their back-lot are nice & add a certain ambiance to things.technically the vampire bat can't compare to anything even remotely modern, for the age of it it's alright i suppose but again i draw your attention back to the original king kong. speaking of king kong it's star fay wray has a role in this as does horror icon lionel atwill, i'll be kind & say the acting is ok.the vampire bat will i imagine fool a lot of people into thinking that it's a horror film about vampire bats when in fact it isn't, personally i thought the whole thing was a bit of a bore. it's short & it tells it's story reasonably enough but i must admit i'm not a fan.

boy what a dud this mess was.but it only lasts an hour and i only paid a buck for it so i'll live....unlike the entire cast of this 1933 clunker who are all dust by now.so anyway a small village starts having bodies turning up that have been drained of all their blood.the local yokels start talking about vampires ,of course,and a little more loudly after each body is found.the town sheriff or constable or whatever he is,played by awesome actor melvyn douglas,tries to tell them otherwise.when he mentions the fact that the dead have one large hole on each side of the neck,instead of two holes close together, the locals simply then say it's a giant vampire bat.the constable insists that vampires do not exist and it must be a human culprit doing the killings.but melvyn doesn't seem too bothered either way.he spends most of his time trying to get into the pantaloons of his sweetie,played by faye wray.also in this mix is the town simpleton,played by dwight frye,who always seemed to have played the same role in every movie he did.he further freaks out the townspeople by catching bats and drinking his own blood.lionel atwill plays the town doctor who seemingly is trying to help the constable solve the crimes.and boy does he ever stink as an actor.atwill is as close to cardboard in this role as he could get.and lionel barrymore is also in this thing....lots of big names to be such a pile of guano.other than the terrible mis-title this movie has,the alternate name,"the blood sucker" is much better,this movie is also dull and plodding and just silly.for me the high point of the movie is watching frye,he nails the freaky town weirdo but other than him this movie didn't offer much.and then when you find out the reason for the strange deaths and see the special effect thing that required all this blood you'll really be let down.bela lugosi did a lot of awful pictures but at least he was fun and interesting to watch.think of this movie as a really bad lugosi clunker without lugosi and you'll get a feel for how miserably bad this mess was.if you can't make a good 1930's horror film at least put lugosi in it.

it's the nature of businesses to try to capitalize on others' success. here we have a movie taking elements from the earlier 'dracula' (1931) and 'frankenstein' (1931) -- in a germanic town the village leaders believe that vampires (in the shape of bats) have been the cause of recent deaths of bloodless victims. even though shot at universal (and at the bronson caves!) it's a poverty row feature; it's not fair to compare it with those earlier, more expensively made and superior films.from the familiar and exciting, chilling music of the main titles (which must have been by mischa bakalienikoff), through the talky but well done opening sequence, we anticipate the arrival of lionel atwill, fay wray and dwight frye to give us a good 30s mystery film. unfortunately, it doesn't happen. that's the disappointment.we get little more than the formulaic elements of such films but with slow pacing, low budget, not enough of dwight frye, the overdone presence of maude eburne (aunt gussie), and the premise for lionel atwill (dr. von niemann) to require human blood or how he exhibits mind control over his servant emil (robert frazier) never made very clear.do not watch the technicolor 'dr. x' (1932) -- which also stars lionel atwill and fay wray but as father and daughter -- before watching this the way i did; it's an oscar winner by comparison. so watch this one first. structurally, 'the vampire bat' still isn't that good. it plods along with too much talking or unnecessary comic relief, without focusing strongly on the vampiric villainy.besides 'dr. x' and 'mystery of the wax museum' (both 1932 and co starring fay wray), lionel atwill's most famous appearances are as the one armed gendarme in 'son of frankenstein' (1939) and as moriarity in 'sherlock holmes and the secret weapon' (1943). dwight frye steals all his manic scenes in 'dracula' (1931). as the 'young lovers,' melvin douglas and fay wray have a nice kissing scene, but that's about it. he can be seen in 'the old dark house' (1932), and fay gets dragged around by joel mccrea in 'the most dangerous game' (1930). then there's her 1933 classic 'screamer.' too bad more time, money and rewrites weren't available for this film to better showcase the talents and chemistry of lionel atwill, fay wray and dwight frye. sadly, then, this drearily disappointing film only gets a 4.

think "stage play". this is worth seeing once for the performances of lionel atwill and dwight frye. compare the melvyn douglas in "ghost story" with the melvyn douglas of this film. are there vampires at loose in this 'bavarian' village, or is there a more natural, albeit equally sinister, explanation? dwight frye is herman, a red herring, who is cast as an especially moronic character. it's fun to look at his different facial expressions in what is really a stock character. not much happens for a long time, but then we discover that atwill's pipe smoking doctor is the real murderer. there is too much 'comic relief' but that is par for the course for this era. fay wray looks really good.

"when a small bavarian village is beset with a string of mysterious deaths, the local (magistrate) demands answers into (sic) the attacks. while the police detective refuses to believe the nonsense about vampires returning to the village, the local doctor treating the victims begins to suspect the truth about the crimes," according to the dvd sleeve's synopsis.an inappropriately titled, dramatically unsatisfying, vampire mystery.curiously, the film's second tier easily out-perform the film's lackluster stars: stoic lionel atwill (as otto von niemann), skeptical melvyn douglas (as karl brettschneider), and pretty fay wray (as ruth bertin). the much more enjoyable supporting cast includes bat-crazy dwight frye (as herman), hypochondriac maude eburne (as aunt gussie schnappmann), and suspicious george e. stone (as kringen). mr. frye, ms. eburne, and mr. stone outperform admirably. is there another movie ending with a mad rush to the bathroom? magnesium sulfate… epsom salts… it's a laxative! **** the vampire bat (1933) frank strayer ~ dwight frye, melvyn douglas, maude eburne

and the oscar for the most under-rated classic horror actor goes to - dwight frye. seriously his name should be stated with the same awe as karloff, lugosi, and price, and this movie proves it. his character herman was one of the 2 reasons i can give to watch this movie. dwight gave this somewhat more than slightly disturbed misfit a lovable yet creepy demeanor that led you hoping for a larger role the entire movie.the other reason is the comic relief of m. eburne. being in the medical profession myself i have to give kudos to the expert performance of a self-pity prone hypochondriac. though other "medical mistakes" did give a brief chuckle especially when the good doctor samples his fellow physicians medication... "well continue giving it to her" unfortunately these 2 outstanding performances could not keep me awake through 3 attempts of sitting through this unbearably slow movie. the plot is predictable with only few minor twists. the filming while pulling off a legitimate spooky atmosphere was more productive at making me yawn - yes you can use too much shadow.my recommendation - watch this once to see frye and eburne - but only when wide awake and with lots of caffeine.

now, i won't deny that when i purchased this off ebay, i had high expectations. this was an incredible out-of-print work from the master of comedy that i so enjoy. however, i was soon to be disappointed. apologies to those who enjoyed it, but i just found the compleat al to be very difficult to watch. i got a few smiles, sure, but the majority of the funny came from the music videos (which i've got on dvd) and the rest was basically filler. you could tell that this was not al's greatest video achievement (that honor goes to uhf). honestly, i doubt if this will ever make the jump to dvd, so if you're an ultra-hardcore al fan and just have to own everything, buy the tape off ebay. just don't pay too much for it.

well that's 90 minutes of my life i won't get back. this movie makes teen tv show "california dreams" look like "almost famous". the acting was horrid and storyline unrealistic. don't even get me started on the actual band at the forefront of this story, lame songs, look etc.. you had to believe that they were one of the hottest bands in the country, and there isn't enough irony in the world to accept that one. the guitarist is seen to be a heroin user, not that i blame him, if i was around such a putrid band with stale songs and wooden acting i'd be injecting the horse too.if you take music remotely seriously, avoid this at all costs.

when setting out this film, director mary harron seemingly had the goal of clearly documenting the progress of bettie page's career, from early modelling days to leaving modelling to go back home after the senate hearings on juvenile delinquency and her religious rediscovery in the 50s, and so intent is she to get all of these facts on screen in the time allowed she seems to have missed out on taking any time to explain anything in depth.when you think of someone who had page's career you'd think that there would be plenty to discuss, her reasons, decisions, life event, personal traumas, but harron avoids any kind of personal exploration of the character. in the first fifteen minutes or so of the film there are brief hints of child abuse, domestic violence and a gang rape, but these are all rushed past and then never referred to again. you get the impression that harron and guinevere turner (co-writer) wanted to gloss over anything that wasn't glamorous and flattering. you go into this film expecting to gain an insight into who the person behind the posters was, but all you are given is a list of things that she did and recreations of some of her most famous photo shoots.all in all the film really frustrates you as you watch, desperately waiting for some extra layer to reveal itself. how did she balance her religion with her job? what made this young tennessee girl move from modelling into bondage photography. the film simply shows her going to another modelling agency and putting on whatever she's told, but surely it would have involved some shock and deliberation, this was after all the 50s.it seems to me that harron is trying to make a point about how tame all this is by today's standards (page never took any photos of explicit sexual actions) and how the reaction some gave this kind of thing was really overzealous and although this is true, she never actually makes it seem sordid in the eyes of others. today we look at a young girl posing topless and think nothing off it, but we should have got some sort of feeling about how shocking it would have been to a contemporary audience. this woman was a central part of a senate hearing on juvenile delinquency, but no one is ever really shown as shocked.basically i left this film just thinking how tame it was. harron and turner have managed to avoid anything that might be unpleasant to a viewer. they come across as two lifelong fans of miss page and are desperate to make sure that nothing, absolutely nothing, could possibly put a bad light on their heroine, and have therefore avoided any in depth probing into who she really was. (before and after her career there are reports of her violent nature and mental problems) and all that's left is the string of events that made up her career, without any substance whatsoever behind it.

i have only seen gretchen mol in two other films (girl 6, donnie brasco), and don't really remember her, but she did a great job as a naive girl who posed for pictures because it made people happy.she really didn't think what she was doing was wrong, even when she left the business and found her religion again.the photos she made were certainly tame by today's standards, and it is funny seeing men with cameras get all excited, and politicians pontificating on the evils of pornography. david strathairn (good night, and good luck) played a super part here.mary harron (american psycho) wrote and directed an outstanding biopic of the most famous pinup girl ever.

who is bettie page? i certainly didn't find out while watching this movie. from what i have gathered from other sources, ms. page was highly in demand in the post-world war ii period as the queen of "naughty" pictures and that is exactly what this film depicts. i never did get to know bettie, the woman, though. her childhood in tennessee was a combination of an evangelical christian upbringing and a sordid home life which is only hinted at. the film glosses over her personal life and gets right down to the purpose of the film, the "naughty" pictures. characters are introduced and abandoned within a few frames but there is frame after frame of bettie in her pointy bras, bettie in her girdle and stockings, bettie in bondage...etc. the movie slides from black and white to color every time ms. page visits miami beach. then back to her shades of gray life in new york we go. gretchen mol portrays bettie as one of the most dimwitted young ladies you could ever meet. when bettie confides to a friend that she missed being her high school valedictorian by getting an a- rather than an a one can only assume that there were only two students in her senior class. the most interesting part of this movie is how quaint ms. page's "naughty" photos seem in 2007. it is truly sad that seeing a woman trussed up like a pig on a spit wouldn't even get a hit on my space or you tube. i'm not sure if this movie was written poorly or if some crazed editor cut the thing to shreds. i would only recommend it as a source for persons studying the history of odd undergarments.

sadly, marry harron decided to do a fictional account of bettie page's life to go along with her own issues with men. as typical in all her work, every major male character is portrayed as weak, bumbling, or twisted. to add to her fiction, she projects ideas and issues that are not true, according to bettie page herself. bettie did not leave the biz because she thought it was morally wrong or had religious issues (though she became a born-again later in life, through the influence of her 3rd husband- a minister). she left it, because she was in her late 30's, her acting career had gone nowhere and she felt she was losing her looks. the hints of molestation and rape are unvalidated and denied in bettie's own words and are the director's attempts to claim that any woman who did what bettie did must have been victimized by men. harron fails to point out that bettie designed her own clothes in almost all her shoots (not handed to her by "sick" fetishists). harron also fails to make a point that bunny yeager, who did many famous photo shoots of bettie, also did many "naughty" shoots with bettie and was not the morally upright professional photographer portrayed in the film.the only saving grace is gretchen mol looks very much like bettie. otherwise, there are other movies and documentaries more accurate and honest to her life and the people in it.

the ultimate goal of big brother, that we know what to think before we think it, has been realized. is it some kind of miracle, or sinister joke, that people don mental straight jackets of their own volition, twist themselves into contorted shapes, and grin like apes? movies, art, no longer risk the unknown, but are forgone conclusions, drained of life."the notorious bettie page" is a bland case history, fit for a freshman college feminism course. its lesson is schematic, right-angled and linear: "see how women are objectified, exploited, abused, then tossed on the trash heap, by a male-dominated society."bettie page, supposedly, was the "pin-up queen of the 1950's," the ass millions of men ejaculated to. (all reviewers repeat that phrase, "pin-up queen of the 1950's," like a choir of monkeys.) her history as an american sex bomb is familiar: southern, abused by her father, raped, etc. in this movie she is a naïf, an innocent unaware of the prurient interests she serves and shamelessly profits from. although she believes in jesus, she enjoys frolicking nude before a camera lens -- just the wholesome girl-next-door sex-slave american males supposedly fantasize.from the mouth of writer-director mary harron herself, oxford-educated and ex-punker (do you smell the combined rot of privilege and "hipness" as i do?): "i feel that without feminism, i wouldn't be doing this. ... i don't make feminist films in the sense that i don't make anything ideological. but i do find that women get my films better." what a cozy clique.the movie merely goes through the motions of telling the story of a human life, it's subject and purpose having been eulogized and interred well before the movie began. ms. page has a boyfriend, but we are shown next to nothing about their relationship. in fact, there are no intimate or detailed relationships in the film. one can't ignore its smug simplicity. in new york, where ms. page tries her best to fit into and appease a man's world, letting herself be tied up in the ropes of bondage and tightly laced into the black leather boots and bodices of s & m, the movie is black and white. but down in miami, where she goes to get away from it all, gleefully takes off her clothes, and is photographed by a "liberated" female, the movie turns into color.like hell harron doesn't "make feminist films," doesn't "make anything ideological." ideology has become so internalized, so assumed, so programmed, that it's almost invisible. big brother must be smiling.

here we have a movie which fails in pretty much every way it is possible for a movie to fail. terrible script, lousy acting, amateurish directing, laughable special effects...it's just an utterly awful movie. not to mention the fact that when you get to the end you'll realize the whole thing doesn't make a lick of sense. after spending the whole movie wondering what in the world is going on here when things are finally explained you realize the story has been built on a foundation which is ludicrously impossible. in one of those hideous "villain explains the whole movie" sequences we are told that our villain has done something which quite simply can't be done and which makes absolutely no sense whatsoever. oh, and after that we see that there also appears to be some kind of jell-o monster involved. i'm sure drew barrymore would very much like to pretend this movie never happened. if for some ungodly reason you are ever tempted to sit down and watch this movie may i suggest instead taking that time to bang your head against a wall for 104 minutes. that would prove to be a much more pleasurable experience than sitting through this garbage.

i have just watched the movie for the first time. i wanted to watch it as i like drew barrymore and wanted to see one of her early movies. the movie is about a girl (played by young and beautiful drew barrymore), who moves from nyc to la in order to get over her recently troubled loss. short after moving to a guy who falls in love with her, it becomes obvious that she has an evil twin=doppelganger, who haunts her.the movie is quite poor and lousy. both the dialogs and the acting make the film not really worth seeing it. summing up it is just something for the fans of drew barrymore.

trying to conceive of something as insipid as the sentinel would be pretty difficult. the problems are many. the result is terrible and loaded with plot holes.michael douglas stars as pete garrison, a secret service agent who "took one" for reagan during the attempt on his life. years later we find pete assigned to the whitehouse family, mainly as a guard for the first lady (kim basinger, l.a. confidential). troubles arise as we see pete's close involvement with the first lady, and a sudden threat against the president himself (david rasche, united 93). when pete fails a polygraph test, he's singled out as a disgruntled agent by investigator david breckinridge (kiefer sutherland, 24 tv series).as the presidential assassination plot unfolds, pete finds himself on the run from his own people. his only confidant is the first lady, and she's reluctant to tell anyone about their affections for one another (which is why pete failed the polygraph in the first place). but is pete really innocent? or is he simply trying to buy time until he can kill the president? if he is innocent, how can he help prevent the assassination attempt while running from the secret service? the one, big, overwhelming problem with this film is that there's no justification for the reason behind the presidential threat. isn't that what the movie's supposed to be about? one would think so! but the audience is never let in on why the assassin(s) want to kill the prez. hmm. someone forget to put that in the script somewhere? and what's with david breckinridge's (kiefer's) new partner, jill marin (eva longoria, carlita's way)? seems that she was put in the film strictly as a piece of a$$-candy. what was her purpose again? did she do anything other than look nice in tight pants and a low-cut blouse?there are so many problems with the basic premise of the sentinel as to be laughable. the action is too easily stymied by the "what the...?" responses sure to be uttered by those unfortunate enough to watch the movie.

almost every plot detail in this movie is illogical and implausible. it carries no semblance of a genuine human story, dead and dull. it is a parody of hollywood, with trumpet musical bits that remind you of a denzel washington movie, wobbly camera shots and focusing, racist stereotypes, absolutely unnecessary and comical shots and gestures of famous people in clothing catalogue poses. it is made to cater for the multitude of zombies whose meaning in life derives from watching celebrity names. the only good thing in the movie is the end credits and funky song that accompanies it. i feel like an idiot for watching this, save yourself.

slow, slow, slow... there is no mystery or excitement in this film. if you don't figure out who the "mole" is in the first ten minutes you must be brain dead. the secret service must have been too, because it took them the whole film to put it together. there are no compelling characters in the movie (not film). the pace of the movie is slow there is no tension. the hired killer is an excellent shot unless he is aiming at michael douglas than all he seems to be able to hit is large panes of glass. the funniest scene in the movie is when the presidents wife says the code word at the anticlimactic ending. it is laugh out loud ridiculous. at least six people got up and left the movie early. i would have joined them if i were not sitting in the middle of the row. i would not recommend this film to anyone.

this, for lack of a better term, movie is lousy. where do i start......cinemaphotography - this was, perhaps, the worst i've seen this year. it looked like the camera was being tossed from camera man to camera man. maybe they only had one camera. it gives you the sensation of being a volleyball.there are a bunch of scenes, haphazardly, thrown in with no continuity at all. when they did the 'split screen', it was absurd. everything was squished flat, it looked ridiculous.the color tones were way off. these people need to learn how to balance a camera. this 'movie' is poorly made, and poorly done.the plot - you got to be kidding. if i was an ss agent, i'd sue the producers. looked like the marks brothers with radios and guns. sutherland was in his '24' mode - i can see this for free. eva longoria would have been better with a little less on, and a lot more showing. as an action bimbo she wasn't much.i couldn't see a real plot, other than douglas boinking the presidents wife. never did say why the mercenaries were trying to kill the pres. i just don't see the president of the united states running for his life in the utility tunnels of a building, like a rat in a maze. p-l-e-a-s-e.hollywood is dead. this movie is the proof. i like 'the big screen'. have since i was a kid. many more 'movies' like this and i'll quit going. whats the matter hollywood, made so many chick flicks, forget how to make a real movie? if i owned a theater, i'd start running the old movies. the one with real actors, good story lines - and good cinemaphotography.this 'movie' is a dog. don't waste your time or money on it. i rate this 'movie' a zero! douglas isn't suited for this role. i can over look his age, but his just is to much of a wimp to carry this off.

the sentinel represents everything about the soul-lessness of hollywood and the saddening lack of imagination present in so many movies these days. i cannot possibly think of one good thing about it, it's all so generic, so factory-made and so lazy assembled that it really only exists as an infomercial on how to make money from the unsuspecting, undeserving public.a plot about a secret service agent planning to assassinate the prez could well be entertaining. if handled by a good director or caring cast that is. douglas is the one who is framed. basinger is the first lady, with whom he is having an affair (an undeveloped, unresolved plot contrivance). sutherland is the best pal who believes his guilty because there would be no movie if he didn't. and longoria is nothing. a woman with a fortune of maybelline and...that's it. i guess there are less requirements for women when entering the secret service. as usual in a film like this the role of the prez himself is nothing more than a tool, a token and is very badly written.clark johnson's, he who gave us the equally as pathetic swat back in 2003, mechanical direction lacks any kind of signature and has all the visual sophistication of a cheap tv-movie. douglas, basinger and sutherland look incredibly bored and phone-in their performances from afar. eva longoria, the most over-exposed woman of the 21st century, is basically only in this to attract to the desperate housewives audience. her role is 100% pointless and she does absolutely nothing to further the plot or add to character development. she barely has 2 lines to rub together. a truly shameless marketing ploy.if you're a glutton for punishment then don't let me stop you. but it is time and money you won't be getting back.

the final pairing of nelson eddy and jeanette macdonald is basically a complete misfire.the script is weak and has been presented badly.the film just has no life in it.eddy and macdonald would have been better off just making a filmed concert for their final pairing.there's nothing wrong with their singing,its just everything else in this turkey thats overcooked.

***this post contains spoiler(s)*** i'm not a big fan of chuck norris as an actor, but i worship him in all other ways. he also have his own fan web site with "chuck norris facts" that is really entertaining. but this movie looks like someone was joking with the audience putting all those "facts" into one movie. i really don't remember when i wasted my time more than with this "action". i don't know what's the worst this movie can offer you: unoriginal and thousand-times-made plot of terrorists who are trying to nuke us by smuggling nuke on us soil or perhaps that "great" dialogs and chucks words of wisdom about life and everything else. someone may find the worst that terrorists actually speak english in everyday life. it's a never ending list of crap. not to mention huge amount of archive footage used in film, that is kinda annoying. the chief terrorist send his comrades message through the media when he is captured and the only guy smart enough to see the treat is: chuck norris, of course. no one else in america is not smart enough to see that! and the whole action in capturing chief is just ridiculous. one man is sent to walk through a whole terrorist camp unarmed (i'm lying, he had a knife), escapes his stalkers with jet pack and then para glides for few hundred, maybe even thousand kilometers to nearest shore (afganistan border is 450 km far away from nearest shore), where he is rescued by submarine. i hoped that at least fighting scenes will be good, but that's even more funny than the plot. if you didn't know, 85% of terrorist are masters of some martial art, but chuck and co beat the sh*t out of them. not only they kill them easily, they can kick and throw them away by a single move and the bad guys fly few meters like dolls. you may ask me did i watch this movie to the end? i did. why? because i just wanted to see who, of these two super heroes, will defuse the nuclear bomb of few hundred megatons and size of a microwave. and then i realized what fool i am. of course, it's chuck's movie after all. and not only he singlehandedly defuse nuke with tweezers, but he do it - twice!! i could write a book about all the stupid things in this movie, but i would spend my life spawn.so, makers of this movie made another chuck norris fact to be added on his web site: can chuck norris defuse nuclear bomb? yes and he can do it twice!

ok, so, chuck norris somehow found a way to get this sequel produced. i have one question-why? who read this script and said, "sound's great! original!" this movie is regurgitated crap that i wouldn't tarnish my toilet bowel with. of course it is another story, following in the tradition of mia, invasion usa, walker, texas ranger, delta force and so on in which chuck norris, of course, is the one man who can same america from some bad guys. he doesn't even need a gun most times. it's stupid patriotic jargon that stales the mind. big surprise that the only one who will direct these norris film's is chuck's son eric. eric norris has primarily worked on all his father's films and tv shows. doesn't this strike anyone as a sign that he has no directing talent? afterall, he's directing the same people as before in the same stories as before...only difference is the characters' names. if this is supposed to make me patriotic and cheer for the usa, than our country is in much worse shape than i ever imagined. hopefully, this will be the nail in chuck norris's acting coffin.

i saw this movie the first time at about twelve o'clock on a saturday evening. it really is the perfect time for this one. i have never, ever seen a movie that was actually more predictable and drenched with stereotypes. if you want to see a thrilling action movie, don't watch it because you might lose the will to live halfway through. however, if you want a good laugh, please watch it! i even bought the chuck norris 3dvd collection thanks to my enjoyable saturday night. what especially struck me is that évery scene that would be expensive to make was copy-pasted from a discovery documentary or an old tv-special on the us army. furthermore i was amazed by the fact that they didn't put the slightest effort in making the production look real. afghanistan is, as far as i can remember, nowhere near any sea and yet with a single click deke escapes from the terrorists sand-castle with his jet-pack and is taken away by a submarine (probably discovery). later on in the movie, deke throws an islam terrorist against the wall. in the slow motion scene you can beautifully see the long hairs of the korean stuntman flap in the air when smashed against the wall. gotta love it. i recommend you watch it with some friends and a good amount of beer though, only then you'll understand why i've been mad enough to spend 6,99 euro's on the box.

star rating: ***** the works **** just misses the mark *** that little bit in between ** lagging behind * the pits some plutonium's gone missing and some very nasty people now have the means to develop a bomb capable of wholesale destruction- so josh mccord (chuck norris) and his cocky young protégé deke (judson mills, a different actor from the previous film) with the assistance of josh's adopted daughter que (jennifer tung) set out to stop them.this was another film that dealt with terrorism a year after the events of 9/11. filmed in 2001, norris himself even commented afterwards how eerily the plot line to the film resembled what happened in downtown new york that day, so there'd have been those that would have been in the mood for a film where norris and his side-kick kick some terrorist ass if nothing else. other than that, it's as interchangeable as anything norris has ever been in. it makes you wonder what the original did to warrant a sequel in the first place, and whether if this one could get made a president's man 3 might come out sometime soon.if you've seen one norris film, you've really seen them all and there's really nothing new or unexpected that happens with this one, but at least you know what you're getting and, like i said, it might have been just what some needed to let off some steam. **

oh dear, oh dear. i started watching this not knowing what to expect. i couldn't believe what i was seeing. there were times when i thought it was a comedy. i loved how the government's plan to capture the terrorist leader is to air drop in one man, who is unarmed, and expect him to capture him and escape with a rocket pack. if only it were really that easy. i've finally found a movie worse than "plan 9 from outer space".

this is a typical 70's soft core sex romp in the russ meyer genre, though perhaps less outlandish than some of meyer's work. this film has higher 'production values' than many of it's contemporaries, suggesting a larger budget. it's plot, writing and acting are straight out the b zone, though. of late, this film has become a mainstay of b movie channels (such as "drive in classics") in the 500 channel universe. if soft core is what you are in the mood for, this is as "good" as anything else in the b range. don't expect polanski though, sarno is just sarno. nothing more, nothing less. jennifer welles performance as the "mother" is perhaps the best of the cast. none of the actors in the film went on to greater fame, unsurprisingly. confessions of a young american housewife is far from the worst example of it's kind. it is watchable, if this is your type of film. 30 years ago, this would have been an avant garde and riske film. you can see more or less the same kind of thing on showtime/hbo series these days, and in prime time.

you can never have seen either film and still know that the jerk too is a disaster. the question is not, "how did it get made," because if you throw money at anyone and tell them to make a film, they will do so.no. the question is "why, oh why, did steve martin allow it to be made?" i think he needed the money to fight a nuisance lawsuit and was determined it not cost him anything. he knew the sequel was going to be so frightful, that out of pride, he wouldn't even count it's royalties as income. the only way this sequel could not be an embarrassment is to have had carl gottlieb and steve martin revive the nation's favorite poor black family.and "dcreasy2001" (aka mark blankfield?): it's just transparently obvious that you worked on this film in some sad capacity, and the only way you can feel better about your involvement is to be the sequel's lone cheerleader as an imdb user comment. i was praying for you to veer over into satire, but alas, you were really making an effort at spin. why not 10 stars?

i'm going to spend as much time on this review as the writers did on the script. this is easily the worst sequel ever made.they killed navin johnson. not only was mark blankfield's performance god-awful, so was everyone elses!! the physical comedy was forced, flat and predictable. the script seemed to have been written by mongoloid monkeys using the pen names ziggy steinberg and rocco urbisci. how the producers managed to squeeze out such vile cinematic excrement is beyond me. they even managed to make veteran actor ray walston look like a talent-less buffoon. director michael schultz should be ashamed of himself.i want the 96 minutes of my life i spent watching this befouled memory of a brilliant comedy back so i can try and convict everyone involved for this cinematic atrocity.

being a fan of the manga and anime of go nagai (devil man, devil lady, violence jack, etc.), i was looking forward to this one. i'd seen neither the manga nor the anime, so i had no preconceived notions going in. good thing, too. what we have here is a series of silly softcore movies of the type that used to turn up with alarming regularity on cable channels late at night. while it's tame compared to what gets rammed down the throats of regular cable viewers (our hero's naughty bits are either tastefully tucked away behind a strategically glued-on scarf or emblazoned with a ridiculous sunburst effect), there are prolonged scenes of bondage and torture that lend the proceedings just enough smarminess to make it unsuitable for the kiddies. while i have nothing whatsoever against nude female heroes, i do dislike amateurishly made movies (there are at least four in this series). on the plus side, there's at least one stunningly beautiful actress in each of the four episodes i saw. it's no wonder nagai's testicle boy never made it...

this must have been an embarrassment to every member of the entirely african-american cast. every derogatory, disparaging stereotype of the black american community is featured prominently. i won't reinforce the insults by listing them here, except to mention chickens, watermelons, and dice.one good song by ethel waters (and a couple of bad ones), and the fantastic singing and dancing talents of 8-year-old sammy davis bring the total up to something below 1 on the imdb scale.

well, if it weren't for ethel waters and a 7-year-old sammy davis, jr. (here billed without the jr.), rufus jones for president would be one of the worst representations of african-american stereotypes i've seen from the early talkie era and wouldn't have been worth seeing because of that. ms. waters is excellent here singing "am i blue?" and "underneath our harlem moon" while mr. davis shows us how his childhood experience in showbiz prepared him for his superstar status as an adult. he's so good tap-dancing here that for awhile i thought he was a little person with decades of experience. so if you're willing to ignore the negative connotations here, rufus jones for president should provide some good enjoyment. p.s. this marks the fourth time today i've seen and heard the song, "i'll be glad when you're dead you rascal you" performed on film, this time by davis. must have been a very popular song about this time.

i got a copy from the writer of this movie on soulseek. i have to say it is pathetic and just plain painful to watch the two cops act, but i watched the movie as a joke and since it is a homage to august's underground which i happened to have seen it is in my book as an awesome movie. its quality and everything about it is pretty bad but its entertaining and something to talk about amongst your friends. reminds me of troma but good stuff. i recommend seeing this under two conditions, if you are bored and need a good laugh, or high, otherwise just let it be. recommended download for sure. o and the killings are pretty funny. like when the zombie rips the satan worshipers dick off and stabs someone in the head with it.

a bloody maniac with cannibalistic tendencies rapes a woman. he's been shot by two policemen and then he is risen from the grave because of some sort of satanic ceremonial rite preformed by an evil heresy. the hunting of women continues by this zombie-demon. the sacrificed baby returns from the grave and wants the maniac dead again, but only with the help of the police this will come true...a bloody 65-minute mess...horny zombies, doll-babies, s&m, corrupted and twisted policemen, repented heretics who seek refuge in front of jesus christ and three text-screens at the end of the film explaining us what finally happened to the policeman who survived (yes, we ought to know!)... two decent disemboweling shots can't save the situation. i've seen worst horror-flicks, but this one was pretty bad too. recommended only for the die-very-hard fans of the genre.

chris rock deserves better than he gives himself in "down to earth." as directed by brothers chris & paul weitz of "american pie" fame, this uninspired remake of warren beatty's 1978 fantasy "heaven can wait," itself a rehash of 1941's "here comes mr. jordan," lacks the abrasively profane humor that won chris rock an emmy for his first hbo special. predictably, he spouts swear words from a to z, but he consciously avoids the f-word. anybody who saw this gifted african-american comic in "lethal weapon 4," "dogma," or "nurse betty" knows he can elicit more laughter with the f-word than martin lawrence and eddie murphy put together. sadly, despite a few witty one-liners, "down to earth" hits rock bottom both as a contrived comedy and an improbable interracial romance."down to earth" utterly destroys any good will that the weitz brothers generated with their landmark gross-out face "american pie." this disposable drivel qualifies as a contrived as well as confusing comedy with a thoroughly improbable color-blind interracial romance. unfortunately, a more than competent cast—among them "the full monty's" mark addy, chazz palminteri of "analyze this," "sctv's" eugene levy, and newcomer brian rhodes as charles wellington, jr.—are wasted in flat-footed, sketchy roles. hardcore rock fans will undoubtedly accuse their favorite comedian with trying to fix something that was never broken. abysmally written by lance crouther, ali le roi, louis ck, and rock, "down to earth" casts chris as a messenger who rides a bike by day in the big apple and gets booed off the stage at night in harlem's celebrated apollo theatre. poor lance barton (chris rock) suffers from severe stage fright. nevertheless, his charitable manager whitney daniels (frankie faison of "hannibal") sticks with him through thick and thin. after lance learns the apollo theatre will hold one final amateur night extravaganza, he implores whitney to get him in the line-up. excuse me, but if lance is such a deadbeat stand-up comic, why does the apollo keep inviting him back? meanwhile, fate has something else in store for lance. while pedaling home on his bike, our protagonist spots a pretty lady, sontee (regina king of "jerry maguire"), crossing the street, but he doesn't see the bus that collides with him and kills him. wham! lance barton levitates skyward with a halo wreathed around his head. in heaven, which resembles a cruise ship nightclub, lance learns that an overzealous angel, mr. keyes (eugene levy of "stay tuned"), timed his death 40 years ahead of schedule.heavenly honcho mr. king (chazz palminteri of "analyze this"), god's right-hand guy, apologizes and escorts lance back to earth. the snag is lance cannot reclaim his corpse, so he must inhabit another body. the best that mr. keyes can come up with is ruthless, white, 60-year old tycoon charles wellington. wellington's adulterous wife amber (jennifer coolidge of "american pie") and his unscrupulous personal aide winston (greg germann of "sweet november") have just tried to poison him. reluctantly, before wellington's body vanishes, lance accepts it conditionally as a loaner until keyes can locate a more appropriate body. meanwhile, lance-as-wellington encounters sontee again. she is a nurse activist protesting his decision to privatize a brooklyn community hospital that serves the poor. while regina king brings a surfeit of charisma to her role as a crusading health care worker, she plays a character who bypasses credible motivation in her affairs with wellington. although he is no longer black, lance not only tries to woo sontee but also win a gig at the apollo."down to earth" features rock in his most unfunny role. the comedian's reason for making this movie seems questionable. reportedly, he ate lunch with warren beatty and told beatty that he loved the original script that scenarist elaine may had penned for beatty. initially, beatty tried the race-reversal gimmick himself in his own version by trying to cast muhammad ali in the title role of "heaven can wait." the deal fell through, and beatty headlined the movie himself. according to rock, his longtime co-writers and he thought that they could 'annihilate' this classic. moreover, he justified his choice of "heaven can wait" based on his philosophy to "do something you can only do when you're hot." earlier, rock rejected a script about a busload of touring rappers, because he saw little opportunity to stretch his image in such an outing. as a lifeless comedian in "down to earth," rock doesn't so much stretch his image as he inverts it for the worst! this half-baked concert film with an annoying plot does as much to cremate his comic reputation as it does the weitz brothers! you know a film about a comedian is in dire straits when a scene at the nightclub is played so you cannot hear the jokes, only the laughter. similarly, the casting of mark addy as wellington's butler who speaks the queen's english but is in reality a commoner from michigan defies logic, too. addy is an actual englishman, and he doesn't have to fake an accent; his accent is genuine. the major overriding quandary with "down to earth" is the on-again-off-again, look-a-like switcheroo that the characters make so chris rock doesn't disappear completely from the sight for more than a few seconds. although chris spends half the movie as white guy wellington, audiences see him largely as lance, undercutting the comic irony of watching his stocky, bald-headed, caucasian white, alter-ego perform ghetto humor and chant derogatory hip-hop lyrics. incredibly, rock served double-duty as the film's executive producer and one of its four scribes. the mystery is how such a wealth of talent could grind out such an awkward, misguided muddle of a comedy. about the only redeeming feature of "down to earth" is jamshied sharifi's superb orchestral film score.

imagine pulling back the mask of a lethal assassin and finding barbara cartland there... that's what happens with this film.the opening showed promise, but soon it drops all pretenses of being a thriller (or even an imaginative love story) and the only reason they made this story becomes abundantly clear: to fill a gap in their female viewing market by creating yet another re-hash of 'mis-understood, brooding bad-boy' (andrei) meets 'innocent, whimsical beauty' (paula). rather than waste any time in creating an original premise, the filmmakers went straight for the money-shot: the bad boy being tamed by said whimsical beauty. thence follows a string of insincere and heavily-clichéd love scenes sprinkled with pseudo philosophical/poetic fluff. andrei's admission of being (eponymously) a 'poet' is levered in to round out the perceived qualities a byronic hero should have - but even when we're told in heavy, underlined writing who and what he is, it's still difficult to believe it - or care.for a byronic hero/antihero to work, the story needs subtlety, style and innovation - all of which are utterly absent here. this is not a modern day phantom of the opera, it's just what happens when a weak and rather silly woman (with loose knicker elastic) dates a bad man, who, after meeting her, seems as dangerous as bunny slippers.the performances might have saved this film, had they been any good: the female lead is preoccupied with looking sexy and 'otherworldly', no matter how forced or ridiculous; and poor dougray scott appears to have been drugged as he shambles through his part. this is not his best work. the glimmers of interest were brought by jürgen prochnow as 'vashon', and andrew lee potts as the young photographer/brother. a better movie would have offed the sister and kept the brother instead.

is this film a joke? is it a comedy? surely it isn't a serious thriller? there is no suggestion that there is any intended humor, but on quite a few occasions the poor acting, poor directing, and appalling script had the audience laughing out loud in the cinema. the plot is acceptable - a promising young artist just reaching his peak shot dead by an assassin he walks in on by mistake. the killer sees the young artists work portfolio he is carrying and decides to attend an exhibition of his work. at the exhibition the assassin meets the dead artists sister and they end up falling in love. it is all very predictable stuff and the end will not have anyone guessing as it is so poorly scripted. the film takes place mainly in and around vienna, austria, and shows what a beautiful city it is. do not waste your time on this film though, unless you are studying how not to act, direct or script a film!

two films are useful for scaring people to god, this and 'event horizon'. one has a significant and poignant message, the other is as one-dimensional as a religious movie can get. too bad paul anderson went on to the accursed resident evil movies, he really had something going.thief in the night is hampered by many obvious independent film attributes (acting, storytelling, dialog, and persuasion) and it's obvious what the film's intentions are from the start. the christian film industry hasn't learned from the failures of this, so we are stuck with the omega code, left behind, and the other tribulation movies. their underlying element is that they are so concerned with selling their message: "get saved, folks!" that everything else becomes second to whacking the audience over the head with a bible.overall, i can't believe i'm even writing this much about a movie this ineffective. skip it entirely and go back to sam neil gouging out his eyeballs. 1 out of 5.

i remember being forced (yes--literally forced) to see this film by a southern baptist preacher when i was a kid, and even then i loved its awfulness. it's designed to scare poor suckers into being "saved." the only thing that "saved" me was the fact that it finally ended and i could go out and have a real life.check out the chapter on this film in sarah diamond's book "the politics of the christian right." fascinating. and certainly more interesting than the movie!

the sects that capitalise on this film are well known for their claim to take the 'message' of the bible without any alteration or extra-biblical influence. the existence of this film is solely due to the fact that there is no such thing.if you want to know what the born-again branch of christianity were harping on about in the seventies just look up the word 'rapture' in a dictionary of cults and sects. it's quicker than sitting through this waste of celluloid.poor acting, uneven sound quality and a script that could just as easily have been written by jack t chick (paranoid christian conspiracy theorist for those not familiar with the evangelical scene). you could not really put this into the 'so bad it's good' category so its only audience are either those with a pamphlet collection looking to branch out or the extremely paranoid.

i saw this movie twice through a pentecostal church my family attended in nanaimo bc in the 1970's. i was of the tender age of 6, my brother 4, then again when i was 8 my brother 6. this movie terrified my brother and i and shaped how we viewed the world with distrust. it wasn't just the movie, but it was also the philosophy that engulfs so many "christians" about the "mark of the beast"and the rapture. this movie, the church, and a volatile neglectful upbringing, lead to severe paranoia towards the future. for years, i lived under the delusional affects of the church and fear of being forgotten by christ. i am now 40 years old. went through years of counseling. i once explained to a psychiatrist this movie and the belief system of the church and family. i was pegged with a delusional disorder. i actually began to believe this, it was my brother who reminded me, that this cultic philosophy actually happened. i no longer fear the future, i have come to terms with the fear injected into it's members by the church. i have taken this experience to fulfill a purpose, i am nearing my licensure as a psychologist specializing in childhood trauma.

this is an interesting treatment of a subject that is quite controversial, (just read the other comments on this film). apparently, you either love it or hate it and it seems most people make that distinction based on whether they believe the tribulation and end times will happen as portrayed in the movie.basically, the film - and its sequels - were made for about $1.30 each. the production values are right down there with "plan 9 from outer space" and the acting is about on the same level as "glen or glenda", (my apologies to ed wood). putting aside the religious message, the story is as scary as they come. add in even the slightest thought that the story might actually be close to something that might happen in the future and it becomes even scarier.this movie, and its sequels, didn't try to bring in the reasons why the tribulation happened when it did. "left behind" and "the omega code" tried to get in everything "thief" did and to explain all the politics and maneuvering in the middle east leading up to it. the net effect was "thief" did a much better job on the scary part of movie, instead of spreading itself too thin trying to explain what was happening in the middle east at the same time. forget the politics and watch this movie, and its sequels, for what they are - horror stories. that they may be horror stories told, indirectly, by god makes them just that much more frightening. if it makes you think about the subject, it has done its job - even if you never believe.

i was forced to watch this whole series of films as a young child and i was told they were real! talk about child abuse. i would have been less frightened of dracula or frankenstein. this series is only good for people who believe in this ridiculousness and who want to indoctrinate their children into believing the same. besides the obvious issues associated with brainwashing and indoctrination, there's also the bad acting, bad writing, and bad "special effects". they are just all around terrible, terrible movies. yes, believable (and horrifying) to a kid, but i can't imagine a grown-up buying into this shlock. although, i must say, that i would be interested in seeing them today, as an adult. they might have a certain midnight/cult movie feel to them.

written and acted by sincere amateurs, produced by some exploitation monger, this is dull and hard to watch.not the worst movie ever, but at least schlock like _plan 9 from outer space_ usually had a real actor or two. i'd recommend _a thief in the night_ only to hardcore ironists and hardcore dispensationalists. i'm neither.don't believe me? watch it for free (albeit sourced from poor vhs) here: http://www.archive.org/details/thief-in-the-nightrelevant links added mostly to reach imdb's 10-line minimum: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dispensationalism http://www.dvdtalk.com/reviews/3199/thief-in-the-night-se-a/

as some other comments show, this movie might scare you, when you're a little child. (and that is probably all that it is good for.)however, if you're older, this movie only does one thing: suck majorly -and thereby i don't mean the acting, its soundtrack, cutting or s.th. like that. i'm simply talking about the "plot" (if you can call it that). spoilers ahead ------------------------i don't want to give any more spoilers than necessary (if after reading this, you really still want to watch this movie) but if you graduated from any school, this is just a big insult of your intelligence. when watching this, i was stunned most of the time, because what was happening was just that stupid.this includes:-the forming of unite (an evil un-association) --> we are just supposed to believe it's evil. is it even evil at all? if so: why is it evil?-the mark of evil in the form of a tattoo --> there is no necessity to impose this on the people, so why the hell (no pun intended) are they doing it? -inviting christ to your heart merely as lip service -->because there's nothing anybody, who in this movie is considered "a real christian", ever does, besides saying that stupid prayer. so...just say that prayer before the rapture and you're saved - no matter what?! thus, rating 1/10

first of all, i saw this movie when i was 7 years old at a christian scholl i attended. needless to say that i was scared out of mind. not because it was scary but because the content.cmon...i was 7. anyway, the cinematography was pretty bad and the acting was cheesy. that's very bad considering that i was only 7 and i remember that. the one thing that still haunts me is that dreadful song "i wish we all were ready" where the chorus ends with "...you were left behind". i wouldn't suggest seeing this one. i probably will, just for nostalgic reason. besides, i'm sure the remake is much better. the best part of this movie though, has to be when everyone "dissapears"; vacant cars crashing, lawnmowers running on their own...pretty hilarious.

first off there is nothing wrong with studying daniel, revelation, matthew 24, isaiah and other prophetic scriptures. there is also nothing wrong with making a film such as this to attempt to present the gospel message. so my qualms with this movie are not in either its sincerity or aspirations. as a christian, though an amillenialist, i believe there will be a great tribulation and i believe christ will return as he said as much. so even though i have disagreement with this film about the rapture that is not why i rate this movie so low.no, what makes me rate this movie so low is not its sincerity or its message, but rather its lack of production values, awful script, mediocre acting, and pitiful fx. this movie ranks down there with some of the cheesiest scifi fodder of the 1950s. no, this movie ranks down there with plan 9 from outerspace. this movie failed to age well and was probably dated by the time they made a sequel.the apocalypse genre film producers could have learned how not to make an end times film from this, but they failed. the left behind series, the apocalypse series, and the omega code series all failed to learn from this because they addressed the fx problems and the dated look problem, but their scripts are still poor, and their acting is wooden.there are great christian films, with extremely low budgets, but this film is not one of them. i'm surprised the mst3k crew never lampooned this one.

i was raised in a "very christian" household since birth. i was saved before i saw this movie and the rest of the series and was forced to watch it in a youth group at my church. this movie was highly disturbing. i saw it when i was about 12 years old and literally had nightmares about it for years. i used to lay awake in bed and listen for the sounds of my mom's footsteps upstairs. if i didn't hear her footsteps, i would sneak upstairs to make sure she hadn't been raptured. i used to pray so hard every night for salvation because i was terrified of jesus forgetting me. this is definitely not something i will show to my kids until they are much older, if at all. it took me years to shake the fear that this movie gave me.

perhaps because i was so young, innocent and brainwashed when i saw it, this movie was the cause of many sleepless nights for me. i haven't seen it since i was in seventh grade at a presbyterian school, so i am not sure what effect it would have on me now. however, i will say that it left an impression on me... and most of my friends. it did serve its purpose, at least until we were old enough and knowledgeable enough to analyze and create our own opinions. i was particularly terrified of what the newly-converted post-rapture christians had to endure when not receiving the mark of the beast. i don't want to spoil the movie for those who haven't seen it so i will not mention details of the scenes, but i can still picture them in my head... and it's been 19 years.

weak,stale, tired, cliched; wants to be basic instinct, but misses opportunity after opportunity for fresh perspectives, new insights. insipid, trite, grotesque, and without the possibly-redeeming value of brevity; oh, wait...it was only 90 minutes long...it must have just *seemed* a lot longer! i'd rather clean bus station toilets with my toothbrush than have to sit through this again. i'm expressing an opinion here: i guess this means i didn't like it.

a truly muddled incomprehensible mess. most things in the film look more or less like 1987, but then there are futuristic things just thrown in, like the policeman's ray gun. and that car! the director seemed to be in love with colored lights. the only really notable performance was the girl who played valerie, but since there was no cast listing, i don't know which actress that was. this one is worth missing. grade: f

actress patty duke wrote an insightful, funny, rough-hewn book about her career as an actress, her crazy-quilt love-life, and her manic depressive episodes and suicide attempts which almost put her away for good. with this rich material to draw from (and patty playing herself in the final act), one would think a crack tv-director like gilbert cates could bring it all together on film, but "call me anna" is a pale shadow of duke's autobiography. for those who haven't read the book, the sketchy narrative (leaping forward in time) isn't absorbing, we are never allowed to get our bearings with what's happening, and the production seems stunted by a low budget. the actors are miscast, and the value of having duke herself finally appear does not pay off--the film's phony reality is so thick at this point that patty can't bring stability to the scenario. it appears as if the producers were sincere enough (and consciousness-minded) to anxiously steer the film towards duke's ultimate diagnosis and mental freedom, but they left out many dramatic opportunities in the process.

this is one of the worst movies i have ever seen. robin williams fit into the part like a rhino would fit into a tutu, even so his performance was still pitiful. kurt russell was more believable but still was awful. the plot left much to be desired and the rest of the acting was also terrible. the only thing this movie had going for it was the trailer, which suckered me in to wasting 90 minutes of my life which could have been better spent trying to lick the back of my head.do yourself a favor and burn this movie if you have it. if not, just be happy you don't.

i think "the best of times" was a lost cause from the get go. the initial premise (guy drops the winning touchdown pass against a rival high school team, can never seem to get over it and then tries to reunite the two teams to play again) is one of the dumbest i have ever heard. since ron shelton went on to write much better sports films i wonder if there was more to it then that. i hope this film wasn't green lit with shelton pitching the story as i wrote above.so we have the premise. going from there you would think, or hope, that there might be a few twists along the way to keep things lively. no such luck. this script follows every predictable cliché you can think of. there isn't a moment in this film you won't see coming a mile away before the film reveals it and the ending.... well if you can't figure out the ending by the end of the first reel then you haven't paid attention or seen any other sports movie in your life.robin williams and kurt russell star (and bore) in the leads. williams is the poor schmo who dropped the big pass and russell is the quarterback who threw the fateful pass. gee, do you think russell will suit up just once more to see if he and williams can right a wrong that the town has never forgotten? this is such a lame duck comedy with a lame duck script that one can only shake their heads wondering what might have been. sure there are a few chuckles and, to be honest, there is one truly funny scene. williams and russell have marital problems and the wives invite them over for dinner to resolve things. neither guy realizes that they have been invited over on a monday and, yes, monday night football is on. keeping in mind that the two teams playing have a combined one victory, the men (williams especially) try to resist the temptation to find out how the game is going. the scene dissolves into some hilarious bits as williams goes to check the score by using a bathroom visit as a ruse. when he returns he coughs the score to russell. later as russell is starting to make the moves on his wife williams wheels the television into their view from another room.it's an inspired and funny scene in a mostly uninspired and stupid movie.

that's what the title should be, anyway.this movie combines guns, explosives, and mindless killing to make one flop of an "action" movie. let me make my point in a series of questions: answers type deal.what happens in the movie? people die.is that it? yes.what is the plot about? what plot?what is the point the movie is trying to make? killing is the only solution.what are the characters like? extremely flawed and contradictive toward their own personalities.is there anything good about this movie? yes. i'm sure they used some nice panavision cameras in filming it.if you like constant killing and greed, then watch the movie. if you happen to be repulsed by such low-standard "entertainment", then "made men" is not for you.to sum it up, the plotline stinks, the characters aren't worth their while, the storyline is completely resistable, and nothing fits together.this proves one thing: the actors, directors, and whoever helped make this movie certainly aren't "made".

so this was an hbo "made for tv movie" eh? is that an excuse for such a pathetic plot and terrible acting? such a shame to see jim belushi reduced to a role so repetitive (shot at, survived, lies, beaten up, survives, shot at, lies and so ad infinitum. call that a script? as for the brits, embarrassing to see timothy dalton's pathetic (or was he just taking the p***, depends how much he was paid i guess?) attempt at a southern sheriff). as for that other brit, the bleached blond one, what a w***er! there is a trend towards glorifying these "english speaking" (sic) super-violent thugs lately, perhaps thanks to mr. madonna's two movies succeed in entertaining and justify the violence by skillful use of irony and humour, like pulp fiction does. however, this movie discredits and devalues the genre. definately one to miss.

right away, this film was ridiculous. not that it didn't have redeeming aspects… for example, the best thing about this film was the beautiful background scenery. anyone not living on the east coast should know the south doesn't have beautiful mountains like those found in the west. i knew it was utah right off the bat, but perhaps dalton couldn't suppress his english accent, so they had to excuse it by saying this was a southern town. subverting his accent into a southern one was easier. sure the film has plot twists, but its phony sense of place was something i couldn't get past. it's not like utah doesn't have meth labs... so why the writers thought it necessary to pretend it was in the south is beyond me. one other thing in action pictures always puzzles me. why do they always make the "cocking" sound effect when the character pulls out an automatic handgun? it seemed every other sound effect in this movie was a "chuk-chich" signifying a 9mm was loaded and ready to fire. of course, the weapons already had rounds chambered so this was unnecessary. lastly, the pyrotechnics were way over the top. but hey, this film was targeted to a certain 'market segment' i suppose... it's too bad. each of the actors can act, but this film was lame.

it was just a terrible movie. no one should waste their time. go see something else. this movie is, without a doubt, one of the worst movies i have ever seen in my life. if you want to see a good movie, don't see made men.

it is so rare that i get to rate a movie without having some reservation as to whether i should have gone up one or down one but this one.....did the explosion rate a notch higher, or one down because my brain hurt trying to create a plot. no, this one....yeah, a solid, no brainer.....one/ten

as a long-time fan of all the star trek series,i found this a disappointing episode, and i wonder if the liberal use of "flashbacks" featuring will riker's exploits, both positive (and largely romantic) and negative (lots of pain, and a crewmate's death)was a money-saving device, as were many of their "bottle shows" (episodes in which all scenes take place on the enterprise). diana muldaur(who also appeared at least twice on the original series) deserved a better final appearance than this for her character, dr. kate pulaski. loyal viewers (in the star trek world, is there any other kind?) also were shortchanged. this was the last episode of second season; thus, the season ended "not with a bang" but with "a whimper."

i loved this movie, i'll admit it. this has to be the best (straight to?) video movie i've seen. well... me and my friend decided just for shits n' giggles that we'd rent this movie. we knew what to expect and we got exactly what we expected, plus more. when that red neck gets slammed up against the tree by the sasquatch, we literally watched that part about three to four times, it was that amazing (hysterically, of course). and why? oh why does the main character have to roll that much? like honestly, we know that you're in danger, rolling that much isn't gonna help all that much. but really, if this movie is in you're local video store rent it. it is worth the money and it's not even that bad, like it's bad, but not incredibly bad. overall, complete amazing will be in store for you if you rent this movie.

it really is that bad of a movie. my buddy rented it because he, well, is an idiot. but then again, i must be an idiot too because i watched the whole damn thing! the actors were on par with high school drama geeks who think that are going places. the only place they will be going is back to waiting tables at luby's. all i could think of while i was watching this "gem" was how it actually got made. i mean, some "screenwriter" actually thought that this premise was fresh, original and lucrative. then some moron with money believed in the script so much that he decided to fork some cash over with the naive misconception that he was going to make a return on it. actors were cast, locations were scouted, make-up artists were hired, computer animators fresh out of al collins graphic design school were brought in and this turd started to take form.there obviously were a ton of things that i hated about this move but the one thing the drove me the craziest was the overuse of music. every single minute of this flick was scored. there was not a single break in music. and at times it was mixed higher than the dialogue, not that it made you miss some vital plot point or anything.after it was over, we decided to watch mystic river. it was like driving a 1980 vw diesel rabbit then switching to a bmw 740il. you couldn't get two more opposite movies in terms of quality.

man has been to the farthest reaches of the earth and now he is traveling to new worlds. but with new worlds come ancient evils... the vampires of space. and not just a handful but entire tribes. in this film (which i saw as "bloodsuckers" but i guess also goes as "vampires wars") we see what happens when the imperialist earthlings meet the imperialist vampires.i will make this review very short because it's undeserving of a good review. the best i can say for this film is it has a good cast of b-list and upcoming stars. natassia malthe was quintana, and was far more attractive here than in "bloodrayne 2". michael ironside is muco, and is always a fan favorite (as i say, he's the poor man's jack nicholson). and we even get carrie-ann fleming as "damian's wife", who horror fans will now recognize as the eponymous jenifer from dario argento's "jenifer". so this movie, as bad as it is, isn't without some names attached... but the same can be said of uwe boll's work.the concept of the military tracking and killing vampires in space isn't necessarily a bad idea, but it easily falls into the realm of "cheese" and this film falls hard. the acting, especially from the vampires, is over the top and i just didn't find the explanations of their existence very convincing. worst of all, the vampire tribes have the names "voorhess" and "leatherfaces". i understand this was supposed to be a clever reference for the horror fans, but it wasn't clever at all. it just sounded dumb and out of place (unlike the much more subtle references in james gunn's "slither", such as naming stores after lesser-known horror directors).that's all i want to say. if you can stand lots of cheese (on this day i couldn't and i'm from wisconsin) and want to see average actors with poor costumes fight vampires in space (although "space" looks a lot like any other forest on earth) check this one out, if you can find it. i don't personally recommend this when you can watch other cheesy vampires films (jon carpenter's "vampires") or other cheesy space movies. or maybe even some good ones. but, hey, do your thing.

#1 vampires vs. humans#2 military-reject roughneck squad as first responders to dangerous, unknown vampire incursions.#3 sexy female vampire on the side of the "good guys".#4 plenty of gore and action.there are four (4) major plot devices that may help you decide if you want to watch this movie. if you want all four, then the next plot device may not deter you...#5 in outer space.that last one almost got me too, but i'm glad i watched. in a pile of terrible direct-to-video horror that is the sci-fi channel halloween marathon... this movie is a breath of fresh air. it will stand-up against any of the other sci-fi channel offerings, and even against the other vampire movie natassia starred in (who keeps giving uwe boll money?).

i picked this movie up to replace the dismal choice of daytime television and to go with my thirst for femme fatales. well, for the previous, it is better than daytime television....though i'm not sure how much.it does have its points but after about the first 20-30 minutes, the good points pan out and one comes to the conclusion that they are watching a made for tv movie that was put together with not much time to make something that will hold together. in short, a terrible sci fi channel type movie.it has its points such as the future is dirty, like "blade runner" showed ..... of course, this is no "blade runner". the captain looks, sort of feels like actor robert forster, the kind of person one might want to be around.but unfortunately, it rather ends up feeling like a bad "andromeda" rehash where the muscle of the crew consists of poor copies of the smart gunners of "aliens", the mystic is vampire willow sexually intensified, and the new captain might as well be like jan-michael vincent running around on "danger island" in the "banana splits"; he only put on the uniform with the epaulets; he's got very little right to it. all of them running around with their version of force lances inside a ship that looks very much like the 'eureka maru' as they are fighting a class of 'people' who occupy the universe and are broken up into several different tribes or sects of different evolutionary qualities.......just like the nietzcheans in "andromeda".it might have a redeeming feature with michael ironside, but after a while, one gets the feeling that he took the part as a hoot! he probably had fun doing it, but it doesn't help the movie much.it's ..... "okay". okay in the way that one might watch the dvd once without turning it off; if they watch it with commercials, they will probably change the channel. one might watch it once .......... but a few hours later, be wondering what it was that made them watch it all.for me, that was the femme fatale ............. when she was fighting.

i saw this a couple of nights back, not expecting too much and unsurprisingly it didn't deliver anything too exciting. the plot set up of a crew of vampire hunters (v-san, for vampire sanitation), going around in their spaceship periodically killing space vamps and rescuing people, is quite sound and had the film been handled better it might well have been something quite ace. unfortunately after a fairly decent opening the sense of actual quality starts to drain away from the film, leaving something behind that, though vacantly watchable, is quite laughably bad. i don't expect anything too special from these films that pop up on the sci fi channel and at least this wasn't one of their creature features with an atrocious cgi beast shambling about, but it was still pretty bad, mostly due to the writing and acting, but with a sterling contribution to the overall badness made by the horrible music. when the film opted just for a typical science fiction sounding weird noises approach to the soundtrack it did ok, but all too often hilariously bad soft rock intruded and pitched scenes into silliness. i would have tolerated the general cheesy acting and writing more were it not for the choice of music, which was a serious miscalculation, turning things from cheesy to lamely comical. of the acting, dominic zamprogna was ok but bland as the nominal hero, whilst leanne adachi was pretty irritating as the tough girl of the vamp busting team and aaron pearl played another member who wasn't well written or interesting enough to make an impression. though she didn't seem that good at the acting lark natassia malte did well through having a less irritating character than the others, and the fact that she is seriously nice to look at. the only serious name in the cast is michael ironside and he is underused though he does nicely, pretty amusing in a manner one suspects was intentional. he seems to have fun and earn his paycheck and his role is entertaining. the effects are ok on the whole, they are at least of the standards of the average science fiction tv show, and there are also a few scenes of blood splatter and a bit of fun gore as well. things move along nicely, and i almost feel harsh rating this film badly, but then i remember bursting into laughter at regular intervals and realising that unless the film is an intentional comedy, which i don't think it is, then it simply doesn't succeed. too much is lame, daft, unconvincing, its an ok effort i guess but it didn't appeal to me. only give it a go if you really dig sci fi trash or unintended chuckles i'd say.

this movie is not as horrible as most sci-fi channel movies. i am used to seeing the gray cgi blobs and the amateurish special effects such as close-ups of fake blood that make it very obvious that the blood is strawberry syrup or some other syrup variation. however, i had thought that i had seen all the possible lows that the sci-fi channel could hit. then i saw this movie.imagine a hand inside a rubberized sock that is glazed with syrup? those are the main alien vampires in this movie. you can clearly see the fingers inside the rubbery sock puppets. a talking hand comes out of the guts of victims, and the vampire who is on the vampire hunter's team can talk to these rubber sock puppets in transylvanian. how did alien vampires learn transylvanian? and isn't transylvania in romania? so shouldn't they be talking romanian? why would some little town have their own language? if you can suspend your gag reflex and get past the talking rubber socks with the fingers clearly moving inside the aliens' heads; then you have to deal with the other alien vampires. there are the "leatherfaces" who like to wear the faces of their victims. then there are the just plain ugly ones that all seem to have a lot of facial scars. then there are the annoying valley girls and their boyfriends who are human traitors and sneak into space colonies so that they can sabotage the defense systems so that these space vampires can attack.finally, if you think all of the above is funny and worth a laugh, you have to deal with the third rate cast of network tv rejects that make up this team of stereotypical angry heroes which are constantly fighting among themselves. why does almost every sci-fi channel movie have to use lead characters that are annoying, abrasive, crude, or just totally unsympathetic? i found myself hoping the talking rubber socks would win.

if it were not for the "oh so gourgous," natassia malthe, this b- movie would not have been worth one sector of my tivo disk space! in what low rent, back lot warehouse was the supposed space port filmed in? "continuity people!" it's a basic principle in real movie making! by night an alleged space port and by day (night and day on a space station?) a warehouse!??!? people please! the only thing i will commend this movie for, is the wardrobe dept. for continuously, keeping natassia in those tight shape revealing outfits! even the women who saw this bomb had to appreciate the outfits that she obviously spent some time getting into, each day of filming! the sci-fi channel would have been better off showing spaceballs! at least there would have been some real humor in watching something so unbelievable.p.s. michael ironside, please fire your agent asap! you are so much better of an actor, to be even associated with this level of movie making.

bloodsuckers has the potential to be a somewhat decent movie, the concept of military types tracking down and battling vampires in space is one with some potential in the cheesier realm of things. even the idea of the universe being full of various different breeds of vampire, all with different attributes, many of which the characters have yet to find out about, is kind of cool as well. as to how most of the life in the galaxy outside of earth is vampire, i'm not sure how the makers meant for that to work, given the nature of vampires. who the hell they are meant to be feeding on if almost everyone is a vampire i don't know. as it is the movie comes across a low budget mix of firefly/serenity and vampires movies with a dash of aliens.the action parts of the movie are pretty average and derivative (particularly of serenity) but passable- they are reasonably well executed and there is enough gore for a vampire flick, including some of the comical blood-spurting variety. there is a lot of character stuff, most of which is tedious, coming from conflicts between characters who mostly seem like whiny, immature arseholes- primarily cowboy dude and asian woman. there are a few character scenes that actually kind of work and the actors don't play it too badly but it mostly slows things down. a nice try at fleshing the characters out but people don't watch a movie called bloodsuckers for character development and drama. the acting is actually okay. michael ironside hams it up and is as fun to watch as ever and at least of a couple of the women are hot. the space sfx aren't too bad for what is clearly a low budget work. the story is again pretty average and derivative but as i said the world created has a little bit of potential. the way things are set up bloodsuckers really does seem like the pilot for a tv series- character dynamics introduced, the world introduced but not explored, etc. the film does have a some highlights and head scratching moments- the kind of stuff that actually makes these dodgy productions watchable. -the scene where our heroes interrogate a talking sock puppet chestburster type creature. hilarious. - the "sex scene." wtf indeed. -the credit "and michael ironside as muco." the most annoying aspect of it all though is the really awful and usually inappropriate pop music they have playing very loud over half the scenes of the movie. it is painful to listen to and only detracts from what is only average at best.basically an okay watch is you're up for something cheesy, even if it is just for the "chestburster" scene.

the tv guide described the plot of severed ties as thus : " an experiment on a severed arm goes awry " so right away i thought this was going to be about an arm that`s got a mind of its own as seen in the beast with five fingers or the hand or someone getting an arm transplant as in body parts . both premises are tried and tested , or to be more accurate tired and tested so i was curious as to how the producers would approach the story . i actually thought they were making an arthouse movie like pi down to the use of b&w photography at the start of the film but the makers seemed to have tired of this approach after 20 seconds and decided to make a splatter comedy similar to the evil dead . i`ve very little to say on this except that i disliked the evil dead movies and i disliked severed ties and it seems really unfair that films like this use an obscene amount of rubber when the third world is crying out for condoms

a young scientist harry harrison is continuing his late father's scientific research into limb regeneration with flying colours, but his interferingly dominate mother and her doctor lover want to sell off the serum. when he finds out, there is an accident involving harry losing an arm. so, he tries out the serum and what eventuates is a genetically deranged arm that has a mind of its own.oh we've seen this oh so many times before, but what lifts this very campy and quite rubbery shonky junk is the performance of movie icons elke sommer and oliver reed. actually it's not a bad flick by fangoria films; just there are better ones out there, which are similar in vein. "servered ties" simply lacks it own distinctive style. the oddball nature and unpleasant splatter resembled "re-animator" and even a touch of slapstick stuck out like something from "evil dead 2".the comic story is truly whacked out with it's black humour, but it can get melodramatic and a bit in dry in the fun factor. surprises do crop up, especially the flick's final outcome. which is well accepted, as i thought it could have copped out with something more accessible. for a low-budget production the fx makeup can look rigid and very goofy, but there's some grotesque moments that will make you smile than actually cringe. even a brush of sexual tension streamlines the story, thanks to elke sommer's sternly juicy performance as the mother. oliver reed is quite humorously deadpan in a wicked sense and he pulls it off extremely well. they were both immensely diverting as the couple you loved to hate. billy morrisette is delightful in a erratic performance as harry. director damon santostefano briskly paces the film and orchestrates some stylish scenes of gripping and bamboozling horror.yeah it's juvenile and basically silly nonsense, but you got to hand it to it for some undemanding entertainment.

a young scientist is trying to carry on his dead father's work on limb regeneration.his overbearing mother has convinced him that he murdered his own father and is monitoring his progress for her own evil purposes.a young doctor uses reptilian dna he extracts from a large creature and when his arm is conveniently ripped off a few minutes later,he injects himself with his formula and grows a new murderous arm...admittedly the special effects in "severed ties" are pretty good and grotesque,but the rest of the film is awful.the severed arm is behaving like a snake and kills few people.big deal.the acting is mediocre and the climax is silly.3 out of 10.

i disliked frosty returns and this one. both of the films are absurd with poorly written characters and bad voices. the voices could have been done but frosty returns was worst than this because of the unalike snowman they drew. frosty's winterwonder land was great and so was the original heartwarming drama. the only good thing about this film was frosty the snowman was alike of the classic 60s and a funny line like when they were talking about things that are not real and then frosty walks by the window humming, whistling whatever he was doing but everything else was badly written and badly animated and i barely got the plot. i saw the dvd cover at the library about 2 or 3 years ago and the art looked crappy so i didn't pick it up until this year because the pictures on the back looked a little touching but i played this film. it was a hassle poorly art characters just like the dvd and it was just terrible about what's going on. i watched this at night and found it dull that i fell asleep on the whole thing (wait i always do that when i watch something while i go to sleep) but this movie was overall boringoverall rating: grade -cthis is like another holiday special bad rip-off in the frosty returns and this one. this one is the badly 4th sequel like home alone 4 well i thought that movie was ok but home alone 3 was great. but it's like a bad home alone 3 and 4 people hate like this. my sister didn't watch it that much because when she came into my room to watch 2 minutes and a half of it, she walked away like "i hate the animation!" i agree to her just like the 3rd one frosty returns. plain awful!

the john goodman program was pretty awful, but this thing just plain stinks. the one and only thing in this mess that made me smile was recognizing the voice of patrick starfish as frosty. the story is hopeless, written by somebody who has garbled memories of childhood rebelliousness but has never gained any adult sense of perspective in the intervening years. paranoia rules the dark world that these characters inhabit. everybody is unpleasant, and for no reason. the plot is predictable but the show lurches from one inexplicable, unconnected scene to another in such a pointless way there is no fun in watching it. the worst thing is nobody in the production crew seems to have ever seen snow!

december holiday specials, like the original frosty, ought to be richly-produced with quality music and a wholesome, yet lighthearted storyline. they should have a touch of the mystical magic of the holidays. basically, they should look, sound, and feel...well, "special" and they should have a decent and appropriate december holiday subtext.so when i saw legend of frosty the snowman in the tv listings, i got my kids (6 and 8) pumped up for it by telling them the story of the original frosty and passionately relating how much i enjoyed it as a kid. as my wife and kids cozied up on the couch to watch the movie the expectations were high, but 10 minutes into it my kids were yawning and my wife and i were giving each other "the look" and rolling our eyes. after 35 minutes my kids were actually asking to go to bed -- i guess they were fed up with the insensitive language and pointless, disconnected segments. i was actually embarrassed about their (and my) disappointment with this movie.unfortunately, legend of frosty the snowman is more like a bad episode of fairly odd parents crossed with a worse-than-normal episode of sponge bob than a classic holiday movie. don't get me wrong...those shows are fine and i like them as much as the next guy, but when i watch fairly odd parents or sponge bob, my low expectations (for mediocre, off-color, zero subtext, mind numbing episodes) are always satisfied.we picked out some good books and spent the rest of the evening reading together. a much better choice than the embarrassingly bad legend of frosty the snowman.

my complaints here concern the movie's pacing and the material at hand. while using archival film and letters lends the film a fresh and interesting perspective, too often the material selected to highlight simply isn't very interesting (such as when goebbels complains about this or that ailment, &tc., or the ad nauseam footage of his small german hometown). also, the movie crawls along in covering c. 1920-1939 and then steams through the war years. in sum, the film is little better than a history channel documentary, with the exception that the filmmaker has a slightly greater sensibility than your average history channel documentary editor and thus can more artfully arrange the details of goebbels' life. still, i found it wanting.

one of my sisters friends lent me this game, and it is too damn hard! it carries the appearance of a kids game, but you have to learn how to do tons of intricate moves that require you to twist and turn your hands into all sorts of awkward positions, and you have to search seemingly endless levels for 100 notes, to improve your 'score'! you also have to find these impossibly hidden jigsaw puzzle pieces, that require you to do almost impossible tasks to get them! and i am only up to stage three!!!!! maybe if you have no life nad can stay home all the time you might get some enjoyment out of this, but otherwise keep away! and it is definately not recommended for kids - they will pull their hair out within the hour!

tim robbins and john cusack are two actors i have appreciated throughout their careers, and that was the only reason for choosing to watch this movie. well, all i can say is i totally regretted it! these two great actors humiliate themselves all the way through by performing a number of irrelevant, unimaginative and kitch to the extreme (not that this is bad on its own)sketches that are supposed to make people laugh, but fail to do so. the only reason i can think is that the director was their friend, and they decided to support his movie by starring in it-i can't think of anything else because this movie is so cheap! fortunately tim robbins and john cusack haven't disappointed me ever since. i would recommend you to avoid this film, unless you want your opinion about the two actors spoiled.

"tapeheads", a scrappy, intermittently funny spoof of the music video business, might have been the perfect comedic short, and stars john cusack and tim robbins are effortlessly in the swing of the nonsensical chaos involved. they play two semi-savvy security guards in los angeles who start their own company, video aces, making hilarious videos for groups, parties, and one deathbed star. it's too bad the filmmakers had to invent a dim side-plot to pad the running time (shenanigans involving a crooked politician and his henchmen which doesn't do much except take away from the movie's primary strength, sending-up the music culture of the late-'80s). still, cusack and robbins create a couple of originals here: nerdy but loose, street-smart without being hipsters or posers, these guys are on the same nutty wavelength, and they never put each other down. they're the real thing in buddy-comedies. *1/2 from ****

one of frances farmer's earliest movies; at 22, she is absolutely beautiful. bing crosby is in great voice, but the songs are not his best. martha raye and bob burns are interesting, but their comedy, probably great in its time, is really corny today. roy rogers also appears- in a singing role. in my view only worth watching if you are a frances farmer fan, and possibly a bing crosby fan.

we went to the movie with a group because the play we were going to was cancelled. it is without doubt one of the worst movies ever. it is not that i don't like cult-movies i do. but nothing happens in the film. one does not feel any connection with the characters whatsoever. endless times without dialog. and the car. how do thay carry a huge tent and beds chairs and clothing for every day in that car? it is a two seater! i have to say however the scenery is beautiful, but not in a movie, the director should have made a photoshoot of the movie, so that we could skip about 80 minutes of useless time in with nothing happens anyway. i would not recommend it, as it is a waste of your time

usually i love lesbian movies even when they are not very good. i'm biased, i guess! but this one is just the pits. yes, the scenery and the buildings are beautiful, and there is a brief but beautiful erotic interlude, but otherwise this movie is just a complete waste of time. annamarie alternates between sulking and getting high/stoned/passing out on whatever drug or booze is handy, and ella inexplicably puts up with this abominable behavior through the entire movie. at no time are we given any insight into why this is so, or even why annamarie is so depressed and withdrawn.if there had at least been some kind of closure in the (potentially romantic? we don't even know!) relationship between the two, there might have been some kind of satisfaction. but although annamarie at one point asks ella "why do you love me?" ella doesn't even acknowledge this. it's never really clear whether this is anything more than an (ill-behaved) lesbian on a boring road trip with a straight woman.even the interactions between the two women and the local people they meet on the journey, which could have been lively and informative, are instead flat, tedious and mostly incomprehensible.there is one good joke in the movie, although i'm sure it was unintentional. the women travel in a two-seat ford coupe with a middling sized trunk. yet when they set up camp, they have an enormous tent, cots, sleeping gear, and even a table, chair, and typewriter! on top of that, when they board a ferry, we see piles of luggage, presumably theirs, presumably also carried in the little ford's trunk! and through the entire film, we never see one gas station, or anywhere that looks like it would actually have any place to buy gasoline. mostly they travel through endless miles of desolate desert. so where did they get fuel?there may not be too many lesbian films out there, good or bad, but there are plenty that are better than this, and very few that are worse. leave this one in the rack.

whatever the merits of the film, it is poorly researched. as others have pointed out, the movie shows locals in iran speaking in arabic, rather than persian. that is enough to lose credibility for anyone who has the slightest knowledge of the area or the country. the landscape could not be more different from the actual.other factual errors: a train is shown to be operating in afghanistan, while afghanistan does not have railways. the turkish ambassador is wearing a fez (the red hat), whereas the fez was banned by turkey much before the time in which the movie is set. the turkish ambassador's daughter is actually dressed as an indian, and indian classical music is playing in the background in many scenes. i suppose the filmmakers meant to show an exotic woman, and sari was what they decided would make her exotic.

the movie's storyline is pat and quaint. two women travel through the middle east and discover themselves. unfortunately, if you are looking for a movie about the middle east and central asia this is absolutely terrible.the producers of the film either did no research or were unbelievably lazy when filming it. to begin with, and most glaringly incorrect, the nuristanis, as they were known in the thirties, and indeed since the 1890s and their forceful conversion by abdul-rahman shah of aghnaistan, were not nomads. in fact they have not been nomads since the aryan invasions of central asia over three milenia ago.second, the city that is filmed as tehran is not tehran, which is understandable, however the geography of the area around the city could not be more strikingly different than the city of tehran, which is surrounded on all side by a large mountain range, which predominates all of the cities views.third, persian, despite the fact it is spoken in iran and afghanistan, is never heard in movie. when there are native speakers who do not speak in german they speak in arabic. the 'persian' guards at the border, in fact, say to each other 'ma hadha rujal' (this is not a man) and not 'in mard nist' as it would be in persian. also, the love song between the indian princess and one of the main characters is obviously in spanish. while talking in the garden one of the main characters says that the quran uses the words 'ferdos' and 'jehaan' and makes some reference to drugs afterwords. these words certainly never appear in the quran as they are persian for paradise (indeed, ferdos and paradise are very distant cognates between our languages) and 'world' respectively, though jehaan is admittedly close to 'jehennan' which is hell in arabic. when they encounter the nomads in the desert the language spoken is also arabic, this despite the fact that there are no native speakers of arabic in iran and afghanistan and its use is primarily religious, with some use in education at that time.when they are stopped in iran before they reach the afghan border the people they encounter are wholly unlike any iranian group. their tents are typically bedouin with carpets decorating the walls and a high profile. in iran it is also extremely uncommon for people to wear turbans unless they are a cleric. the language spoken is clearly arabic from the initial greeting of 'ahlan wa sahlan.' when they do reach kabul the desert they find themselves in is sandy, totally unlike the rock dirt that is found in the arid parts of the hindu kush mountain range. there is an absence of the light green scrub that covers the ground in the summer and spring. the area is also not wholly consumed by the extreme mountains of the mountain range that won its name, the indian killers, because of its difficult and limiting ground.in short, the story line is the only thing in this movie that holds any water and it is still weak and common place. it lacks any real draw to it, being merely the tale of two women trying to learning about themselves as they get to nuristan, however, even that is still-born and no real development is felt, leaving the characters in the end just where they were in the beginning and nothing has changed except that world war two has broken loose. in short, this is a really bad movie that i would have rated at one star except for the good footage of bedouin and the deserts of the levant, even if they are misnamed.

all i can say is, before watching the movie i did not have a hint indication who annemarie schwarzenbach was or what was her life story..and i have to confess that the movie was hardly a help to reach these data.. and even it was not successful to persuade me to do some research by typing few words on google website; however, all i can say is that the actress jeanette hain was great with her mute facial expression she really played well and showed a deep depression mental status, as it is in real.after all , based on the script the movie has happened in turkey and tehran as well as afghanistan.. but believe me i am familiar with the area , it was all about an arabic desert in morocco.. turkish people and persian people are completely different in face and culture as well as in language which is not arabic..i suppose for making a film like this- documentary type- a thorough research about all these minor elements is mandatory..

this budget-starved italian action/sci-fi hybrid features david warbeck as a miami reporter who is chosen by the ghosts of the people of atlantis (!) to stop an evil businessman (academy award nominee john ireland) from using a telepathic fetus grown using spores from an asteroid to rule the world. you got all that? despite such a loopy plot, this is actually quite a bore and the raiders of atlantis sneers at it with contempt. honestly, the most (intentionally) creative thing about this flick is the slight reworking of herbie hancock's beverly hills cop theme for the opening titles. the most unintentionally creative bit involves a scene in a lab that is inexplicably shown twice back-to-back. perhaps director alberto de martino wanted to get all avant garde on us in the twilight of his career? i was going to declare this ireland's worst film on his resume but then i saw satan's cheerleaders was listed on there. i would also like to safely declare that i am probably the only person in the history of the world to do a double feature of this and hitchcock's vertigo.

the basic premise of "miami golem" most definitely deserves a spot in the top, say, fifty of most demented cinematic plots ever scripted down! i know top 50 doesn't sound too impressive, but i've seen a lot of really weird films with lunatic plots. i was prepared from something convoluted, because the film was directed and co-written by alberto de martino, who was one of italy's most ambitious and creative but sadly underrated film makers. de martino steals multiple ideas from successful blockbusters, like most italian directors did around that time, but he always adds a lot of stuff to make it even more complex, confusing and overwhelming. not all of de martino's films are worthwhile, but some of them are extremely underrated, like "a special magnum for tony saitta", "holocaust 2000" and "formula for a murder". the concept of "miami golem" contains elements from numerous great sci-fi and adventure flicks (like "alien", "starman" , "close encounters of the third kind", "et", …) but i wouldn't exactly call it a rip-off. the only thing that is really shamelessly stolen from another film is the opening synthesizer theme song that sounds almost identical to harold faltermeyer's axel f. from "beverly hills cop". the rest of the film is an amusing hodgepodge of fantasy, sci-fi, action, horror and superhero-movie gimmicks. it certainly doesn't always make sense (most of the time it doesn't, actually) but "miami golem" is undeniably an imaginative and multifaceted film that kept my mate and i fascinated from start to finish.the plot is extremely difficult to briefly summarize but i'll try anyway. sceptical journalist craig milford is reporting the story of a german scientist who allegedly discovered extraterrestrial dna inside a crashed meteorite and managed to clone it. the dna cell belongs to an evil alien force that already exterminated another interstellar race in the past and it will unquestionably destroy the whole of mankind as soon as it grows large enough in size. if this isn't problematic enough already, the rich mr. anderson ordered to steal the slowly growing evil fetus because he thinks that he can manipulate it and use it to obtain world domination. with the help of some good aliens in an earthly disguise, craig milford has the difficult task of safeguarding the planet from the evil fetus. okay, i know all this sounds grotesque and silly, but i assure that "miami golem" is in fact a light-headed and easy digestible flick. the first half of the film may come across as overly hectic and confusing, because alberto de martino attempts to keep the plot secret through the use of preposterous red herrings. there are subliminal ghostly appearances, supportive characters behaving exaggeratedly mysterious for no real reason and at a certain point there are even speculations about the lost continent of atlantis. this is all misleading padding material, however, and as soon as the set-up is more or less clear "miami golem" turns into an ordinary early 80's popcorn action movie with bloody massacres, flamboyant chase sequences (in the florida everglades!), explosions, gratuitous sleaze and nasty little fetus-monsters in jars.now, i really don't want to raise the impression that "miami golem" is a lost and undeservedly obscure gem of italian exploitation cinema. make no mistake, this is a pretty bad movie! the events only become endurable if you accept the stupidity and incoherence of the plot and if you don't succeed in that, well than this is just a non-stop spitfire of negative aspects. the acting performances are painfully awful. particularly b-movie veteran john ireland, as the archetypal james bond villainous character, doesn't seem the least interested in the script. you can tell from his grimaces and by the way he delivers his lines that he also thinks the whole production is retarded and simply signed up for the paycheck. laura trotter is probably the least sexy female lust-object ever, and the person who drew the marvelously chaotic vhs cover must have felt exactly the same way, because the ravishing girl on the cover does not appear anywhere in the movie. what an embarrassment this must be for mrs. trotter. still, her completely gratuitous nudity sequences compensate for this, as she's quite hot from the neck down. and, finally, there's the unforgettable scene where david warbeck takes down a helicopter from a moving school bus with a regular pistol! i don't think even john rambo can do this, while he's a beefcake vietnam veteran and warbeck's character is a simple tv-reporter.

a reporter, craig milford, who works for the james keller public telecommunication center, has an interview with a german professor of a floridian university, who made an unknown creature based upon some substance of meteor(s). but then a man named anderson, who is trying to control the whole planet with the creature, and his man kill the professor and his assistants and plunder the creature. so craig and his new female psychic partner, joanna fitzgerald, who can communicate not only with human being but also with alien friend(s) of the creature, begin to find the creature and try to send it to an alien spaceship... this film has some great casts and staffs. for instance, it has the actor, david warbeck of the beyond, the actress, laura trotter of nightmare city, the special visual effects creator, sergio stivaletti of dario argento's masterpieces, and the director (and also the story- writer), alberto de martino of the man with icy eyes and the killer is on the phone. and these talented people make an incredibly bad film, named, nothing but this miami golem which is essentially a confusedly combined film of close encounters of the third kind with e.t.the extra-terrestrial. and this not-only-confused-but-also-crammed film has something worth; genetic engineering with psychical research. consequently the film has at least one scientific and/or technical flaw; genetic engineering and psychical research are never compatible. (strangely enough, regarding this strangely childish combination of genetic engineering and psychical research, the leading character, craig, himself says there must be a better explanation to the short-haired psychic, joanna. but, after all, the whole story of the film doesn't and can't present any kind of better explanation.) in addition, this film has something more laughable; its problematic music. what the composer, who is credited as robert marry, provides is nothing but the strangely insistent beverly-hills-cop-tasted music. i don't want to say this italianised theme of beverly hills cop per se is particularly bad music, but i have to say it seems to be manifestly clear the music does not have the fitness for this film per se at all. indeed just who can think beverly hills cop has the compatibility with genetic engineering and/or psychical research?

strictly a routine, by-the-numbers western (directed by genre-mainstay andrew v. mclaglen, so is that any wonder?). army colonel brian keith spars with smarmy bandit dean martin, who has just kidnapped the colonel's wife (honor blackman, who never found her niche after playing pussy galore in "goldfinger"). fist-fights, shoot-outs, stagecoach robberies and denver pyle in a supporting role...in other words, absolutely nothing new or original. talking in a low monotone throughout, keith gets to dally with a prostitute (something of a shock after his run on tv's "family affair"), but otherwise this low-rent material wastes keith's amiable talents. it's also bad news for dino, who doesn't seem to notice or care. hack direction, poor writing and several unfunny attempts at lowball humor. * from ****

typical formula action film: a good cop gets entangled in a mess of crooked cops and japanese gangsters.the okay result has decent performances, a few fleeting snicker-inducing moments, and some fair action sequences--plus a chance to check out the gorgeous danielle harris--who makes the most of her perpetual typecasting as a rebellious teen daughter.** out of ****.

michael rooker is a decent actor, but he has no business being the lead except in a low budget movie. he really does not have much charisma. ryo ishibashi has a lot more screen presence, and sadly he is not really the main character. most of the screen time goes to the brick-faced rooker.danielle harris (from the halloween 4 and 5 movies) plays his daughter, and she is cute and entertaining but she is written as not being too smart and one of her dumb mistakes gets one of the main characters killed. comedians fred willard, bobcat goldthwait, and stephen furst are here in interesting roles. just watching what happens to these characters is priceless. vincent schiavelli plays the consigliare to the local mafia godfather, and it is hard to tell whether or not he is working the movie as a comedy. tim thomerson is also in this movie. he seems to be in every extremely low budget direct-to-video action movie. thomerson is also in some low-budget comedies. seeing so many comedians and comic actors in this film made it feel like a spoof. is it a parody of a yakuza movie? it is hard to tell at some points. there is certainly very little yakuza action. the supporting cast of thugs and goons is menacing and well cast. some of these kinds of movies have thugs that look like they work at the local comic book store or as stock boys at piggly-wiggly. overall this movie is very uneven. at some points it seems like a comedy or a parody. then at other points it works as a good action movie. then it sputters to an end. without the contributions of danielle harris and ryo ishibashi this movie would rate a zero in my humble opinion.

i would have given it a one instead of a two, but i suppose it could have been worse. i guess the acting isn't all that bad, but the plot lacks anything even remotely close to interesting. it is a terrible movie!! terrible! complete waste of time! i strongly suggest you do not watch this movie.!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

there are no reasons of taking this documentary serious and there are four reasons for that: 1) the people who made this documentary (including the director and the producer) are serbs or of serbian origin, therefore the criteria of neutrality fails. for instance, they mentioned that the diaspora croats (the so called "ustase") played a huge part in the fall of yugoslavia, but they didn't mention that there were equal serbian organizations as well (cetniks)! for you who aren't that familiar with balkan ww2 history: the serbian so called "cetniks" that were portrayed in the documentary as being so kind that they helped british paratroops during the war. well, that's only half the truth. they were also a fascist (monarch) group who collaborated with the germans, but then switched side when hitler started losing the war. it's also ironic that they don't mention the cetnik leader mihajlovic in the documentary, a man that is responsible for killing thousands of people and burning hundreds of villages all over bosnia and croatia. but they mentioned a certain ante pavelic...hm...allow me to be just a little suspicious.2) most of the people interviewed are to me totally unknown. and i've studied this war for a long time (who is the old british lady!!! she really hasn't made her homework!) and they are not even presented by name, so they could more or less be anybody, maybe someone they took from the street. who knows.3) in the documentary they talk about kosovo and how the serbs have lived there for ages, and therefore it should belong to serbia (even though they are a minority). well, when they mention the serbian dominated part of croatia (krajina) suddenly the serbs are portrayed as how they have the right to live there because it has been their home for so long. fine, but what people don't know is that the largest city in krajina (knin) has great historical importance for the croatian people. it was there where one of the most celebrated kings of croatian history (zvonimir) was crowned, and therefore the city has a historical value for croatia. the serbs arrived almost 800 years or so later! but no, the serbs should have krajina and kosovo according to the documentary. is that fair? to me it looks like double standards of morality from the director. plus, it is said in the documentary that the croatian constitution didn't have any laws about minority rights, this is a lie because it was one of the first laws implemented because of the fact that croatia had a huge serbian minority.4) the film mentions a radical croatian paramilitarian leader called glavas. or the muslim radical oric. they accused them of being a huge reason for the negative development of the war. yes, they were radicals, but if you want to talk about radicals, why not also mention the serbian radical paramilitary leaders such as seselj and arkan? the flaws are so many that i just presented a few of them, just so that people get an overview of the documentary. it looks like the people who made this documentary weren't well prepared and didn't have the guts to criticize the serbs because they were afraid that their serbian relatives would slap them or something. there aren't that many documentaries out there that are of good quality, but the best so far is "the death of yugoslavia" where all the significant participants of the war are interviewed (e.g. milosevic, jovic, bulatovic, tudman, izetbegovic, karadzic etc.) and where you get a whole 5 hour explanation about the fall of yugoslavia and the war.one other thing. i saw a comment on this documentary where the person was frustrated about why the us gave support to a country (bosnia) that had connections with bin laden during the war. well, first of all, all the countries involved in this conflict had nationalist presidents and because the bosnian muslims didn't have an old ethnic identity (previosly they were called "muslim croats") they had to rely on something else besides nationality to raise the spirit among the people, and that was by connecting them to the only thing that they had in common: their religion. and they took help from the mujahedin because no one else would support them. they had to fight the 4:th largest army in europe! they needed all the help they could get. nationalism is the best way to unite a people during war. history has shown us that.

i just want to say that this production is very one sided, breaks the impartiality needed if you want to be taken seriously. there are no credits of the persons they interviewed, so you cant have an idea if they are worthy of being heard.tells the story from just one point of view. to do this is very dangerous, because the next generations learns the bad idea, and thats why wars keep coming. i know this is not the only reason about wars, but doesn't help either.you can watch this documentary, but read in the internet a lot, before. balcans are complex as human history is.

when i saw this "documentary", i was disappointed to see serbian propaganda in action once again. even though serbia and its nationalist politics is main reason of yugoslavian breakup, it is not mentioned in this "documentary", which is made by bogdanovich whose name tells us that he is serbian and his movie that he is far from being objective. it is one in the set of lies pushed by milosevic regime. everyone else is guilty only serbians were right and victims, even though most of the war criminals tried in hague are serbs, even though serbs are one who have committed genocide against bosnians , and attacked slovenia, croatia,and bosnia all independent nations recognized by the un.breakup of yugoslavia was not avoidable because serbians did not want to release the grip their nationalism has put on federal yugoslav government, so slovenia, croatia, macedonia, and bosnia were forced to become independent nations in order to protect their interests.if you are interested in an objective documentary about breakup of yugoslavia, and fact led documentary this is not it . you should watch "yugoslavia:death of a nation", made by discovery channel and bbc.

before seeing this movie, please check out reviews available on the internet regarding the movie's falsification of events, particularly its prevarications regarding the widely accepted fact that 7-8,000 muslim men were bused out of srebrenica and shot by serbian paramilitaries. the documentarian also belongs to various pro-serbian american organizations. please watch this movie critically, and read reviews beforehand. most reviews argue that the documentarian takes his arguments too far, even if he raises questions that target the conventional wisdom regarding the war. a review in the nytimes by stephen holden states that it would be "inaccurate to label this documentary pro-serbian," but one should question both the presentation of facts, many of which are taken from reliable sources, and the omission of those facts that inculpate serbian forces. i do not advise against seeing this documentary, but i do caution you to examine it with an especially critical eye (as one should do at all times anyway).

don't watch this serbian documentary and serbian propaganda look out for this documentary and you will see facts and truth http://imdb.com/title/tt0283181/the death of yugoslavia documentary series (of five episodes) is a painstakingly compiled and researched account of the extended mass-bloodshed which marked the end of the old federal yugoslavia and spanned almost the entire first half of the 1990's. it includes a huge wealth of news footage and interviews with involved parties both "yugoslav" and otherwise. the only real "improvement" which could be made to this amazing achievement would be the inclusion of later developments in the balkans since the program was made. this was indeed done in the late 1990's for a repeat showing on bbc television, but the addition of some even more recent events would help to complete this admirably detailed and fulsome piece of work. perhaps another whole episode might be warranted? the very succinct title of this documentary was made all the more appropriate by the eventual abandonment of the term "yugoslavia" by the now-named federal republic of serbia and montenegro - a much belated and formal admission of that which occurred years before.not fiction like in "yugoslavia: the avoidable war (1999)"

first of all, i apologize for my english. everybody from ex-yugoslavia who isn't some extreme serbian radical will agree with me. this movie, shows serbian side, and only serbian side. no serbian crimes were represented. luckily, everyone can see that this movie was made by serbians, so there is no neutrality. all ''professionals'' who were interviewed are not professionals at all. some guy only read a book written by some radical serbian, the other one is genocide denier etc.etc.even slovenians were accused in this movie.and the whole war in slovenia lasted for few days, and only because slovenians were lucky.there weren't many serbs in slovenia, and yna couldn't reach slovenia trough croatia (after croatia-serbia war started). every slovenian is outraged by all accusations in this movie. every reasonable croat will agree with one thing: the independence was too early. perhaps all major conflicts could be avoided. however, mentioning wwii and some unrelated things was truly pathetic attempt to justify everything. just imagine japanese throwing nuclear bombs at seattle and washington, and saying that was justified by hiroshima and nagasaki. you will find no evidence about strangled yna soldier, and murdered serbian civilians near vukovar. but you can find the tape with reporter committing that his claims about serbian civilians near vukovar were lies. all over the internet. and the director forgot to mention the whole bombing of vukovar by yna (now on serbian and montenegro side-and 100% full of serbs and montenegrin) and let's not start about the chetnik movement. at the beginning, it was simply a resistance movement. but director somehow forgot to mention collaboration with the nazis, including ustashe, ethnic cleansing, and fighting again the yugoslav partisans. there are thousands of other things, but all of it can be easily checked. there are many misleading things in this movie. only few of all accusations are true. every croatian is outraged by this movie. i believe that i don't need to mention srebrenica genocide denial, the genocide that has too many evidence. imagine the movie about holocaust denial. this movie is the same. and according to this movie bosnian muslims in sarajevo bombed themselves. every bosnian muslim is outraged by this movie. somehow director forgot to mention the short occupation of small piece of macedonian (fyrom) land by the serbs. croatians, slovenians, bosnians, and macedonians never entered serbian borders. if you are not serbian and you actually started to believe some things from this movie, know that serbs have some kind of propaganda that croats, bosnian muslims, and macedonians are actually serbs who made up their history. so...even 50% of serbs will say that this movie is ''little'' extreme and pro-serbian. and serbian radicals are very, very pleased with this movie (there is about 40% serbs who vote for radicals).i think everyone understands my points in here. in this so called documentary is very little truth, and my advice to everyone is: inform yourself before watching this movie. after that, you will only laugh at all pathetic accusations.watch real, neutral documentaries about death of yugoslavia.

this movie lost me with the crossbow rpg (rocket-propelled grenade). it was like someone cut and pasted a scene from robocop. i half expected beowulf to say exclaim, "i like it!"i watched this because i like chris bruno from "the dead zone" tv show and he did his part. he chose a strange accent, but at least he kept it consistent for the whole movie -- unlike any of his costars. they kept slipping into all kinds of speech from old english to modern english, sometimes in the same sentence.there are already many comments on how this movie is different from the source material. however, even on its own, this movie's plot is not good. it's just boring, which even the low budget doesn't excuse. having a low budget means that you need to at least have a good story, dialog and decent acting. those things don't cost much. instead, they spent their money on half-assed cgi and some decent costumes and sets.life is too short to watch this movie.

why oh why can't anyone make a decent film out of a legendary tale? this is the second adaptation of "beowulf" i've been disappointed with in a year. but i have to say, the previous version ("beowulf & grendel", starring gerald butler) was far superior to this. that one was only a little disappointing. this one is a mess!!! what bugged me most? was it the useless plot elements they added in for no particular reason (human sacrifices? pointless love interest?), or the bad cgi, or the inconsistency of the characters or the uninspired acting? even worse was the way they made beautiful marina sirtis look so horrible!!! and lets not even talk about that ridiculous crossbow? and why did they continually remind us that beowulf had the strength of 30 men, and yet he never showed the slightest sign of such strength throughout the entire film. he was tossed around by both monsters he fought, relying on his sidekicks to save his bacon. even when he slugged the arrogant prince, he didn't knock him out. he was much too reliant on weapons. beo-wimp is more like it. this was certainly not the powerful beowulf of the epic poem! i'd like to end this on a positive note but i can't really think of one offhand. all i can say is, if you've ever read "beowulf", you'll be infinitely disappointed by this dismal, inaccurate excuse for an adaptation!

i just read a review defending this film because it had a low budget, now my take on things.the cgi monsters was reasonable well animated but was implemented in the worst possible way. the fight scenes weren't even fights it was just one shot of an actor then one shot of monster with very interaction at all. when the monster did interact it looked like it was done in paintshop pro. in my opinion if you have a low budget you should use models and puppets. they may not look as fancy but at least they interact, just look at peter jacksons early films.as for the acting beowulf did an descent job but the rest of the cast were either not trying or they forgot where they where.the script seemed confused to me. one minute they would be talking as if it were a modern day setting the next you get drama club shakespeare speech. i'm not say it should be all 'ye' and 'that it be' but you need to find a cohesive balance so the lines sound like they come from the same person.i did notice one part near the start when beowulf was quoting the old testament which would have been find had he not spent the rest of the films talking about the gods and portents.in short, this film is a very slightly polished turd, but a turn none the less.

just once i'd like to see a version of beowulf where it appears the screenwriters have at least a passing familiarity with the original poem. yet again, after watching this sci fi presentation, i'm disappointed. i'm not suggesting the writers need to understand and analyze the poem in old english, but i wish they could at least try to read a translation in modern english and attempt to construct a story based on what actually transpires. the story is exciting enough; why add plot elements that are non-existent and ruin the story? what's wrong with being faithful to the text? grendel is immune to weapons of any kind; why introduce some super-crossbow that is unbelievable and could not have possibly existed in this time period (as correctly pointed out by the previous reviewer)? the fight with grendel was beowulf vs. grendel. that's it. no one else took part in the battle. the only way beowulf could have defeated him was by choosing specifically to engage the monster without any weapons, the mistake made by all previous challengers. yet, in this version, danes and geats fight the beast and beowulf hacks off grendel's arm with a sword! again, why couldn't they portray what really happened? personally, i think a one-on-one grappling match between the two would be much more exciting. overall, this is a pathetic and abysmal depiction that is faithless to the true tale. why add in a pact with hrothgar and grendel's mother that includes sacrificial offering? why create extra characters, like finn, that add nothing to the story? there was no love story in the poem. they couldn't even set the scenes in the appropriate locations (a forest instead of the swamp and no lair under the lake). they fail to notice the metaphor that grendel's lair signifies – it's supposed to be underground to represent hell. why not instead center on the symbolism inherent in the epic poem? even my high school students last year were able to do immensely better when they created a short film based on beowulf, since they focused on the themes and symbolism underlying the story. if hollywood could create a film that centers on these elements and is faithful to the plot, then that would be a truly great movie.

where to begin? anachronism? high tech cross bow with a scope in about 500ad? arrows with explosive charges in 500ad? a monster grendel that looks like a robocop and obviously never interacts with any of the weapons fired or swung against him? the heart torn out of his victim's chest without any sense of contact? possibly the blond who would fit in on a recent fashion show with her make-up and streaked hair? the ancient danish court represented in classical greek style? the queen played by marina sirtis more savaged by her makeup artist than by madness? the effects are way too weak to carry this story. there are some stories that don't mind or even benefit from cheap effects, but this grendel isn't one of them. what about characters who seem to jump about in their attitudes without motivation? a bravado idiot prince whose home has already been savaged more than once by the monster grendel seems to have less respect for the danger he faces than beowulf who was sent from afar from the land of the geats to help the desperate danes. in this it feels more like an old cowboy western than any kind of myth.beowulf is an ancient tale from an era with almost no literary tradition and much of both its sentiment and its drama is obscure. i suspect that any modern telling which doesn't make an intelligent attempt to penetrate the obscurity must fail. i didn't love the recent "beowulf and grendel" which sees grendel essentially as human and sees hrothgar and his danes as too arrogant and stupid to recognize grendel's attacks as well-justified vengeance, but i had to respect its revisionist position that hrothgar's danes were a bunch of macho thugs who never grasped, even after it was all over, that they had brought this nightmare on themselves, and therefore, the original story of beowulf, as it was written, was a misrepresentation of the real story. i think there's a more complex meaning to be understood than that, but this "grendel's" terrible secret that grendel's attacks are tied to previous human sacrifice doesn't really bring us closer to the shame experienced by hrothgar and the danes. this beowulf has little to recommend it as traditional myth or as modern fantasy. i give it a 4: higher than it deserves, but always hopeful that a poor effort will draw attention by someone who is up to telling the story intelligently. in the meantime, sci-fi's movie-making seems to be following the nasa policy that it's better to build lots of probes that fail than a few that succeed.

corridors of time. the movie you can watch if you're looking for a sophisticated way of suicide. some use guns, ropes, or gas, but you want to ruin your brains ? do not wait any longer ! corridors of time is probably one of the biggest possible mistakes : thinking christian clavier is able to act and to bring you fun. i do not miss the 45 francs this poor thing cost me : sometimes, one has to reset its evaluation system looking at the absolute zero. this film deserves a 2/10, but that's only because i like jean reno. too bad for him, he also stars in ronin. i think i'm gonna dislike him...

after the reasonably successful masti which was tad better inder kumar returned again with a comedy pyaare mohan based on the hollywood film see no evil, hear no evil the film reminds you of hum hai kamaal ke(1994) where kader and anupam play the blind and deafthis movie is a tedious exercisethe film has jokes of such nonsense that you don't feel like laughing like snehal dabi's head getting stuck in the back of the horse and all those type comedies which we don't laugh at now but mock the film starts off in a clichéd manner and some scenes are funny sadly such moments don't last long as the story never moves in this half even the comedy gets boring the twist is well handled and the second half becomes an action film where the blind guy and the deaf go to rescue the heroines and we have all ott chase scenes and fight scenesdirection by inder kumar is bad music is okay, one song stands out i love you my angelvivek is awful in the comic scenes, his timing is very bad and is okay in serious scenes for some reason he keeps doing comedy and ruined his career fardeen khan is tad better but too wooden amongst the rest esha and amrita are the heroines boman irani annoys here snehal dabbi is okay

this movie is even a big step down form the typical fare dished out by bollywood. the performances were horrible. even boman irani, who always manages to shine, goes completely ott as the villain. the soundtrack is not memorable either. and in spite trying hard, the female leads don't manage to be "sexy". vivek oberoi is capable of far better projects while fardeen khan seems to be stuck in similar fare for the time being. but this monstrosity is even beneath his limited capabilities as an actor. esha deol and amrita rao are horrible in badly written cliché roles. it's high time for indra kumar to hang up his directorial hat. hope he never directs another eyesore like this. future of hindi movies are in better hands now. to sum it up, stay far away from waste of celluloid.

dil was a memorable movie that bring to the celluloid a great director like indra kumar. the movie followed with beta, ishq, raja & masti all of whom were superb.but then every successful director gives a few horrible movies alongwith some hits too. pyare mohan is one such movie.though the comedies are told nicely but then they fail the viewer to laugh. comparing with the kind of comedy movies being made today this is a dumb.if you really want to watch a movie and laugh, please don't watch this. because the pathetic comedy will make you cry only.in short, the movie is worth a miss.

this was director von stroheim's third effort - it is quite crude and shows none of the exceptional flair for the camera and editing mastery he would display a few years later with his masterworks, greed and the wedding march. essentially we have a trio of grifters, masquerading as a russian count and two russian princesses who have rented a villa in monte carlo. their aim is to use counterfeit money at the gambling tables and win a fortune. part of that plan is for the count (von stroheim) to insinuate himself between a visiting american ambassador and his "foolish" wife, wooing her and hoping to gain some money by playing on her weaknesses. he makes the mistake of also taking the life savings of the maid, whom he has promised to marry. when she sees them together, she sets fire to the room, (von stroheim and his prey are on the room's balcony). here von stroheim first establishes his persona as "the man you love to hate." he is thoroughly bad and his character flaws eventually bring him to a very bad and deserved end. the film is crude in its cinematography and editing and not worth seeing unless you are fascinated by the director. there is a cute bit- when he first attempts to meet the ambassador's wife, she is reading a book - we see the title - foolish wives by erich von stroheim. this was originally envisioned as a 210 minute film, cut down to 140 minutes by the studio and finally released at 70 minutes. the restoration on kino video restores surviving footage (damaged in some way in most scenes) from the alternate earlier version to give us a 107 minute print.

three russian aristocrats soak up the decadence of monte carlo, despite the fact they are down to their last franc. in order to support their lavish lifestyle, the three use the services of a counterfeiter, and use the notes at the casinos, hoping to exchange the bogus currency for a jackpot. andrew hughes, a us envoy, arrives at monaco with his wife helen, and the three decide to make pals with the visitors, hoping for financial assistance. one of the three russians, count sergius karamzin, plans to go further, with continuous advance towards helen, while disappointing the count's maid, who loves sergius. eventually, circumstances play their hand against the three aristocrats. its obvious that von stroheim was trying to convey a message (with the foolishness of american women and the improper behaviors of the aristocrats), rather than tell a story, and the film really can bore modern audiences, like me, easily by doing that. even the acting, which is great in later evs like greed and the wedding march, is just run of the mill here. the film could have used improvements on various levels. rating, 3.

this movie is like the material s.e. hinton was writing in the 1970s and copola was adapting to the screen in the early 80s, and, had trueblood actually been a product of either, the results might've been much better (especially in the acting department). instead, we get a rather so-bad-its-funny piece of mediocrity.jeff fahey plays ray trueblood, a former street rumbler, i suppose is the accurate description. this was in the days of action movies that used guys in their 40s and mid30s and dressed them up in greaser threads or some kind of more effeminate selection of gang garb and they fought to lousy 80s music. nonetheless, ray is the lone caretaker of his younger brother, donny (chad lowe in a part where he screams a lot), who he is forced to leave behind inexplicably in a train station when, on the run from the cops, he is nabbed and forced to serve time in the marines. flash forward to present day and ray is back in town and looking for his brother who has also become part of the street gangs, although in a gang that was ray's adversary and now old scores must be violently settled (and again, cops must be dodged and this time, a lady's honor defended in the action film sense) before ray can carry on life at normal pace with his brother, donny.for the most part, the film is quite ridiculous. for me, most of this has to do with far too much overacting, although not by fahey or sherlyn fenn who plays the waitress he befriends. the guys in the gang and lowe himself seem to do quite a bit of needless exaggerated as new york street toughs. although, the bigger hang up is recycled plot lines and perhaps a kind of movie that was well past its prime as a product of 1989.

why do movie makers always go against the author's work? i mean, yes, things have to be condensed for the sake of viewer interest, but look at anne of green gables. they did a wonderful job of combining important events into a cohesive whole that was simply delightful. i can't believe that they chose to combine three novels together for anne of avonlea into such a dreadful mess. look at all they missed out on by doing that . . . paul irving, little elizabeth, the widows, windy poplars . . . and anne's college years, for heaven's sake!!! wouldn't it have been delightful to meet priscilla and all the rest of the redmond gang? kevin sullivan should have taken things one movie at a time, instead of jumbling them all together and combining characters and events the way he did. this movie was good, if you leave the novels out of it!! but l.m. montgomery's beautiful work is something that should not be denied. this movie was a let down after seeing the successful way he brough anne of green gables to life.

we faw down aspect ratio: 1.33:1sound format: silent(black and white - short film)stan 'n' ollie get mixed up with a couple of floozies (kay deslys and vera white) after setting out to visit a theatre which burns down in their absence! needless to say, their tyrannical wives (vivien oakland and bess flowers) are not amused...leo mccarey's ok comedy laid the narrative framework for william seiter's masterpiece sons of the desert (1934), with l&h playing brow-beaten victims of circumstance, forced to tell a monstrous lie which backfires in spectacular fashion. much of it is very funny, especially the scene in which stan is teased by deslys, leading to a violent game of push and shove. however, some of the fun is undercut by oakland and flowers, playing their roles completely straight, which adds an element of unpleasantness to the 'henpecked husband' scenario. originally released in the uk as we slip up.

this is one of those topics i can relate to a little more than most people as i hate noise & have no idea how those in big cities, new york especially how people get any sleep at all! it astounds me that people can stand all the noise out there these days. the basic plot of the film is that it makes for an interesting topic. it's too bad that's about it. tim robbbins is decent although except for a couple of scenes (especially with the absolute supermodel looking margarita leiveva) he didn't seem to really be altogether there. my biggest hope for this film is that casting agents will see the absolutely stunning & talented actress to boot, margarita levieva. she doesn't have a lot to do, but she is supermodel beautiful. even when they are trying to make her look at more girl next door. it makes me sad that there can be people such as paris hilton & kim kardashian in the world w/no redeemable skills or talent, to have more fame and success than this talented beauty. i didn't care for much of this film because the script isn't very good, but am glad i got to see some new talent. i hope that producers & directors think about margarita when they need a beautiful new actress to be in there big budget film. if they can make megan fox a star (c'mon she isn't that hot, & her acting "talent" is worse than made-for disney channel tv shows) from 1 film, it should happen easily for her, as she is gorgeous & has talent! i'd recommend her changing her last name so we can pronounce it and make it more marketable. here's hoping this makes her career, & if there is any justice she can pop up on some big summer movie or two in the next couple years.

what "noise" fails to do is get us to understand its character. tim robbins plays an obsessive new yorker who can't deal with the obtrusive noises of the city any longer, particularly car alarms. it's an odd idea for a film, which has about as much creative credibility as "death wish." it is clever at points; particularly a scene in which our hero is trying to read through hagel, "i'm too stupid to be understanding this." he reads and rereads a paragraph in confusion, we read it and don't get it either.just then a car alarm goes off. throughout the movie is constant interference of alarms and city noises. though, all in all it does little to help us understand our hero, who allows this all to ruin his marriage and gets distracted with side plots instead of digging deeper-into his persona. the film-making itself is too oblivious to notice its own sound problems, shoddy editing, and visible boom mikes. no, "noise" isn't all-bad. william hurt is at least colorful. at least the ending doesn't fall flat. overall it drives home a logistical point, one you haven't probably thought of. at least i hadn't. though all in all, ninety minutes long, it couldn't have ended sooner. the story dragged on and seemed to be lost as soon as it started.this is another one of those movies that you might see at a film festival, but probably won't get picked up for distribution. check it out on dvd if you're really partial to someone involved in the project. otherwise skip it.

i've been using imdb for a few years now, but have never written any reviews before. however, this movie so disappointed me (even with a modest score of 6.4 at the time of writing) that i couldn't keep quiet anymore.noise is the story of a new yorker (tim robbins)who is so perturbed by noise pollution that he takes on an alter-ego as a as a vigilante, "the rectifier", and vandalizes any cars he finds with a car-alarm sounding.i take the name of the movie to be somewhat of a misnomer. although there are one or two instances of other sources of noise being addressed or mentioned, the only true focus of our protagonist is car alarms. car alarms, car alarms, car alarms. there is really no other focus. when the movie tries to tie other examples of noise pollution to the problem of car alarms, it seems to be just thrown in to give merit to the actions of robbins' character. yes, we're all annoyed by noise. nobody likes the sound of car alarms. of course we all have that internal urge to take a baseball bat to a shrieking vehicle, and this movie uses that fact, and pretty much that fact alone, to sell this movie. i say 'pretty much' because there is also a blatantly contrived sexual relationship (including a completely needless threesome) which is obviously thrown in for those movie-goers who need such things thrown in in order to enjoy a movie. honestly, it's eye-rolling.robbin's character, very shortly into the movie, becomes completely unrelatable. it seems less that he decides not to put up with the noise anymore, and more that by focusing so much on the noise he has begun to lose his sanity. the first half of the movie is essentially the story of how he turns from just an angry, car-bashing dude into this hero of the little guy, the rectifier. however... the transformation doesn't take place. he just renames himself.i could go on for a while. annoying generalized social commentary comes in every now and then to add to the pretentiousness of the movie, and the self-satisfied smirk which never quite leaves robbins face doesn't help either. overall, i think it's very obvious what this movie is trying to be, as it's pretty much shoved down your throat, but in my opinion, it fails in a big way. just one guy's opinion, cheers.

mirror. mirror (1990) is a flat out lame movie. why did i watch movies like this when i was younger? who knows? maybe i was one for punishing myself by watching one terrible movie after another. i don't know, i guess i needed a hobby during my teen years. a teenage outcast (rainbow harvest) seeks solace in an old mirror. soon she learns about the horrific power this antique mirror has and uses it to strike out against those who have wronged her. movies like these, the power giver has a nasty side effect. this one changes her inside and out if she likes it or not.a mess of a movie that for some reason was restored on d.v.d. a few years back. i don't know why. they should have left it on the shelf and collect dust. people love this movie foe some reason. if you do i would like to know why. until then i dislike this movie and i have no reason to ever watch it again.not recommended at all.

i got mirror mirror mainly because yvonne de carlo was in it (i thought she was great in american gothic) but sadly she didn't have a very big role in this film. it starts off ok and the pace moves along nicely...but by the end it starts getting a bit tedious and dull. that's not to say that this is a boring film, but it's just very average and nothing spectacular. i didn't like the "posession" side of it and there were no decent gore scenes. plus the 'main' story was very confusing and the ending doesn't make much sense at all. i did however like the story surrounding the gothic girl and how she got revenge on her tormentors.i wouldn't particularly recommend mirror mirror to horror fans - it's nothing to wet yourself over.

`in the tradition of 'carrie' and 'heathers'? try `a shameless ripoff of not only those two films, but 'the evil dead' and 'the shining' as well.' that said, they really don't make bad horror movies like this anymore, and that's a shame, 'cause it's a gas.rainbow harvest is the winona substitute here, and although she barely does more than mumble her lines (and occasionally scream, `you're ugly!!!' into her haunted mirror), she's goth way before it's fashionable, so you have to respect her. (and she's quite creative about it too, accessorizing with black leather scarves and a kind of black-spray-painted hawaiian-punch-guy hat. eat your heart out, cher.)karen black overacts a bit, but she's not totally without dignity, and you can't help but sympathize with her. (unless you're a certain friend of mine, who asked, `who is that, horse lips from 'm.a.s.h'?' the first time she came onscreen.)there are decent supporting performances by kristin dattilo (as the square chick who befriends rainbow), ricky paull goldin (in his trademarked wisecracking hunk role), and william `larry, darryl and darryl' sanderson (as some kind of pet undertaker, or something). but it's sad to see the once smokin' yvonne decarlo reduced to playing what can only be thought of as the charlotte rae part.the eighties were the heyday for hilarious, mindbogglingly dumb horror movies like this, and `mirror, mirror' was one of the last of its kind. definitely worth a look.

a typical goth chick (rainbow harvest looking like a cross between winona ryder in beetlejuice and boy george) gets even with people she feels have wronged her with the help of an old haunted mirror that she finds in the new house she and her mom (horror mainstay, karen black, the only remotely good thing about this travesty) buy. the acting's pretty laughably bad (especially when rainbow interacts with the aforementioned mirror) and there are no scares or suspense to be had. this film inexplicably spawned thus for 3 sequels each slightly more atrocious than the last. people looking for a similarly themed, but far superior cinematic endeavor would be well advised to just search out the episode of "friday the 13th: the series" where a geeky girl finds an old cursed compact mirror. that packs more chills in it's scant 40 minutes than this whole franchise has provided across it's 4 films.my grade: d eye candy: charlie spradling provides the obligatory t&a

another priyadarshan/vohra flick another movie that was seen for tp rather than actual desire, the only reason i did see this movie was the fact that the regulars were not there in this movie (akshay paresh and many others), but needless to say i had low expectations from this movie.i was happy with the casting in general except, rajpal yadav who once again annoys to no limit, he does however extract some laughs, but these were those standard slapstick non-original jokes, in fact this whole movie is like playing the dhol, i mean it takes hardly any talent to make loud noise, or even play the odd good beat on the dhol for a small time does it?? its only those who can carry different beats in a nice sequential manner, for an extended period who are considered great.which brings us to the other instrument, the dumroo hardly requires any talent, it has no variations, and it may be enjoyable for a while the monkey dances (hmm sounds like rajpal yadav, good analogy), but its not a instrument that will entertain you for long or even get you dancing like the dhol does.this movie was like the dhol and the dumroo being played, sometimes the dhol was played sometimes the dumroo, sometimes both together, but mostly the dumroo played alone and the monkey danced. and like any 24 year old sooner than later i got bored.the movie has some good dhol (good) moments but after a while all i heard was the annoying dumroo (entertaining initially, then tolerable then irritating), the large ordinary parts really ensure this movie is mainly good for a few funny clips on "mere bhains ko anda kyun mara" (if you haven't watched it watch it on filmy, it comes in the evenings and is really quite funny).this movie had its moments, the actors did a fine job, except rajpal yadav (who can act though, i've seen him in main meri patni…) who annoys more than entertains, i've said it many time and i'll say it again i really think sharman joshi and tushar kapoor have a fine career ahead of them in the multi-star comedies especially.some scenes were really funny such as the aborted attempts to impress the girls father, the zany attempts to woo the girl and take her away from each other.but after this was over there was a failed attempt to make this movie into much more with a mystery added, this mean that once the girl was in, the following 45-60 mins was increasingly torturous, the climax was "so bad its almost good category", i mean what were they thinking if you had to have tense ending at least make some attempt to make it palatable.the movie is also extremely predictable, there's hardly a scene you cant predict and you wont be breaking into spontaneous burst of laughter here, its more like you see it coming and almost start laughing before the gag.the movie follows a gradual decline throughout the movies except for the odd bump, down or up, and then rapidly tumbles downhill once they have made friends with the girl.most of the really bad scenes were towards the end, one the movie tries to be more than a run of the mill comedy, also many of the jokes were very very stale and reeked of repetition, the last 10-15 was especially distatefull and completely spoils this movie.i didn't find tanushree datta quite the siren she was to play, and her acting talent is in serious question, especially in view of her non-appealing looks, if you cant be a hot and cant act how much time can you survive.technically also this movie was weak, with the constant female gaze and shoddy lighting and camera-work.the songs except the title track were no good either, when the songs played in the 2nd half i could feel the collective gasp from the audience.in all a movie that's just ordinary merely because of the cast, and the very low expectations.avoiding it wont be a bad idea.and if it has to be watched watching it on tv for free or a very cheap matinée or something is a must, if you pay full multiplex rates you will feel disappointed.-s lots of stale jokes, rajpal yadav, last 45 mins and last 15 mins especially, bad technically, bad songs.+/-s tries to be more than what it was, not the regular cast (i'm happier for it), tanushree datta.+s some good scenes towards the beginning,title song, good acting and cast except ry.total 4.5/10 (i'm trying to be objective here, i don't like rajpal yadav or tanushree datta and this movie did meet my very low expectations, so i'm giving it the benefit of all doubts, on absolute terms this movie was not more than a 4)

the movie starts with a nice song looks like a thriller, with arbaaz khan walking around in a suspicious way but then suddenly we are forced to a comedy with the routine stupid idiots like golmaal with tusshar, sharman, kunal and rajpal acting like grown up kids their scenes are quite funny first and then get boring there is a bored sub plot of tanushree's brother being killed towards the end the film tries to get serious with the villain kidnapping our heroes but here it gets even stupid then a lengthy bashing bashing climax straight out of hera pheri and wait, there is also a long chase in payal's housethe film is so boring that it makes you fall asleepdirection by priyan is very bad music(pritam) is routine except the first songcinematography is bad, the film has a cheap look throughoutrajpal yadav is good in his 1st scene where he goes to pay his rent and i was happy that the actor isn't loud and over the top like other films but no, he becomes his usual self and gets irritating most of the times tusshar should not speak in a film, his dial delivery is terrible sharman is the saving grace, he is the sole actor who acts very well in this film kunal khemmu tries hard in his first comic film as an adult, but doesn't impress much tanushree is bad as always arbaaz khan gets less scope and is usual payal is a non actress murli sharma is terrible

priyadarshan- whenever a person heard his name, his first thought would be 'comedy'. that is what this man is known for, or rather, was known for. after giving stupendous blockbuster comedies like hungama, hera pheri and hunchul, his train derailed slowly with movies like chupke chupke and a few others whose names i can't recollect for now. now with hideous films like dhol, the first word that would strike our mind after hearing his name would be- 'torture'.dhol is a mixture of bad, unfunny toilet jokes, somewhat of drama, poor suspense and idiocracy. the only good thing about dhol was one or two of the scenes which were funny, though not witty, and secondly, except for kunal khemu and the hysterical grandma, the acting was decent. speaking of the acting, i felt that rajpal yadav and sharman joshi were at the top (if you compare them with the others in the movie), then came tusshar kapoor, then tanushree and at the last the two idiots mentioned above. the flaw in kunal khemu was that he was loud in his jokes and even in his acting. the grandma, firstly resembled a ghost, plus she was not funny at all but rather silly.the plot was the same, seen before one. four boys behind girls and in need of money, but with a few twists. there is a 'bad' man who is preposterously stupid and dumb. and at last, the good wins over the bad and everything is fine. the idea of having a dhol with a tone full of cash in it is simply not witty.the worst thing about the movie is its length. after an hour or so, you get exhausted and want to leave the theater. but being a critic, it is my responsibility to tolerated the whole two and half hours of the movie. the movie goes on and on and the same kind of jokes are repeated again and again and the situations are perennial just at a different place.if your mother-in-law has arrived to your house and starts mocking you at everything, then send her for this movie and have fun. 3 out of 10.

this is your typical priyadarshan movie--a bunch of loony characters out on some silly mission. his signature climax has the entire cast of the film coming together and fighting each other in some crazy moshpit over hidden money. whether it is a winning lottery ticket in malamaal weekly, black money in hera pheri, "kodokoo" in phir hera pheri, etc., etc., the director is becoming ridiculously predictable. don't get me wrong; as clichéd and preposterous his movies may be, i usually end up enjoying the comedy. however, in most his previous movies there has actually been some good humor, (hungama and hera pheri being noteworthy ones). now, the hilarity of his films is fading as he is using the same formula over and over again.songs are good. tanushree datta looks awesome. rajpal yadav is irritating, and tusshar is not a whole lot better. kunal khemu is ok, and sharman joshi is the best.

a battleship is sinking... its survivors, hanging onto a nearby liferaft, sit there doing nothing while we go into each of their minds for a series of long flashbacks.even though noel coward's name is the only one that you notice during the credits, everything that's cinematic in it is because of lean. and on technical terms, its very good. david lean just knew films from the get-go. there are many moments where coward's studied dialogue takes a second seat and lean's visual sense takes centre stage. try the soldiers getting off the ship near the end, and that whole scene; the tracking shot towards the hymn singing, the scene where we're inside a house that gets bombed.noel coward is one of the worst actors i've ever seen. he's totally wooden, not displaying emotion, character or humanity. you can see it in his eyes that he's not really listening to what the other performer is saying, he's just waiting for them to finish so he can rush out his own line.7/10.its episodic, a bit repetitive, and the flashbacks overwhelm the story: there's no central story that they advance, just give general insights into the characters. still, its an interesting film worth a watch - and a good debut for lean. its not a very deep or penetrating film, and its definitely a propaganda film, but its also a showcase for lean's editing skills - its all about how the pieces are put together.

noel coward,a witty and urbane man,was friends with louis mountbatten.mr coward,a long-time admirer of all things naval,was commissioned to write a story loosely based on the loss of mountbatten's ship.in a peculiarly british way it was considered that a film about the royal navy losing an encounter at sea would be good propaganda.it was also considered a good idea to have mr coward play the part of the ship's captain.amang the many qualities needed to command a fighting ship,the ability to speak in a very clipped voice and sing sophisticated "point" songs does not come very high up the list at admiralty house,or at least one would hope not.a captain must earn and retain the respect of the wardroom and the lower deck alike. mr coward might have had the respect of the gentlemen of the chorus at drury lane and binkie beaumont might have been terrified of him but his ability to tame,mould and direct a ship's crew in wartime must be brought into question.he folds himself languorously around the bridge,patronising the other ranks and barking orders at the officers,he only needed a silk dressing gown and a cigarette holder to seem right at home. much is made of the "warship as a microcosm of british society"theme,and the crew largely comprises of the usual cheery cockneys,canny northerners etc.without whom no war can be fought.they spend most of their time on board smoking,moaning about lord haw haw and getting blown up. never mind,there's plenty more where they came from.once ashore they go straight to the pub where they spend most of their time smoking,moaning about lord haw haw and getting blown up .by contrast mr coward lives in a dream cottage with a rose covered door somewhere very quiet with very little chance of getting blown up.he,his lady wife and their two rosy cheeked cherubs converse in ludicrously convoluted tones and said lady wife spends much of her time knitting things for the poor unfortunates who comprise his crew and who she refers to by their surnames.that nice young master johnny mills has a prominent role as a completely unbelievable lower deck type who worships mr coward in much the same way as a thrashed dog will worship its master.he marries his girlfriend after kissing her on the cheek,presumably on the grounds that she might be pregnant after such unfettered passion. so yes,we do have a microcosm of british society here,but perhaps not in the way the makers of "in which we serve" intended. at the end mr coward gets one last chance to patronise his men as the few survivors shuffle past him,"goodbye edwards,it was a privilege to sail with you"he enunciates as if he was reciting "how now brown cow". it may have been david lean's feature debut,but the hand of noel coward looms large right across this picture.he was a funny and clever man,better suited to writing waspish plays about poor little rich girls and boys interspersed with the occasional wry song.he had a talent to amuse,no doubt,but he could neither write nor speak convincing dialogue. being noel coward was a full-time job,he had no time to be a real person.

wow. what a terrible adaptation of a beautiful novel. here are just a few gripes. - the screenwriter eliminated two major characters from the book. - plot has been grotesquely altered. - voiceovers sound as if they were directly lifted from written passages (which may read well but are not the same when spoken, especially with chabon's writing style). - the acting is more wooden than a log cabin. (esp. bechstein) - this is supposed to be set in 1983??? feels more like 2003... to be fair i couldn't bring myself to finish watching this movie, so it's possible that it redeemed itself... (sarcasm). i truly hope that no one paid to see this, or at least anyone who read the book hoping for something decent (a la wonder boys). i like chabon as a writer but he should be ashamed of this adaptation.no stars.

...they bothered making this movie? anyone? i didn't think so.if you are looking for a coming-of-age movie, go rent summer of '42. this is no summer of '42.when your big stars are nolte & sarsgaard, & sarsgaard gets more screen time, that is your first warning sign and, of course, for such an "artsy" movie, there is plenty of cursing & skin flung around, just to make it look "artsy".sarsgaard did his usual uninteresting, cardboard character, punctuated by moments that were supposed to be intense. the intensity is that of someone with bi-polar disorder.miller is most famous for her looks & what she had to say about the city of pittsburgh after this movie. pittsburgh should hold a grudge against her. she misrepresented an actual pittsburgh native.foster gave sarsgaard a run for his money in the cardboard acting style. wow! was this his first role after high school graduation?so, we have this weird triangle. foster has a crush on miller, but is with his boss/girlfriend. he can't take miller to bed, & won't take his boss to bed. so, he hangs with sarsgaard & miller, & watches them get it on.then, after one of sarsgaard's pseudo-intense moments, foster & miller get it on, a scene that we are "treated" to in every sloppy, moaning detail. finally, just to round it all out, foster & sarsgaard get it on, with foster in the miller role. now i know how 2 guys get it on (as if that was ever anything i needed to know).after all that, all that's left is the tragic ending for one character & the retrospective views of the remaining 2. it gets me right in the pit of my stomach. oh, wait! that was the pepperoni pizza i just had.i'd like back the time this movie took out of my life, please.

a friend of mine gave me this movie. a friend of mine is now in a hospital were a team of doctors are trying to surgically remove a dvd casing from his ***. i got quit excited by the prospects of an other michael chabon movie. after all his novels have brought me much entertainment and previous screenplay adaptations were great, but boy, was i wrong.first off the people that did the casting must have been asleep whilst doing so. i imagine the castings went something like this. "tell me, do you like fish?" "yes i enjoy fish very much." "wonder full, you're hired. have some money." than there is the script. i have read chabon, who i hope went blind before he could see this piece of dong, and it has absolutely nothing to do with his novel. i'm not quit sure why it annoyed me like it did, but it might have something to do with the fact that listening to a speech impaired 90 year old drunk duck hunter with a right cranial lobe dysfunction would have been a treat in comparison to the one-liners these 2nd degree model massacre kids spat out.this is an actual line from the movie; "if you tell me something that you've never said out loud to anyone before, than this moment becomes unique!" unique? does it? does it really? off course not you plank. please pass me the imodium. i'll have a whole ****ing strip. the directing is... well. i've got nothing. maybe rawson marshall thurber just got word his grandmother exploded or something. stick to directing comedies. no stick to directing commercials. this movie is so horrible it left me banging my head against a wall so hard it brought me back to the stone age. i give it 2 stars because i don't wanna be the guy that watched a 1 star movie.

based on the novel by michael chabon, the mysteries of pittsburgh is about the young son of a notorious gangster who spends his last teenage summer roaming around with two friends. the year is 1983, and young art bechstein (jon foster) is at a crossroads. completely opposed to his father's lifestyle, art plans to become a stockbroker. visually contrived with painful attempts to create beautiful hip indie cinematography, the whole film feels like the director - whose previous effort dodgeball was funny if outright commercial - is desperately seeking indie credibility by cobbling together aspects of other indie films but sprinkling it with stars like mena suvari, sienna miller and nick nolte. like so many of the star-laden premieres at sundance this year it felt like this was a secrety studio-sponsored vanity project to help the director earn some indie credibility points - it failed in that respect and as a film in its own right.

i am quite a fan of novelist/screenwriter michael chabon. his novel "wonder boys" became a fantastic movie by curtis hanson. his masterful novel "the amazing adventures of kavalier and clay" won the pulitzer prize a few years back, and he had a hand in the script of "spider man 2", arguably the greatest comic book movie of all time.director rawson marshall thurber has also directed wonderful comedic pieces, such as the gut-busting "dodgeball" and the genius short film series "terry tate: office linebacker". and with a cast including peter saarsgard, sienna miller, nick nolte and mena suvari, this seems like a no-brainer.it is. literally.jon foster stars as art bechstein, the son of a mobster (nolte) who recently graduated with a degree in economics. jon is in a state of arrested development: he works a minimum wage job at book barn, has a vapid relationship with his girlfriend/boss, phlox (suvari), which amounts to little more than copious amounts of sex, with no plans other than to chip away at a career for which he has zero passion.one night at a party, an ex-roommate introduces jon to jane (miller), a beautiful, smart violinist. later that night they go out for pie, and she asks jon a question that begins to shake him from his catatonic state of existence, "i want you to tell me something that you have never told a single soul. if you do, it will make this night indelible." jon then tells her a reoccurring dream of his in which he wanders about town looking at the faces of strangers passing him by, yet none of them look him in the eye. "i imagine it must be what death feels like," he says.the next day jane's wild boyfriend cleveland (saarsgard) kidnaps jon from work and takes him out to a hulking abandoned steel mill, and soon jon, cleveland and jane are spending every waking moment together going to punk rock concerts, doing drugs and drinking lots of alcohol. this doesn't sit well with phlox, who pushes jon for a more personal relationship, namely letting her meet his new friends and his father. the film then attempts to take us on jon's journey as he shakes off the shackles imposed on him by his father, phlox and his dead-end job as he finds freedom and expression through his relationships with cleveland and jane.there is a problem having us follow jon throughout the film: he's completely uninteresting. he has no ambitions, passions or goals. he walks through life like the invisible wraith he described to jane the night they met. at the outset this isn't a problem. but he never gets any more interesting. he's a completely passive character. he simply follows along the bohemian cleveland and jane, but he never once gives us any inkling as to what he cares about or wants to to do with himself.consequently, the film and its supporting characters have nowhere to go and little to do other than party, have sex and get in arguments. in other words, much ado about nothing. what we have here is the shallow skin of a good movie without anything on the inside. sweeping cinematography, ponderous voice-over with characters staring off into the distance, lots of sex scenes both straight and gay, big arguments, more angry sex, a chase scene and a tragic death... but it doesn't seem to matter. ironically, at one point jane, confused at a number of jon's aimless actions, asks him, "what's going on, jon? what is this all about?" yes, jon, do tell. we in the audience are dying to know, too.the title "the mysteries of pittsburgh" must refer to the characters themselves, because that's what they are. they are all facades, one-dimensional stand-ins for actual people. the film never lets us in. we never know what makes any of them tick. we see them do lots of things, but we don't know why. and the absence of "why" is one of the worst things a movie can have.

cecil b. demille's 1922 parlor-to-prison tearjerker manslaughter finds the lovely leatrice joy as a good-at-heart but decadent young lady with more money than she knows what to do with. her recklessness leads to imprisonment, which in turn leads to her regeneration. thomas meighan is the crusading district attorney who has made it his personal crusade to bring out the goodness and wholesomeness in lydia (joy) but he gets sidetracked by alcohol and once she is released, it is up to her to rescue him!if the plot doesn't sound too bad, you'll be floored by the woeful presentation. the quality of demille's direction is very low, and he does not show any particular skill that is unique to him. the photography is standard and flat, and the editing is hardly more dynamic. one could easily classify it as a fashion show and be pretty correct. demille gets to dress miss joy up in so many different types of clothes (evening gowns, golfing costumes, motoring costumes, piles of furs) that it's subtitle could be 'fashions of 1922'one thing more disappointing than the photography or editing or the direction is the acting, which is mostly flat and wooden. when it is not, it is merely routine silent gesturing, rolling eye balls, twitching eye brows and deliberate pointing and arm movements. what would have been enlivened for modern viewers by mugging and scene chewing of some of the worst silent films, is here merely dull to watch. the only member of the cast who succeeds in any form of excellence is lois wilson, who is not only beautiful but is able to play her role naturally. she is convincing and endearing in tearful close-ups, as long as you don't read the moralizing title card that follows once she opens her mouth to speak. like i said, everybody else is droningly routine, joy, meighan, even julia faye. her performance here makes a good argument for why she never attained true stardom.the worst and most amusing part of this movie is the heavy moralistic tone that carries through all of it. meighan's character has plenty of intertitles where he drones on about how the youth of america is declining in it's moral stance, and going right back to the decadence of rome. (insert absurd flashback) this movie's moralizing has been described as victorian, but it's further than that. it has so little bearing in reality that i have a feeling audiences at that time didn't take it any more seriously than modern viewers could.this movie is exactly what the unknowing tend to think of as a 'typical' silent movie, with it's archaic moral structure, wooden acting and bad direction. demille shows that he could be a terrible director, with no sense of pacing, camera placement, or skill in handling either script or actors. i can't imagine anybody in their right mind taking it seriously. boring, slow and idiotic, i recommend it to hardcore silent movie dorks like myself only.

i have been a huge lynn peterson fan ever since her breakthrough role in the 1988 blockbuster movie "far north", and even though i loved her in her one other film "slow" (2004) where she plays "francis", this is by far and away her strongest role.lynn, as i'm sure you all know (or should), plays the critical role of "driver".unfortunately, other than lynn's amazing performance, i'm afraid this movie doesn't really have much going for it.oh wait - there was one other thing - the amazing creativity of the editing to remove profanity for tv viewers. memorable lines like: "you son-of-a-gun!", "you son-of-a-witch!", "shoot!", and "well, forget you!"o.k. bye.p.s.: does anyone know where i can get another lynn peterson poster?

of all the films i have seen, this one, the rage, has got to be one of the worst yet. the direction, logic, continuity, changes in plot-script and dialog made me cry out in pain. "how could anyone come up with something so crappy"? gary busey is know for his "b" movies, but this is a sure "w" movie. (w=waste).take for example: about two dozen fbi & local law officers surround a trailer house with a jeep wagoneer. inside the jeep is ma and is "confused" as to why all the cops are about. within seconds a huge gun battle ensues, ma being killed straight off. the cops blast away at the jeep with gary and company blasting away at them. the cops fall like dominoes and the jeep with gary drives around in circles and are not hit by one single bullet/pellet. ma is killed and gary seems to not to have noticed-damn that guy is tough. truly a miracle, not since the six-shooter held 300 bullets has there been such a miracle.

how has this piece of crap stayed on tv this long? it's terrible. it makes me want to shoot someone. it's so fake that it is actually worse than a 1940s sci-fi movie. i'd rather have a stroke than watch this nonsense. i remember watching it when it first came out. i thought, hey this could be interesting, then i found out how absolutely, insanely, ridiculously stupid it really was. it was so bad that i actually took out my pocket knife and stuck my hand to the table.please people, stop watching this and all other reality shows, they're the trash that is jamming the networks and canceling quality programming that requires some thought to create.

this show comes up with interesting locations as fast as the travel channel. it is billed as reality but in actuality it is pure prime time soap opera. it's tries to use exotic locales as a facade to bring people into a phony contest & then proceeds to hook viewers on the contestants soap opera style.it also borrows from an early cbs game show pioneer- beat the clock- by inventing situations for its contestants to try & overcome. then it rewards the winner money. if they can spice it up with a little interaction between the characters, even better. while the game format is in slow motion versus beat the clock- the real accomplishment of this series is to escape reality. this show has elements of several types of successful past programs. reality television, hardly, but if your hooked on the contestants, locale or contest, this is your cup of tea. if your not, this entire series is as i say, drivel dripping with gravy. it is another show hiding behind the reality label which is the trend it started in 2000.it is slick & well produced, so it might last a while yet. after all, so do re-runs of gilligan's island, green acres, the beverly hillbillies & the brady bunch. this just doesn't employ professional actors. the intelligence level is about the same.

this third darkman was definitely better than the second one, but still far worse than the original movie. what made this one better than d2 was the fact that the bad guy had been changed and durant was not brought back again. furthermore there was actually some hint of character development when it came to the bad guy's family and darkman himself. this made my heart soften and i gave this flick as much as 4/10, i.e. **/*****.

this title seems more like a filming exercise than a film that should have been released to be seen by the public. for dafoe and his wife it must have been fun working together in a film for the first time, without taking into consideration that people might actually watch it. i felt like it was 90mins wasted as i waited anxiously for a plot to develop, or even begin.try to fit this film into a genre and you won't, because it lacks a beginning, middle or ending. i've seen 'arty' movies before and this doesn't even come close to being arty, abstract or original, it just seems to me to be completely pointless.i think it speaks for itself when the only persons that rated this film a 10 were the under 18 age group. no doubt for the constant pointless erotic scenes that the film was insistent on throwing at us. that is if you can call it erotic. it certainly didn't have taste.

i own 2 home entertainment stores and i've seen a lot of bad movies in my time but this one was so bad it compelled me to register here and comment on it. how bad was it? let's just say that sofia coppola deserved an oscar for her performance in godfather iii when compared to giada colagrande's in this movie.it was robotic and uninspired. her lover has just died one month prior to her arrival at the 'rubber house' he had given her. once there, she discovers he has cheated on her throughout her relationship but none of it seems to register with her. within a day, she starts a relationship with leslie, (dafoe) the caretaker of the house. even though she is married to dafoe off screen, her scenes with him were cold and unemotional.if there was a plot, i missed it. not even willem dafoe could save this movie from the amateur, cinematic train wreck that it is.

whatever happened to british tv drama? from john major through tony blair, the focus of the genre appears to have shifted from social realism to smugly normative women-focused tales about the piddling domestic problems of nice middle class professionals.(or perhaps tvnz doesn't buy the good stuff? please let that be what it is...)the writer's long career in soaps probably explains why the dialogue is made up mostly of stale clichés. niamh cusack's performance is strong on meaningful looks, each held by the director for at least half a dozen beats longer than they deserve. baleful looks, however, are a poor substitute for depth of character, if the writer has failed to provide such material for actors to work with. of course this is theoretically a thriller, about a murder investigation; but that's not as important as the central character's failing marriage and its attendant problems. is cusack's character's husband a complete bastard? will her son be utterly traumatized by the marriage break up? making these the central issues isn't a sign of insight -- it indicates a profoundly narcissistic identification by the writer and director with a character who should be getting on with her job.lynda la plante knows how to write this stuff so that it feels as if it matters and involves viewers other than housebound neurotics ; evidently paula milne isn't up to the task.

i'll say it again: this movie was totally lame. kids will like it, sure, but adults...doubtful. the whole thing was basically a rehash of the original, which is to be expected, since they pretty much explored the whole concept in the first movie, but still, did they have to completely rehash the entire movie? i mean, everything is re-done from the little mermaid. the worst part of it is morgana "ursula's crazy sister" who appears out of nowhere and threatens melody, which is ridiculous since triton is there with his magic trident. why didn't triton do anything about it? because the plot required him to do nothing. i could go on, but i won't. the whole thing is a shameless attempt to rake in more money from the little mermaid, and was obviously thrown together without any thought, because they knew it would sell. overall it is a terrible waste of time.

okay, as a long time disney fan, i really -hate- direct-to-video disney sequels. walt himself didn't believe in them. he believed in "and they lived happily ever after" being the end of it. but this one...really ticked the taco. there were so many ripoffs of other disney films in this, it wasn't funny. quick summary, if you don't already know...: melody, the daughter of ariel and prince eric, is born. ursula's sister, morganna (who basically looks like ursula, if she were to dye herself green and go on the ally macbeal starvation diet) shows up and, after trying to do the newborn tyke in, and failing, prophesizes doom for the characters. after that ordeal, ariel goes into a lapse of being like her father, and refuses to tell melody about her mermaid heritage, and later on, forbids her to go near the sea. well surprise surprise. melody finds out, being the stubborn brat she is, and runs away, then makes a deal with morgana to become a mermaid, in exchange for something. (gee does that sound familiar?) she becomes one, but in her half of the bargain, has to retrieve her granddaddy's trident and bring it back to the sea witch. while doing this, she runs into a couple of outcast animals, a penguin and a walrus named timon and pumb--huh? wait...no! that's not timon and pumbaa! or is it? could of fooled me. anyway, i'd like to reveal more, but pretty much anything that could be guessed to happen does. ok so...long story short. this movie "borrows" too much from other (better) disney films...and does it horribly. come on...tip and dash? why not just make dash obscenely flatulent and make it an even more obvious ripoff! ugh. not to mention, the total character butchery of ariel's persona. she's gone from being a freespirited, headstrong woman, to a clone of her father. not good at all...they're basically telling us the sweet, firey little mermaid we've known to grow and love is dead. plus melody herself isn't such a great character either...she's damned annoying! and bratty! not to mention what they've done to flounder. ugh...anyway if you decide to see this piece of created-mainly-for-profit-reasons, no-imagination, eisner-sponsored c******t, i suggest maybe waiting 'till its on the disney channel or some other tv station. because, it's not even worth the price of a rental. * out of ***** stars.

it was nice to see all the familiar characters again, but the story bothered me. we loved ariel in the first movie- so why is the second one centered around her daughter? the new characters were annoying and i didn't like the plot of this. worst of all, christopher daniel barnes didn't come back as the voice of eric! disney, please stop remaking classic movies with these shoddy imitations.

since the little mermaid was one of my favorite disney movies when i was little, i was curious about its sequel.the little mermaid(one) is a classic animated feature with top quality everything, a grand music score, and targets a general audience. in contrast, the little mermaid 2 is targeted primarily at young children, because it is spontaneous, reflects a child's self perspective, the music is bouncier and less dramatic, and the ending feels like recess.the little mermaid 2 starts out when baby melody is presented to ariel's side of the family. abruptly without any visual cues to aid the drama, a giant tentacle grabs the baby. i laughed, wait a minute it's not funny, the baby's being attacked! okay, i'll stop laughing. morgana's crime in broad daylight and her spontaneity, takes away potential drama since it happened so quickly.throughout the feature, melody seems superhuman, which i defend is how most children envision themselves. this quality in melody's character is clearly brought out toward the end when she fights morgana without an inch of fear on her face.like the first movie, melody has a lot of ariel's problems, except the reverse. queen ariel turns out to be like her father by restricting her from the ocean, whereas king triton restricted ariel from the surface. ariel and melody both rebel against their parent.the music is more emotionally moving in the first. this sequel has a bunch of songs, but not as much orchestral work went into it. it's great for little ones, because it doesn't take an orchestra to impress them.the ending in the first movie was strong and uplifting. the sequel ends with a bouncy song and everyone playing in the water. it's definitely more targeted at kids, because instead of the ending being solemn and leaving you blown away, this ending leaves you thinking, "it's time for recess!" ultimately, this movie is fun for kids, so we should let them have fun.

disney has yet to meet a movie it couldn't make at least two sequels about. and this one was no exception to the people at disney to give a weak story to receive a quick reward. somehow, although i did not pay to view it, i feel cheapened by watching it.ariel is grown up now and had a daughter. yet doesn't allow the daughter to go into the sea because of some idle threat made by the sister of the deceased sea-witch. so here we go again.the daughter is tricked (of course) and helps the sea-witch. after a not-so-glorious battle, she is defeated and the mermaids and humans live in harmony. yawn.there is nothing to view here. go back to your lives. "d-"

it wasn't good. the characters were underdeveloped and the only personality were from the memories i had of the previous movie which contrasted with the 'new' personalities (or lack thereof). i seriously thought the opening scene was a nightmare by ariel because of how absurd it was. it was serious. it just reminded me of all the annoying characters on the disney channel-everyone is hyperactive and the story jumps from action to embarrassing scenes without any really connection.the most disappointing part was the horrible songs-not catchy, not amazing. in the original ariel had an amazing and powerful voice and all the song are catchy and fun. you remember them and want to sing them. but the songs in this movie weren't creative in the least; it's as if they're talking in a annoying sing-song voice-quite weakly, disappointing. i don't have that want-to-sing-them feeling you normally get from a disney movie.it's as if not one wanted to do this movie, so they barely made an effort . . . this movie would needs a new story line, new catchy songs and more warmth and enthusiasm without the annoying "look at me! look at me! i'm so annoying!" mentality of this generation of disney. :'(

i suppose it was for temple matthews who written basically a remake even though there are few changes which just make it worse. spoilers: it is much similar to the original. melody, ariel's new daughter is threatened by ursula's sister, morgana. morgana escapes, but keeps her promise to take melody away from them. did ursula have a sister?! and she is not that great a villain as ursula was. this is where there is similarity. medoly is kept from the sea until morgana is captured, but she doesn't know a thing about it, because it all happened when she was a baby. a wall surrounds the palace to keep her in and morgana out. she goes under the wall day to day to have a swim and talk with sebastian, who is not as funny or fun as in the original. she finds a seashell with her name on it and runs away from home and to look for answers and finds morgana. here is a similarity; morgana tricks melody, making her happy by turning here into a mermaid. meanwhile, eric, melody and king triton look for her. to stay a mermaid she needs to steal the trident from triton. so melody does, because she does not know king triton is her father. she makes friends with a penguin and a walrus and here is where it is awful. the penguins who live with them in an icy ocean, hate them because they are cowards. so they try to prove they are heroes and fail. that does not suit the little mermaid. and the dialogue during those conversations between the penguins and those two characters is ear-bleeding. you know why? because the first had a great story. this one is not and is not magical. it is just an example of how bad many sequels are.melody finds them and they help to take her to atlantica to prove themselves. when they take the trident, ariel finds melody with morgana. melody is angry at her mother for keeping her from the sea so she gives the trident to morgana, then she shows her true colours once she grabs it. poor ariel and melody are in her custody. the penguin and the walrus begin to prove themselves when they fight morgana's shark friend. sorry i did not mention him earlier. they finally prove themselves. eric, king triton and his soldiers arrive but are forced to bow down before morgana by the power of the trident. melody takes it, throws it to triton and he ices morgana (literally). then ariel apologises to melody and thinks it is all her fault. it was not! ariel did the right thing to protect melody, but they never say so. triton offers melody to live in sea or land. she in fact has a "better idea". she uses the trident to vaporize the wall so humans and mer-folk can be together. then everyone sings an awful song. the end.whoever has seen it and likes this obviously has not seen the original. i do not dislike this because i am a teenager. i liked it when i was very very little. then as i grew older i began to see what is bad about this film. young, young kids will enjoy it, but it is likely that when they are in primary school, they will forget about it. normally i would think i over-judged a film and it was better than i remember when i watched it again, but not this one. it is even worse. story is no exception. if you thought, by reading this that the story is good, read more of this comment and you will know the other bad points: well, you know the story now. i am sorry for spoiling it for you, but i had to point out some bad parts of it. one of the worst things is the animation. colour is awful. the original had beautiful colour. watching this almost made me want to go blind. even the illustrations and landscape design were not good. the original had beautiful, magical colouring and beautiful underwater landscape design and for land as well, making it a joy to watch.the music is unbearable. compared to the first, the music here is crap. songs are not that well composed and tara strong (i think that is her name) who did melody can not sing. she at times either sang too high or did not keep track for the melody in the song. so much for having "melody" as a name.and the music is not at all beautiful or moving. little mermaid 1 won an oscar for it and it truly deserved it. this one deserved a razzie award for worst musical score in a sequel if it would exist.i did not like the voices. several people who played characters from the first, did the same ones in this. jodi benson is a great singer, but now that she is older, no offence to her, her voice is too deep and not so beautiful anymore. and i am really disappointed in her and others who were in the first for being a part of this. if i was chosen for this film, just by reading the script, i can tell it would be a bad film. the characters are different now. ariel is more wiser now, but annoying. they overdid her character, making her too mature. in sequels you are not meant to change the characters unless it is for a special reason. she was sixteen in the first. there is little chance she changes. that is the stage when you become the person you are going to be for the rest of your life. screenwriters should think of that. they should think of the character.well, i suppose that is it for me. i hope you find my comment useful, because i am sure a lot of you will agree with my point of view.

this movie makes me want to throw up every time i see it. if you take the first movie, and reverse the plot (ariel wants to leave the sea, her daughter wants to go to the sea), take the same characters and give them new animals and new names, and then throw in crappy animation and the biggest suck factor, possible, you get the little mermaid 2. its basically a copy of the first movie with a reversed plot. i'll take you through the horror of it step by step. these are the people from the 1st movie: first of all, prince eric is still prince eric, with about 3 lines in the whole movie. ariel is uptight, annoying, and is not the carefree, headstrong spirit we saw in the 1st. in fact, she is the exact opposite. sebastian is still sebastian only less cute, less convincing as being stressed out, and the jokes just aren't funny anymore. flounder has about 2 lines. he now has kids and he talks with a dumb nasal voice. scuttle is still dumb scuttle only not funny. king triton's character is probably the best, he still retains the intimidation and love for his daughter, melody. ariel and prince eric appear not to give a hoot about their daughter. like i said, all they did was use the characters from the first movie and copy them. this is what they did: ursula- the new evil villain is morgana, ursula's sister who feels like she always lived in ursula's shadow. i wouldn't be scared of her if she showed up at my doorway with a knife. she can't do anything right and she's a failure as a villain. she has the same voice ursula did. sebastian & flounder - have been replaced by probably the most stupid sidekicks, tip & dash, a walrus and a penguin. they try to be hero's but always fail when trying. the plot is so predictable. they become heroes at the end. yawn. flatson& jetsom- now replaced by a shark who was turned about 10x smaller by triton. hes really bad too. morgana and the shark (sharkbait, i think was his name) have no chemistry, good or bad. ariel-ah, ariel. our lovely mermaid was replaced by her un-lovely daughter, melody. melody cannot sing, her voice is about 2 octaves higher than it should be, and you want to punch her in the face because shes so fake sugary sweet. she wants to go to the sea, she is clumsy and the kids make fun of her, she has to go find herself. yawn.not only is the movie boring and unoriginal its so simplistic when you watch this movie you will gasp at how bad it is. certain parts of the movie make you want to call disney up and demand why such a horrible movie was made as a sequel to such a wonderful original.basically, comparing the little mermaid 2 to the little mermaid is like comparing and ed wood movie to casablanca. don't ever watch this, not even when your bored.

if there's one thing you can count on disney to do, it's their uncanny ability to take a story and tell it again and again and again. even watching the commercial for lady and the tramp ii was a horrible experience. disney's going to ruin one of their most awesome classics ever. it even had that spaghetti meatball scene. it's been done before! and that's what i say to this sorry direct to video(the entire concept should be banned). everything is just a rehash of the original movie and even several of bluth's really bad movies. the penguin and walrus duo(i've even forgotten their names) are just a really poor carbon copy of timon and pumbaa. morgana is another ursula. she even repeats practically all her old lines. the songs are pathetic, really abysmal. i've never heard songs so bad from them before until now. and the dialogue is atrocious. it's pathetic and simplistic. on the plus side, at least they took the time to make the animation somewhat decent. all of the usual characters aren't as annoying as they used to be(or maybe that's a minus for little mermaid fans). back on the negative, melody is just so sickeningly cute you just might vomit. i almost did. do yourself and your little mermaid fan a favor. don't waste your money on this. true, it's not as horrific as return of jafar or pocahontas ii, but that's little consolation.

well then, thank you so much disney for destroying the fond memories i used to have of my former favorite movie. i was about 5 when the original movie came out, and it was one of the first movies i remember seeing. so, now that i'm 16, and feeling masochistic enough, i decided to rent this movie. thus, i managed to poison all my memories of the original movie with this sorry excuse for a movie. this movie takes everything that made the original endearing and wrecks it, right down to the last detail.in this movie, ariel and eric celebrate the birth of their daughter, melody, and go to show her to everyone in the ocean...broadway style! after the musical number ends, within minutes, the sea witch morgana shows up and threatens to kill melody if triton doesn't give up the trident. thus, he gives it up without even a fight. eric stands there gaping, though ariel figures out how to use a sword and save melody. morgana escapes, so ariel and eric decide that melody should never go near the sea until morgana is caught.well...uh, nothing of note really happens. eric is a total wuss. he never really manages to do anything. ariel sort of does something. melody manages to screw things up. plus, the animation is a new low-point for disney. the computer graphics wind up clashing with the backgrounds. ever single opportunity for character development is wasted. the songs bite.look, don't waste your time. i'm pretty sure even the little kids are going to be bored out of their skulls with this, since nothing even remotely exciting ever happens. they won't want to sing the songs. if you manage to grab a copy of this, throw it out into the ocean and hope that nobody ever finds it. ever.

yep, the topic is a straight quote from the movie and i think it's pretty accurate. i was so bored to dead with this pointless effort. all the flashes etc. making no sense after first 20 minutes is just bad film making + if you are epileptic, you would have died at least five times already. of course all the david lynch fans would raise a flag for this kind of turkey to be "the best film ever made" because it doesn't make any sense and when it doesn't make any sense it's got to be art, and art movie is always good. right? i say wrong. this kind of artificial art grab is just a pathetic way to try to show that you're a good film maker. anthony hopkins as a excellent actor should just stay acting.

what seemed as a good premise for a movie...unfortunately it fails to deliver on nearly every level. very hard to follow at the start of the movie i actually found myself fighting the urge to turn it off the biggest problem from a visual aspect is the fact that the camera work is simply over the top with so many "arty" splicings and semi-subliminal cuts throughout the movie that actually distracts you from the from the overall story. it really tries too hard to immerse you in the moment and build to a suspenseful ending but the movie just has so many half conceived characters and non relevant script it just leaves you feeling disappointed and confused as to why they tried to go so deep with it.

okay...so i've seen a lot of really odd/unusual movies in my day. fear and loathing in las vegas comes to mind when i think of that. well not anymore...from here on out, whenever someone asks me, "hey, what's the most unusual movie you've ever seen?" slipstream is what i'll say! and i do not mean "unusual" in a good way.from the very beginning of the movie, it was obvious that this was going to be one of those "trippy camera effect" movies. by that i mean, little things like flashing images on the screen, rewinding and fast-forwarding people's words and scenes, messing with the color on the screen, flash forwards and flash backs constantly...then you have the actual acting itself. people randomly get violent, shoot things/people, say the weirdest things that just don't make much, if any sense.the movie is about a writer who starts to intermingle real life with the book he's writing and for a lack of a better way to explain it, you basically see this "trip" he goes on throughout the movie. the thing is, johnny depp went on a similar trip in fear and loathing in las vegas but the only difference is that his trip was entertaining to watch, not painful! honestly, i had a real hard time even finishing slipstream. it kind of hurt my brain a bit.i can see some film buff making a claim as to this movie having certain cinematic nuances that make it not only unique but add to the feeling of dementia...blah, blah, blah. point is, this movie hurts your brain when you watch it....it makes very little sense, it takes all of your concentration to even remotely try and understand what is going on and even at the end, the only thing you can be happy about is that it's over...and you can say you actually sat through it! so in closing, if you want to see a movie that will have you saying "what the heck" over and over again both out loud and in your head, go ahead and waste an hour and 30 minutes and check this out.mr hopkins, while i applaud you as an actor and commend your choice to take a stab at directing....please, do not ever make a movie like this again. next time, try something that relies a little more on great storytelling than camera techniques that tend to leave the viewer with a headache.

this movie was a complete waste of time.i viewed this movie with a group of cinematic enthusiasts, who have varied taste in movies yet always a keen eye for a work of "genius" (as one of my fellow commenters on this site had the gall to label this steaming pile…); not one of them found a single redeeming quality. we ended the movie with a rousing chorus of expletives i will not reprint here.i can only guess that the positive reviews provided here were written by sir anthony hopkins, himself. afterall, as one of those reviewers will tell you, he financed the film himself – because no one else in hollywood or anywhere else in the world, for that matter, would risk a single penny or their good name in association with this film. don't let the semi-famous actors who appear in the film lure you into its clutches – as christian slater admits in the special features "making of" he signed on to the film without reading the script or knowing any details (a folly i am sure he will never repeat).i pity the hapless individual who stumbles into this quagmire of self-indulgence written, directed, produced, and financed by a man who is too famous to admit to himself that not everything he creates is a masterpiece (and if you don't believe me please google "anthony hopkins" and art).

i wasn't entirely sure what to expect from a comedy, drama, fantasy, sci-fi genre, but, given the actors involved i thought i'd give it a spin. the tone of the film felt awkward, going through patches of each of the genres but never quite felt balanced, so eventually i gave up trying, and concentrated on the cinematography and individual performances, which i thought were good on the whole, considering each character had little depth because of the nature of the story (won't give anything away here). i have to say it felt a lot longer than its 96 minute runtime, and not in a good way. in the end i was looking for closure, some measure of satisfaction but it didn't turn out to be the clever or ingenious piece i had hoped it would be. i think tony mistakenly thought what he did do at the end of the film gave us that... but it was a tragic mistake to try and validate the previous 95 minutes with the ill-conceived conclusion. ultimately i feel cheated. imo it would have been better to let it stand without the "ending" as a piece of art... just. or... i may have missed the point completely :)

oh dear... as an englishman, and a small part welsh, a fan of anthony hopkins' work in the industry..... to date, i am truly disappointed. you see i am a nobody, who hoped for better. so my comments are as 'straw in the wind'. but, that's the point isn't it? - i have no axe to grind on the commercial value of a work. i, a full member of the great unwashed, go to see a movie to be transported to another place. to yes, suspend belief for a brief period. but not to enter a state of total disbelief.had this been by an unknown author and director, i would guess that this 'production' would have been castigated into oblivion. unfortunately, its not, and i was left wide eyed and confused. having seen some of the rave reviews given this work i am faintly worried....perhaps its that i try, without prejudice, to view each movie on its own merits. regardless of author, director, studio or even the notoriety of the content.my advice, as many before me: don't write and direct the same production. it is fraught with danger. movies need to be moderated to retain a semblance of credibility.as they say in school reports "could and can do better..."

i love anthony hopkins as an actor so i was very interested to see how he would do as a writer/director. i could not have been more disappointed by this move. the movie was so disjointed and the cinematography was so over done to the point i wanted to pull the plug out of the wall. the actors were very good but it was such a waste of talent. not all actors are cut out to be writers or directors and clearly mr. hopkins falls into this category. of all the movies i have ever seen in my 50 years, this is absolutely the worst movie ever. please do us all a favor mr. hopkins and stick to acting, which you are excellent at, and leave the writing and directing to those who are talented in those areas. if i could give this movie a rating less than one i certainly would.

i rented this movie on the merits of what the trailer showed, and of course sir anthony hopkins.if jackson pollack teamed up with david lynch, and timothy leary to make a movie, this would be the end result. i don't think i've seen a movie like it that made an lsd trip look like an episode of sesame street.it's a bunch of set pieces where the characters flash in and out of reality, or various realities, and the film doesn't culminate into anything until the last 5 minutes, where all of a sudden it makes sense. i wrote a scathing review on my movie review blog that essentially gives everything away, and i won't do that here. it's a well acted piece of cinema, and the soundtrack was written by sir anthony hopkins, and let me say this, if there's one redeeming feature to this film, it's the music. it fits perfectly. some of the dialogue is unbelievably good, and unbelievably bad all at the same time.i enjoyed parts of this movie, i truly did, and once you get to the end of it, you'll actually figure out what's truly going on. it's unfortunate that you have to wade through 2 hours of crazy to get to a salient point, which minimizes the effect of the entire movie.i give it a 3 out of 10 for the simple fact that the real problem with this film isn't the acting, it's everything.

this movie was a disappointment. i was looking forward to seeing a good movie. i am the type of person who starts a movie and doesn't turn it off until the end, but i was forcing myself not to turn it off. theonly reason why i didn't turn it off was because i am a huge christian slater fan and i wanted to see him act in it. i was really speechless after i finished watching the movie. this movie was one of the worst movies that i have seen in my life. thank you christian slater for putting some humor into it. if you hadn't been in this movie i would of been bored out of my mind.i also agree that anthony hopkins needs to stick to acting. by the time the movie was over i didn't even get the plot. i was both confused and annoyed.

i actually had quite high hopes going into this movie, so i took what was given with a grain of salt and hoped for the best. about 1/3 of the way through the film i simply had to give up, quite simply the movie is a mish-mash of stuff happening for no apparent reason and it's all disconnected. i love movies that make you think, but this movie was just a bunch of ideas thrown together and never really connected.don't think it's david lynch-esquire as some would have you believe, it is nowhere near that realm other than some trippy visuals. saying it's artsy to disguise the fact there's no apparent plot or story is just a manner or justifying why you wasted the 1.5 hours in the film. the acting was good, but that cannot save lack of story. i do agree with the one comment posted previously... "it's like being in some other person's head... while they're on drugs," in other words nothing makes sense.

i have seen bad movies before, but this one takes the "worst movie of a lifetime" award by far !! anthony hopkins has to be completely mentally ill to have his name attached to this one - anywhere ! i will never see another movie with him in it, directing it, etc., etc. ! i can't believe the other actors & actresses that i liked, (in this picture), that stooped so low to be a part of this disaster ! there must be some great drugs out there ! for anyone to not be embarrassed to be a part of such a film, is beyond me ! save your money on this one ! huge flop from beginning to end ! shame on you mr. hopkins ! also, shame on christian slater ! i can't believe you put your reputations on the line for this one !

what a muddled mess. i saw this with a friend a while ago and we both consider ourselves open-minded to the many wonders of cinema, but this sure isn't one of them.while there very well could be some good ideas/concepts and there are certainly some good performances (under the circumstances), it is all buried under random nonsense. sir anthony draws way too heavily from the same gene pool as natural born killers, u turn and similar films as far as the editing is concerned, or maybe he watched himself in nixon for inspiration. say what you want about david lynch, but at least he more often than not has a method to the madness.his quote of stating that he made the film as a joke says it all. it's not worth your money, bandwidth or time.

look, i'm sorry if half the world takes offense at this, but life is confusing enough. i don't need to watch it that way. i dig anthony hopkins, big time. i even watched fracture, and i knew that would be a steaming pile of quentin. but this thing is not well shot, and it's not daring--even if it is artsy. well-produced films have reasons for cuts and fast edits, not this "oh, but it's a realistic interpretation" excuse. this thing'll make your head hurt. it's the fastest moving picture ever to take you nowhere at all. i still love ah, and i'll always give him another chance, but if you aren't made of time to watch bad ideas on screen, skip this.

this movie is once again, one of those movies that someone thinks or tries to make others think that they understood it. anyone who tries to make any sense of this is a moron! my advise would be to take two not one but two hits of very strong acid and at least you'll get a visual thrill out of it!! although at the end you may kill yourself for wasting your acid!!!! being that this comment requires 10 lines of info, let me write something for those of you that will try to defend the movie. unintelligble. garbage. schitzoid. waste of talent. movie is ice, with paper on destination with ringing clouds, on a sunny dive in the pudding.... sounds like lion in a red light with seeing hair. now explain that to me!!!!

given the chance to write, direct and star in my own movie, i would probably choose something about robot women with guns. anthony hopkins, however, decided to make possibly the strangest movie anyone has ever seen. "slipstream" is a movie that is so strange that even david lynch would probably look at the person next to him and say 'what's going on?'.this is a movie where, in one scene, a man crosses the road towards a yellow car facing to the right which suddenly changes into a pink car facing to the left. this is a movie where two characters have a conversation interspersed with shots of random people laughing and insects climbing up walls. this is a movie where a man starts talking about "invasion of the bodysnatchers" only for the actor of that particular movie to suddenly show up as himself (and then disappear into thin air). this is a movie that decides to throw the need for a coherent plot straight out of the window and use fifteen different edits whilst doing so, as well as changing from black and white to colour for seemingly no reason at all.i must, however, commend mr hopkins for his choice of actors in this movie (some of whom portray multiple characters). all of those involved throw themselves into their roles, even if they probably have no idea what they're actually doing. my favourite here was christian slater's thug in a hat who was impressively menacing whilst babbling nonsense and singing the american national anthem. anthony hopkins has been quoted saying that he did this movie as a joke and that's possibly the best way to sum up "slipstream". it's a joke on the audience. you'll watch it from beginning to end, trying to understand what is going on and hoping that the answer will come, only to discover that the answer never actually does. what the punchline to this particular joke is, only anthony hopkins will ever know.i mentioned david lynch earlier and i'm a big fan of that particular director. i would guess that anthony hopkins shares my love for the likes of "twin peaks", "blue velvet" and "lost highway". however, "slipstream" isn't as satisfying as any of the movies of lynch despite imitating many of his techniques (although i was surprised to discover that nobody talks backwards in "slipstream"). it's far too chaotic and random - as another reviewer here pointed out, it's the movie version of alzheimer's disease. no doubt there are a small number out there who are able to watch this and draw something from it. unfortunately for the rest of us, "slipstream" quickly becomes an annoying and confusing experience that was only made due to hopkins' involvement.watch at your own risk.

what hopkins does succeed at with this effort as writer and director is giving us a sense that we know absolutely no one in the film. however, perhaps therein lies the problem. his movie has a lot of ambition and his intentions were obviously complex and drawn from very deep within, but it's so impersonal. there are no characters. we never know who anyone is, thus there is no investment on our part.it could be about a screenwriter intermingle with his own characters. is it? maybe. by that i don't mean that slipstream is ambiguous; i mean that there is no telling. hopkins's film is an experiment. on the face of it, one could make the case that it is about a would-be screenwriter, who at the very moment of his meeting with fate, realizes that life is hit and miss, and/or success is blind chance, as he is hurled into a "slipstream" of collisions between points in time, dreams, thoughts, and reality. nevertheless, it is so unremittingly cerebral that it leaves no room for any hint of emotion, even to the tiny, quite rudimentary extent of allowing us a connection with its characters.i didn't think the nippy and flamboyant school of shaky, machine-gun-speed camera-work and editing disengaged me, but reflecting upon the film i am beginning to realize that it had a lot to do with it. there are so many movies of the past decade in which the cuts or camera movement have sound effects as well as other atmosphere-deteriorating technical doodads. i suppose in this case it was justified in that its purpose was to compose the impressionistic responsiveness of dreams. however, i knew barely anything about slipstream when watching it, and i came out the same way. and i just do not care, because hopkins made no effort to make us care. there are interactive movies, and there are movies that sit in a rocking chair and knit, unaware of your presence. slipstream is the latter.

why did i waste 1.5 hours of my life watching this? why was this film even made? why am i even commenting on this film?one reviewer said this film took patience to watch and it was n't for everybody. i cannot figure out who this movie is for. maybe after dropping a hit of acid, somebody, somewhere could watch this and make some sense out of it. it is incoherent, it isn't experimental, it's plain and simple garbage. the film follows no plot line whatsoever, just when you think you have something, well.....you don't. i think the ending brought some finality to the film (no pun intended), the viewer gets a glimpse of what might have been going on. i don't think i put a spoiler in here, not that it would matter. this film is another must miss in the world of filmdom.

a confused mess from start to finish. like they used to say about the beatles'songs, there was a secret message if you played the lp backward. if one had the patience to watch this films scenes from finish to start, you'd come away with the same degree of disappointment.apart from all of this psychedelic hodge podge of flashbacks and false starts, the clearest characters were the movie backers, out for revenge if the movie didn't get sorted. there was nothing to like about these two either. overacting, shouting and threats were delivered in comic book fashion. i think one dimensional was an overstatement.okay, so maybe the artsy types are rolling their eyes reveling in the fact that unlike them, we plebeians just didn't get it. well i'm afraid there was nothing to get. and the two cardinal sins of any bad movie carried from start to finish. a non-existent and pathetic story line if you want to call it that, and by far the worst, not a single character you cared about in the least.

unless you are geeky film student who has to see everything, this film will not only be a waste of your time and money and a huge disappointment, but it will also make you angry beyond belief.there might be a story worth telling somewhere inside, but hopkins decided to hide it and encode under so many incessant chaotic layers of apparently random audio video microcuts, making the viewer's patience run thin after a very short while.why would someone like hopkins choose such a heavy, most difficult and highly unstable project as his first script, first score and third film can by anyones guess. maybe he played with it in his mind for such a long time until it became unrecognizable as what it became, not even for himself. the result proves that he has by far not enough experience or skill to achieve the desired result.even the weirdest carpenter and lynch films, to name just two uncoventional filmmakers, had 90% more coherence, 95% less characters and 99% more story flow.sir anthony you aimed for the stars, but unfortunately missed by a couple of light years. please stick to acting, in that department you are a unequaled giant and nobody should ask more from you, not even yourself!

you know this is gonna be a cheesy movie when:1. it was made it the 50's 2. it's in black and white. 3. it has no name actors! 4. screaming makes up for the lack of special effects!well not to be outdone - this movie brilliantly incorporated all four of the above elements to turn this into a true cinematic blunder.okay - shhhhh but i am gonna discuss special effects here - or lack of them - did you catch the underwater scenes? it looks like it was poorly filmed through an aquarium - note the cape flapping in the breeze.and the repeated re-use of stock footage, (exterior house shots, the bridges scenes -- great enhanced the k-r-a-f-tiness of this film - not since "plan 9" - have i seen such creative usage of stock footage.and hey where there was a lack of special effects - not to worry - screaming does take the place of special effects in this movie as well. yes this movie even cleverly used that old hack trick.grab the popcorn - set your brain on stun (several fermented beverages definitely helps), sit back, and wonder: why the heck did they put this on film again?wayno

welcome to a bad ghost story and someone's nightmare. this horror tale finds a newly married husband(john hudson)and wife(peggy weber)haunted by the memory of his previous wife and screaming skulls found throughout their empty mansion and lily pond. is the husband really trying to drive his already anxious bride insane? or is it the learning challenged gardener mickey(alex nicol)who has taken care of the mansion's grounds since the death of the original mistress of the house? this low budget horror flick has a story line that keeps you involved all the way the finale. special effects are pretty bad even at 1958 standards. i swear at times the screaming skull sounds much like it should be in a godzilla movie. also in the cast as reverend snow is character actor russ conway. by the way...the lurking gardener(nicol)is the film's director. you can catch this as part of amc's monsterfest.

a man brings his new wife to his home where his former wife died of an "accident". his new wife has just been released from an institution and is also very rich! all of the sudden she starts hearing noises and seeing skulls all over the place. is she going crazy again or is the first wife coming back from the dead? you've probably guessed the ending so i won't spell it out. i saw this many times on saturday afternoon tv as a kid. back then, i liked it but i was young. seeing it now i realize how bad it is. it's horribly acted, badly written, very dull (even at an hour) and has a huge cast of five people (one being the director)! still it does have some good things about it. the music is kinda creepy and the setting itself with the huge empty house and pond nearby is nicely atmospheric. there also are a few scary moments (i jumped a little when she saw the first skull) and a somewhat effective ending. all in all it's definitely not a good movie...but not a total disaster either. it does have a small cult following. i give it a 2.also try to avoid the elite dvd drive-in edition of it (it's paired with "attack of the giant leeches"). it's in terrible shape with jumps and scratches all over. it didn't even look this bad on tv!

villa rides (1968) turns out to be something of a big disappointment! and even though sam peckinpah had a hand in the screenplay, along with robert towne, it still emerges as a leadenly written movie dryly directed by the undistinguished buzz kulik. firstly, top billed yul brynner as pancho villa is wrong for the part! he's not charismatic enough to play the great mexican revolutionary! his one note performance lacks the fire and gusto anthony quinn or gilbert roland could have brought to the role. brynner simply looks like a russian aristocrat dressed up like a mexican bandit who is in the middle of the mexican revolution instead of the russian one. also, second billed robert mitchum is totally wasted in the picture! his part as a biplane flying ace lobbing home-made bombs from the air in the cause of the revolution is a poorly written meager role that could have been played by any minor star. mitch hasn't a decent line in the entire movie and brings to one's mind his other mexican revolution picture the far superior "bandido" (1956) which unfortunately nobody seems to have any interest in releasing on dvd. besides lacking any kind of style "villa rides" also suffers badly without the presence of a female star! there is starlet grazia buccella as a young mexican girl who gives mitchum the glad eye but her casting is merely perfunctory. someone like claudia cardinale or jean peters could have perhaps added a couple of badly needed notches to the faltering story line.there are a couple of good action scenes in the movie but a couple of good action scenes do not a movie make and the less than perfect panavision picture quality plus the over repetitive maurice jarre theme tune doesn't help matters.as is paramount's wont there are no extras - not even a trailer! yup, a disappointing movie and dvd presentation that could have been and should have been a whole lot better.

i mean, i thought i heard this dialog in the movie, but it was so bad and out of place that i can't really believe it. i was laughing so hard at what must have been the worst writing and acting in human history, i was seriously worried that i might have a heart attack and die right there in the theater.so this is the scene i am talking about, the "hero" just watched his brother crash and his brothers car exploded right there just feet away from him (the hero). the "hero" was throwing the expected "fit" at seeing something so tragic and people were trying to hold him back from running into the burning car.in the middle of his fit and his uncontrollable rage/emotional break down he says "i am so sad" - he said that right? am i crazy?

this movie was bad to say the least!!! the plethora of superb cars are disgraced to have have been showcased in this lame movie. it starts off with a race from l.a. to las vegas to be completed in 1hr 45min...in a ferrari f430. i did that in 1hr 50min in a tiny 4cylinder 140hp 1993 honda accord. seriously...this movie does not do justice to these cars. obviously these writers are just that and probably drive under the speed limit with their hands @ 10 & 2 o'clock. i remember seeing on the news how eddie griffin crashed a 1.5 million dollar ferrari enzo going 30-40mph>>> youtube.com/watch?v=cnvrmzx2kms and...the director andy cheng is the biggest sellout!!! he brings shame to his own race. i wonder just how many people he orally pleased just to break into hollywood. he partook in a movie that portrays asian americans in such a negative and false way. asian women>>cheap money grubbing whores. asian men>>losing compulsive gamblers & thugs that get beat all the time . what the heck is all the fear about asians?? why the need to always portray them in such a negative connotation?? i am so sick of the way hollywood always portrays asians in such a negative and false pretext.

i am a dumber person for renting the dvd redline. chicago pictures who made this stupid movie never paid palisades media group to buy web ads on various automotive sites including mine which has an alexa rating of 16k. they ripped me off on the deal and now i am out $16,000 and they wasted much of my personal time (peter rapport of palisades media) you know who you are!please don't rent or buy this movie!!! it sucks and the people behind it are ripoff artists.redline has a cast of losers and poor actors!this movie is a joke

this will be best known for the ferrari that was crashed when eddie griffin was doing promotion.tale of racing and betting is a poorly made by the numbers that appears to have a director who couldn't see the numbers. largely a point and shoot affair with a group of actors in it for a paycheck. this is not a good movie, but its not bad enough to be watchable and end up as a some what nothing film isn't worth bothering with no matter how you look at it.misogynistic, despite the fact one of the leads is a woman, this is a film that was clearly made just to get the producer and director close to pretty girls. want evidence? there are long lingering shots of women in next to nothing that serve no purpose other than perhaps to get a rise out of people too afraid to rent a porno or the sports illustrated swimsuit dvd.avoid this movie at all costs

this movie should have been named need for speed: the movie. for those who have not played the games need for speed is mostly about hot cars and beautiful women and almost no plot. this applies perfectly to redline. the only thing about this movie that was a-level were the cars. the acting seemed forced and scripted, the premise was flimsy at best, and the plot was almost nonexistent. i only really watched this movie to see how bad it was and, while it was pretty bad, it could have been worse. and at least it was entertaining. i just wish they had showed eddie griffin crashing the enzo somewhere in the movie. all in all, don't pay for it, don't go out of your way to see it, but if it's on showtime or hbo and there isn't anything else on, it's a decent distraction.

i like bad movies. i like to rent bad movies with my friends and rip on them for their duration. then there are abhorrent movies like this. redline is not just a bad movie, but a telling sign that maybe the american movie industry should please, for the sake of the viewer, at least proofread scripts before funding a movie.if a stereotype took a crap, this movie would spawn from that. the storyline is unbearable, and the acting all around is laughable. nadia bjorlin and eddie griffin have, perhaps, the worst screen chemistry i've seen in a good while, and even individually they should be isolated from humanity and beaten with a bag of oranges until they change their profession to street merchants (about the only thing they can legitimately qualify for). furthermore, how angus macfadyen got convinced to do this movie is so far beyond me that i can't even think of an analogy. i am a loyal fan of his, but this has made me question him.to sum it up. several people want revenge for different reasons (and if you care enough to know what they are, you're a bigger person than me), so much so that it turns to violence (i guess). the movie is like ouroboros, the snake that swallows its own tail, in that it's an endless cycle of confusion and dialogue not fit for human ears. this movie is essentially one big car commercial for the first half, and an indecipherable action movie for the rest, it should be avoided at any and all costs.i wish i could find one positive aspect to this movie, and i think it lies in the fact that eventually the credits do roll.p.s. nadia bjorlin, if that was you singing those two songs in this movie, then you are a hack, and i hope old age ravages you.p.s.s. if you do rent this movie looking for a laughable experience, listen for the lyrics to nadia bjorlin's awesome songs.

you cannot deny that we have an affinity for speed. that's why movies like fast and the furious, dhoom, rempit get made to play to the satisfaction of audiences, especially local ones. we live on a tiny island, and i cannot fathom why, for the relative efficiency of the public transportation system, most of us want to get into debt by owning a set of wheels which come with 100% tax when they reach our shores, and the myriad of taxes and bills to pay when operating one. not only that, the high end sports cars were once quipped by a prominent politician up north that they will never reach fourth gear, lest they reach the sea.and these movies are relatively easy to make. hot wheels and hot chicks always go down well together in targeting the required demographic. for once, those plunging necklines exposing uncanny buxom and short skirts accentuating legs two meters long, can't compete with the attention given to those beautiful curves that exotic cars possess in movies such as these. of course there are amongst us (ahem) those that go for the sexists portrayal of women as mere sexual objects (otherwise explain why motor shows come with truckloads of models, and movies such as these cannot do without a leggy model in a frame), however, they don't warrant the kind of collective orgasmic sighs whenever the four wheelers come on screen, even when they do exactly nothing and have their gears into park. the guy sitting beside me, i swear he wet his pants every time his dream car(s) appear, and creamed his pants even more when he hears those growling engine moans.so there we have it, the fan boys who turned up in droves just to watch which of the latest cool cars get featured in the movie. with the fast and the furious franchise, the japanese models like the evos and the skylines take centerstage, as does the gt. here, the ford gt takes on an incredibly drool-worthy facade modification, that even i'm impressed, alongside the latest models like the ferrari enzos, porshe carerra gts, koenigsegg ccxs, and every car out there that has wings for doors. but seriously, my heart goes out to the cars each time they're mercilessly wrecked just for entertainment. i mean, this are perfectly fine, high performance models that are at the apex of motoring, but yet because whoever financed the movie had millions to blow, they do so because they can,there's no story in redline, just excuses to put together a movie full of beauties (the cars that is) that can rip down the tarmac in probably the most boring fashion possible, and with the usual shots of pedals (always the accelerator, mind you, tapping the brake pedal is tantamount to blasphemy, and earn you no respect), steering wheels, gear shifts (always shifting up and not down), all these while having the actors make pretend that they're the baddest asses with an engine, snarling and giving each other dirty looks. not a very tall order for an actor, and that's why we get the most woeful performances ever, with lines that seem to be written by elementary schoolkids.the heroine (yes, it made a statement that girls can drive) natasha (a very plasticky looking nadia bjorlin) is one of those million dollar finds - a girl with model looks who don't mind getting down on fours and immersed in oil, who has racing pedigree within her, and performs with a rock band singing songs with lyrics that are just plain laughable (every line had to do with cars, and when singing about love, just had to string those innuendos like shifting gear shafts, lubricants and going for rides). introduced against her wishes to illegal racing by a gangsta called infamous (eddie griffin), she gets drawn into family squabbles involving a leo dicaprio lookalike iraq war veteran, and some sleazy lecherous looking rich uncle. everything else, well like i said, just serves as an excuse for the movie to go from race to race.and it's almost always the same, as there's very limited to what you can do to heighten tension between race cars, especially when you know the race is rigged (for narrative reasons) and can see the race outcome a mile away from the finishing line. while fast and furious had quite charismatic actors, and i will put my head on the chopping block by naming paul walker, sun kang, and of course, the star it created - vin diesel, redline had none, just pretty faces with lots of air unfortunately. it looks like a tv movie in its treatment from the get go, with a very insipid opening sequence where it's one man, one car, and a 105 minutes race against time to get to vegas.if not for the cars, then this movie seriously is a piece of junk, with bad acting, bad lines and bad action. strictly for the car fans, or those who like their movies with countless of bevy beauties who pimp their bodies without any speaking lines.

i felt like i was watching the fast and the furious again, but with different actors and a little bit different plot. i will say the cars in the film are very cool. so, if you like fast cars, then you will probably find this movie mildly entertaining. i also liked nadia bjorlin because i've seen her from days of our lives. she is a really good singer, but too bad they gave her such lousy songs to sing in this movie. i mean songs about cars; not exactly what you would here on the radio. since it is a hollywood film, you have to give this story a little lee way, but in real life i don't think any average joe would come across such a hot girl as nadia bjorlin who can drive a race car, fix a car engine, and be a lead singer. it's just all very silly.another side note, any one willing to wager 25 million on a car race is a nut. but it was kinda of cool at the end when natasha stops right before the finish line and screws michael over. priceless.final verdict: this movie is for car freaks. so, if you like fast cars, then i'd recommend this.

so it has come to this. fast, expensive cars that only the upper 1% will ever drive. the girls that pose next to them in gearhead magazines. second-tier and no-name actors. cheap promotional appearances by people from niche culture. this is the garbage that hollywood has to offer. don't get me wrong; i love the mindless action flick with hot chicks as much as the next guy. but please, will the collective braintrust that greenlights this stuff please stop, count to ten, breathe, have a hearty "woooooosaaaaaah", then rewind twentyfive years and recall what made movies enjoyable once upon a time? then actually make some movies like that again? i have nothing against poker, but the entire pop-culture explosion it has enjoyed over the past five years is ridiculous. everyone and their mother thinks their maverick now (not that half of them even will get that reference). some executive said, "hey, what demographic do you want to leach $9.50 out of?" "i know, sir. the 18-35 market." "ok, let's give them poker, girls, and fast cars." "brilliant idea, sir." the result? a film that i've seen a hundred times late at night on spike tv, and more often than not, starring dolph lundgren. now don't misunderstand me;i am not a film snob. over-the-top artsy flicks like the english patient don't float my boat, but generic films that should not have even been made straight to dvd bother the hell out of me too. only adolescent gearheads will have their engines revved by this, and i imagine the ones in the higher end of their iq range will see this for what it is: a junkyard.

i'm sorry to say that there isn't really any way, in my opinion, that an enzo would really be able to keep up with a saleen s7 twin turbo. the power to weight advantage possessed by the s7 would just be too great. the s7 has a power:weight ratio of 3.93 lbs/hp while the enzo has 4.61 lbs/hp. the s7s low end is much better too. sorry ferrari fans but the saleen just gets it done so much better.as for other parts of this film, i just have to say it's so substandard as to be pathetic. the story is way too weak. the acting in this lemon is worse than daytime soaps.i can say that as far as it being a treatise on negative psychology its kind of a gem. this film is nothing if not a glaring definition as to what narcissism and sociopathy are all about. its all about these rich punks getting their rocks off while showing only traces of feigned remorse for all the innocent road users they cause injury or death too.i can't give the film a "1 star" rating because it didn't compel me to actually walk out of the theater. i also think that having an amazingly beautiful brunette with killer blue eyes as the leading female saves it from being completely abysmal....although there is no way her singing would put her on the cover of 'variety'.ps: the guy who plays jason is sooooo the skid row version of james vanderbeek.

"a total waste of time" just throw in a few explosions, non stop fighting, exotic cars a deranged millionaire, slow motion computer generated car crashes and last but not least a hugh hefner like character with wall to wall hot babes, and mix in a blender and you will have this sorry excuse for a movie. i really got a laugh out of the "dr. evil" like heavily fortified compound. the plot was somewhere between preposterous and non existent. how many millionaires are willing to make a 25 million dollar bet on a car race? answer: 4 but, didn't they become millionaires through fiscal responsibility? this was written for pubescent males, it plays like a video game. i did enjoy the gulfstream ii landing in the desert though.

the cars in this movie are awesome. the acting in this movie is awful. the plot and driving scenes don't make much sense and are equally bad. if you get really bothered by movies where someone shifts and suddenly goes ridiculously faster, save yourself the trouble and money. good movie for racing fans? well, there is a part where they make the mistake of referring to a nascar driver as a rally car driver. if you can't tell the difference, go watch it, you'll have a blast. it really comes down to this, there are really really really nice cars in this movie, they are driven horribly and are completely unrealistic. the acting is horrible mainly because of the extremely bad plot. if you want to see hot girls, turn on mtv or vh1 instead. i am disappointed that such nice cars would be represented in such a bad movie. if the class of the cars were to match that of the movie, they should be racing with rusted bicycles.

acting is horrible. this film makes fast and furious look like an academy award winning film. they throw a few boobs and butts in there to try and keep you interested despite the extremely weak and far fetched story. there is a reason why people on the internet aren't even downloading this movie. this movie sunk like an iron turd. do not waste your time renting or even downloading it. this film is and always will be a perma-turd. i am now dumber for having watched it. in fact this title should be referred to as a "perma-turd" from now on. calling it a film is a travesty and insult. abhorrent, abominable, appalling, awful, beastly, cruel, detestable, disagreeable, disgusting, dreadful, eerie, execrable, fairy, fearful, frightful, ghastly, grim, grisly, gruesome, heinous, hideous, horrendous, horrid, loathsome, lousy, lurid, mean, nasty, obnoxious, offensive, repellent, repulsive, revolting, scandalous, scary, shameful, shocking, sickie, terrible, terrifying, ungodly, unholy, unkind

redline is a knockoff of fast & furious, without any of the redeeming qualities. it doesn't need to have a convoluted plot with multiple twists and surprises, but it needs something! this is the equivalent of a porn film, where the storyline and dialogue consist of 60 seconds at the beginning and the same at the end. except that this is worse, because you don't get your money's worth. mind-numbingly boring, impossible race sequences, and a terrible waste of expensive beautiful cars, which almost acquire negative points for having appeared in this movie. sure, she's hot, but who's that desperate for an on screen female? i feel like the director sat there with a hat full of dialogue and plot snippets, and shook an 8 ball every time they switched scenes. no serious person who races or knows anything about it would watch this movie and enjoy the race scenes.

you already know how painful to watch this movie is. but i wonder why one of the worst movies ever should include one the most beautiful cars. why the cars should be not only the victim of violation, but also the only true actors and performers in it. so how on earth you porsche, lamborghini or whatever could allow those people to get in touch with your cars and ruin you reputation for which you give millions.stop the getting an advantage of the cars and earn money on their chests. it is painful for those who love cars. it is painful for those who love movies.i want my money back !!!

this movie rivals "plan 9" as one of the dumbest movie ever made. always be concerned when the same person is the:1. star 2. director 3. producer 4. writer 5. stuntman, and 6. editor. unfortunately, justin kreinbrink did all 6 jobs! imdb shows that he and his father were western 'stunt men'. so maybe that was the problem. here's just one example from the film: in the film the sheriff has to take a witness to another town for protection. of course, the bad guys find out and are waiting for them. but, what happens? the good guys are riding along and a shot rings out and hits a tree near them. when the camera shows us the bad guys they're all just sitting on a log, chatting. what's wrong with this picture!i could go on. perhaps this film was meant as a comedy. if so, it didn't do that well either.

after reading the other reviews for this film i am of the opinion that the high markers are probably paid studio lackeys as the film i saw was absolutely dire, with wooden acting, lacklustre scripting and plodding predictable directing, one of the few plus points has to be the stunning scenery as this film features some stunning backdrops with great sweeping vistas and dramatic skies and wide open prairies, sadly when the most memorable thing in a film is the part featured behind the actors this has to be a warning sign as to the quality of the movie, all in all a thoroughly uninspiring addition to the western genre which even at the very reasonable price it can be obtained on dvd is best to avoid.

great western i hear you all say! brilliant first effort! well i'm not sure what film you all watched but it must have been a different one to the one i saw. great westerns or indeed good films of any genre have characters you can believe in and this film had none! the acting was poor to say the least and i couldn't care less about any of the characters, making the whole film pointless. the story was too big for the makers and perhaps they should try their hand at making straight to tv low budget rubbish like you see on those "fact or fiction" programmes on sci-fi.please, if you are looking for a good film, a great western or even just an enjoyable hour and a half, please look elsewhere.

the decoy is one of those independent productions, made by obvious newcomers, but it doesn't have all the usual flaws that sink most such films. it has a definite story, it has adequate acting, the photography is very good, the hero and the bad guy are both formidable men, and the background music isn't overdone. this is a dvd new release, so people will be looking here to see if it's worthwhile. i don't know where all the 10's come from, as there's no way this film is that good --- even if you're the filmmaker's mother. the last film we saw at a theater was warner's trashing of j k rawlings much-loved and excellent book, order of the phoenix. in comparing the decoy with phoenix, consider that phoenix (as made by warners) had no story, certainly no acting was allowed by the director, the photography was dreadful, and the wall-of-sound overbearing musical score was just a mess. i rated phoenix a "1" because the scale doesn't go any lower. the decoy is 4 times better -- in all regards.if you have the opportunity, give the decoy a chance. remember, this isn't "decoy 3 -- the shootout" or any such nonsense. it's original. if your expectations aren't overblown by the foolish "10" scores here, you might just enjoy the film on its own terms.

we rented the dvd hoping for a good western. the film was pretty and the scenes reasonable, but the ideas were very bad. here are my problems with the film.in the first part, why exactly did the bad guy kill the mine owner? not really connected to the movie except to establish how bad he was and to have a hideout.the bank employee gone bad just acts too poorly to convincingly decide to hire killers to off his employers. at least keep us guessing. no character developed at all for the bank owners or the bank employee.very long delay in much of anything happening.absurd premise that martin still needed to see the judge after the gang confessed to killing the in-laws. even more absurd that he confesses to judge and judge will not listen to the sheriff guy. even more ridiculous that martin his hung and rope breaks then the sheriff takes him at gunpoint to finally head back to his town and save his wife from the bad bank employee. wouldn't he just return after the quick dispatch of the gang to save wife and arrest bad bank guy? just send the judge a note that gang confessed before being killed on trail????!!! overall, very sad acting and no point to movie.

who ever wrote the two or three glowing reviews were either involved in the making of this film, term used loosely, or bank rolling it, and should the latter be the case, i would want my seven dollars back! the actors, again term used loosely, are awful, in fact almost none of them did anything ever again which is a relief. the scenery and everything about this screams, we had 7 dollars to work with and a day to do it in. was this filmed in someones back yard? everything about this project says, low budget. the actors at best were d list. do not waste your time, unless of course you want to take it back and try to get the rental back. the lead bad guy looks like that punk from the 70s show that ended up marrying his grandmother dummee moore. my local blockbuster video store lists this as the movie most returned with sad commentary attached. even as a 99 cent rental this flick gathers dust. someone really must have owed some favors. this is a super stinker and i give it 10 turds.

i wasn't particularly impressed by this movie that has lackluster music and only lasts 40 minutes. thank god, because i was falling asleep. i makes excellent use of time lapse photography to display the passage of time in the movement of light and shadow, people, water, clouds, etc. unfortunately, that's all it is.my preference is for its predecessor, the excellent koyaanisqatsi made in 1983 at 87 minutes and to prove that a sequel can be better than the original, powaqqatsi made in 1988 running 90 minutes.try them both.

i purchased this movie on blu-ray because it promised great visuals and music. i was also a great fan of a similar movie... baraka. the movie is very much styled after baraka, wide angles, very similar shots with cameras set to capture long time passage in each shot. even some of the scenes were identical (the street with traffic). whereas baraka told a great story, juxtaposing nature, man-made environments, spirituality, and horrors of the world in an engrossing fashion and great music, this movie just jumped from shot to shot with no encompassing story, mediocre musical score, and then.... poof, it's finished! i thought there must be some sort of mistake! history of the world? half the movie is egypt and landscape (looks like arizona, but i didn't bother to check). seriously folks, this is horrible, rent it if you must, but do not buy it. the filmmakers should be ashamed of themselves for putting this out.

i was expecting a b-movie french musical. after all, dhéry, blanche, defunès were superstars of low budget french films of that time. and it is in color! but i have hallucination in this unbelievable one hour 30 of pure mediocrity. musical numbers are awful, and comedy is absolutely boring and stupid. and the songs? what songs? this is just a succession of bad numbers, one after another. the only one very rare thing about that thing is the nudity of women. it was not familiar at that time. in fact, some numbers are just there to show us topless women. it adds to the mediocrity! and try to find young michel serrault, the future great actor of french cinema, in a bit part as a musician, in his very first movie. good luck!

this grainy film has a cult following and one of those word-of-mouth features you just had to see. maybe hard to believe, but there is a rural community in southwest arkansas, fouke, that knows the legend is true. this tale is told in documentary-style narrated by vern stierman and filmed in actual locations talking to actual folks involved. the legend changes with the telling, but during the late 60s and most of the 70s the surrounding area of fouke was visited by a bigfoot-like creature that traveled along boggy creek. long limbed with three toes and standing over 7 foot tall, this hirsute creature periodically caused damage and frightened the 'bejeebers' out of most of the community. i personally crossed over the small boggy creek bridge in 1974, and yes the hair on the back of my neck did rise. of course it was about 1 a.m. in the rain. by the time i arrived in shreveport, i was laughing.

i watched this movie. to the end. and that was really not easy. it is so boring, bad played and in nearly every detail stolen from "blair witch project" that you can't believe the makers take this serious. even harder to believe, is how this "product" made it onto vhs and dvd.so, if want to see a horror-movie, just watch "scream", but if you want to laugh out loud and have a good time, watching some kids running through the woods screaming at each other and showing of their inability, watch dark area.

please! do not waste any money on this movie. it really is nothing more than a boring german blair witch ripoff made by some high school kids. i couldn't finish watching it, and usually i like watching all kinds of b-movies. how on earth could they find a distributor for it?!!! funny however: check out wikipedia for "dark area". the guy who wrote the entry must be completely out of his mind. maybe he got loads of money from the producers. money that should have been spend on actors, camera and editing. even that wouldn't have helped, since there is absolutely no interesting idea behind this film. unfortunately "dark area" has already gotten too much attention. please, director, producer and author of this movie, stop making movies like that...you are not doing yourself a favor. the world would be a better place without this film.

a friend of mine bought this (very cheaply) and decided to give it to me as a birthday present. i thought i'd never watch it 'cause i knew it was a joke and the cover of the dvd looked pathetic, but then my friends and i got really bored and watched it. from start till finish! i know quite an accomplishment but it really is a masterpiece. it's hard to describe. you should see it, it's a real lesson on what people are capable of when they believe they're creative and smart and really aren't. the "acting" is sous-terrain (you can actually see the "leading lady" laugh on some occasions, she's definitely the worst). the "story" is to stupid to be summed up and really everything in this film sucked. please, pay special attention to "the sheriff". the guy is an adult and therefor has absolutely no excuse to be involved in this. he's extremely bad as well. whatever it did have some hilarious moments. check it out, haha

not too keen on this really. the story is pretty horrid and unconvincing. i enjoyed the first 10 minutes, bill nunns good. after that it was pretty appalling. tim doesn't fit the role, he comes across as a smug self inflated ass & pruitt taylor vince is entirely unconvincing as a trumpet player. it's a idealist film and as a musician, feel slightly offended after watching it. there's no scenes of 1900 practising or playing with his fellow band mates, he's completely self indulgent. i find it hard to build any relationship with this kind of character, maybe i'm watching the wrong film. if you have no real passion for life or sense of what musics all about then happily indulge in the suspension of disbelief and watch this waffle.

the american humane association, which is the source of the familiar disclaimer "no animals were harmed..." (the registered trademark of the aha), began to monitor the use of animals in film production more than 60 years ago, after a blindfolded horse was forced to leap to its death from the top of a cliff for a shot in the film jesse james (1939). needless to say, the atrocious act kills the whole entertainment aspect of this film for me. i suppose one could say that at least the horse didn't die in vain, since it was the beginning of the public waking up to the callous and horrendous pain caused animals for the glory of movie making, but i can't help but feel that if the poor animal had a choice, this sure wouldn't have been the path he would have taken!

this had a great cast with big-name stars like tyrone power, henry fonda, randolph scott, nancy kelly, henry hull and brian donlevey and a bunch more lesser-but-known names with shorter roles. it also had technicolor, one of the few movies made with it in 1939.now the bad news.......regrettably, i can't say much positive for the story. it portrayed the james boys in a totally positive light....and hollywood has done that ever since. why these criminals are always shown to be the "good guys" is beyond me. this film glamorizes them and made their enemies - the railroad people - into vicious human beings. the latter was exaggerated so much it was preposterous. well, that's the film world for you: evil is good; good is bad.hey hollywood: here's a news flash - the james boys were criminals! really - look it up!

in a college dorm a guy is killed by somebody with a scythe. his girlfriend beth (dorie barton) discovers him and tries to commit suicide. she's institutionalized. a year later she's out, has a new boyfriend named hank (joseph lawrence) and is about to spend spring break with hank and four other mindless friends in a big, beautiful condo in florida. naturally the killer pops up (for no reason) and starts killing again.lousy slasher thriller--a textbook example of how not to do a low-budget horror movie. for starters, large portions of this film are endless filler of these six idiots videotaping themselves, having "fun" (more fun than the audience), getting drunk, acting stupid etc etc. also there is no nudity in here at all. i'm not saying a horror film needs nudity but anything to liven this up would have helped. none of the deaths are really shown (you hear them), are only a little bloody and there is no gore. there's one real gruesome one--but that's not till the end.with a few exceptions the acting sucks. dorie barton is dreadful as the main woman and tom jay jones is lousy as oz. chad allen pops up as brad and he's terrible. lawrence is actually very good--handsome and hunky and giving this crap his all. and jeff conaway pops up in a small role doing a pretty good job.logic lapses abound--after they realize a friend has been killed two of the girls casually talk about sex; baston's non reaction to seeing a friend getting killed is kind of funny and what happens to lawrence? his character disappears without a trace at the end! dull, stupid, no gore, no nudity--skip this one.

i know slashers are always supposed to be bad,but come on,what the hell is this?it's like a bunch of 10-year-olds saved their lunch money and started filming this by the end of their week.anyway,six young people all go to the same house to get killed off screen.we have the brainy one,the slut,the other slut,the black guy,the killer,stereotypes like that.after one gets eaten by a shaking boat,the others all get stalked by some guy who wears a mask the people at the poor box rejected.there's one pretty decent murder somewhere in the middle,but then it's back to even more boredom,and especially more false scares.seriously,we actually know it can't be the killer when a person gets attacked because the guy sure loves to take his sweet time for everything.after every character you expected to die dies,the standard ugly blonde chick and her soon-to-be-boyfriend eventually get captured by the killer(they get like,pushed down and then faint)and the killer reveals himself.i think the writers of this movie just took a blindfold and a pen and put it somewhere on the list of characters.the motive is just lame and don't even get me started on the damn secret.the killer then of course takes way too much time to explain everything(and then about ten minutes extra in which he slices up his own arm for some reason)and eventually gets overpowered by a guy with a gun.hey,no fair!really one of the most awful movies i've ever seen.i could enjoy myself more by watching a lindsay lohan-movie,i swear.i mean sure,most 80's slashers sucked as well but at least they threw in some t&a.this movie just has nothing going for it.

this is one of the worst horror movies i have ever seen... unfortunately, i am a horror movie buff and will rent any horror movie unless it's not made for t.v. when looking at the box it says it is rated r for gore and some language... where was the gore? was their one good death scene where you actually saw gore? i could have overlooked that if there had been some brief nudity or some good dialogue. there wasn't even one remotely witty or amusing line in this lame movie. sometimes horror movies are awesome because they are so stupid, but this was just sad.

do you guys wanna know a secret?. this movie sucks. well actually i don't know because if you allow yourself to be indulged by plagiarised versions of original movies, then perhaps you may find this movie astounding (this movie being a plagiarised copy of i know what you did last summer). the first 30 minutes of the movie is based on a typical story setting; a bunch of so-called cool teenagers relishing their vacation in florida and being themselves by behaving very much like the juveniles they are. the only insight we get at this point is the extent to which the director succeeded in illustrating a pretentious sense of adolescent decadence within the characters. the second half hour of the movie gains a little momentum and begins to illustrate a start to the no- where-near unprecedented killings. the third half hour of the movie will most definitely remain a mystery to me because i switched it off before i could further delude myself into thinking that the movie may still have something interesting and original left to show. as far as the story is concerned, it can easily be explained in a few lines. a bunch of teenagers go to florida on vacation. while they are busy partying, they slowly (and i mean slowly) begin to get killed because they know some sort of silly secret. the only thread to the killings is that all victims were matriculates of a common high school. one thing that did however amaze me about this movie, was how much betty (im not sure about her name..the blonde character) looks like reese witherspoon. another thing that amazed me about the movie was that it made me jump from my seat a few times. does that make it a work of art? absolutely not because my 12 year old niece made me drop a glass of orange juice because she "boo'ed" me when i was just about to go through the guest room door..whats the difference between the director and my 12 year old niece???? do you wanna know a secret??? i'm not sure about you guys, but i don't..

ok, a slasher movie. a very, very stupid slasher movie.we got your stereotypical teenagers in a house thing going. we got a fbi agent that's seen dirty harry one time too many. "so what's the secret....punks?" we got about 4 different little camera shots and scene that make no sense at all. "hey man, i'm fixing the sprinklers" ((that guy was my favorite part of the movie)) suddenly there's a preacher tied up on a couch watching home movies, he gets killed.they follow the killer into the middle of nowhere, with no cops. suddenly she's in a church, wearing a wedding dress. i swear this is the stupidest slasher movie i've ever seen.

**spoilers** redicules slasher film that makes no sense at all with a killer running around dressed in a black robe and wearing what looks like a pull-over peter lorre rubber mask. were told early in the movie, almost the very first scene, that young beth morgan was in rehab due to heavy drug use after her boyfriend was murdered in tennyson collage about a year ago.it's also brought out that fbi agent sacker's (jeff conaway), who's obsessed in catching the killer,daughter was also murdered in tennyson around the same time. by the time the movie "do you wanna know a secret" is over it's never explained just what those two killings back in connecticute has to do with the slaughter in florida of some half dozen collage students a year later? other that the killer, at least in the murder of beth's boyfriend, wore the same silly halloween outfit. at spring break in the sunshine state the six students spend their vacation at a beach house and before you know it they start getting knocked off one at a time. starting with computer geek brad clyton, chad allen, the killing even spill over into town with a number of people who have nothing to do with the targeted student including the police chief gavin, jack mcgee, getting sliced open. the masked killer saves beth for last in this weird ceremony at a deserted church, in what looks like the florida everglades. he then finally reveals who his is and what he intentions are which make as much sense as the movie does, none. trying to scare it's audience all the movie does is confuse and bewilder it with a number of not-too convincing slasher scenes. the most effective ones having the victim oz washington, tom jay jones, survive at least three attempts on his life and ending up, together with agent sacker, the hero in the film. oz also had a vicious cut on is foot from a large splinter of glass that almost cut it in half and crippled him but later he miraculously recovered, after getting arrested for a murder he didn't commit, in fact he had it out two more time with the killer with him not as much as having a slight limp in his walk! it also made no sense at all why oz and beth went on their own to tack down and catch the killer instead of calling the police, with a cellphone that oz had, instead? beth's boyfriend, who loses his head over her, in the movie hank ford, joseph lawrence, is also very unconvincing as well as the two girls at the beach house.they together with with beth oz end up being the killers victims and then somehow disappearing from sight! for a moment you didn't know if they were really killed at all or if it was some kind of hallucination on oz's or the local police part. until the off-the-wall final scene where they popped up in the church.we also get an insight on a previous relationship between tina and hank with her, drunk and acting obnoxious, trying to get it on with hank as beth walks in without hank and tina even noticing her. that seemed to have upset beth even more then her boyfriend being murdered at the beginning of the movie!

this mindless movie is a piece of crap and boring like the full house repetitions. for all the people who want to see a great, exciting and cool horror movie shouldn't even think about watching this bunch of mindless work. a f- in my opinion. i have one question, what were they thinking? let's make a list: 1) bad script 2) bad script 3) bad script 4) bad acting 5) bad directing and last but not least a bad script. i mean i am not like grumping about every movie, but i was disappointed when i watched it. this movie should be banned into a box, locked and sunk down into the sea. so please don't do something like this again, please, please, please!!!!

in a college dorm a guy is killed by somebody with a scythe. his girlfriend beth (dorie barton) discovers him and tries to commit suicide. she's institutionalized. a year later she's out, has a new boyfriend named hank (joseph lawrence) and is about to spend spring break with hank and four other mindless friends in a big, beautiful condo in florida. naturally the killer pops up (for no reason) and starts killing again.lousy slasher thriller--a textbook example of how not to do a low-budget horror movie. for starters, large portions of this film are endless filler of these six idiots videotaping themselves, having "fun" (more fun than the audience), getting drunk, acting stupid etc etc. also there is no nudity in here at all. i'm not saying a horror film needs nudity but anything to liven this up would have helped. none of the deaths are really shown (you hear them), are only a little bloody and there is no gore. there's one real gruesome one--but that's not till the end.with a few exceptions the acting sucks. dorie barton is dreadful as the main woman and tom jay jones is lousy as oz. chad allen pops up as brad and he's terrible. lawrence is actually very good--handsome and hunky and giving this crap his all. and jeff conaway pops up in a small role doing a pretty good job.logic lapses abound--after they realize a friend has been killed two of the girls casually talk about sex; baston's non reaction to seeing a friend getting killed is kind of funny and what happens to lawrence? his character disappears without a trace at the end! dull, stupid, no gore, no nudity--skip this one.rated r for graphic violence and some profanity.

good deaths. good mask. cool axe. good looking girls....but watch out!!! no plot and little scares completely lower it's standards. they tried to make an "i know what you did last summer", but ended up making a "scream". but hey, what do people expect from a horror movie? answers totally vary. rent it if you want, but i regret ever seeing it.

the secret is...this movie blows. sorry, but it just did. ****spoiler****in this bad riff on i know what you did last summer and scream, beth, played admirably by dorie barton, joins several friends on a spring break trip. the group rents a fancy house and tries to enjoy a fun vacation. then, the deaths begin. first one then another then another of the friends is murdered, leading to a sad and trite climax with predictable results. one note, dorie barton is the poor man's reese witherspoon–she looks like reese, acts like reese and could pass for reese in a police lineup. maybe that's how they cast her? anyhoo, decent cinematography and fair acting could not quite make up for bad dialog and terrible writing.

i normally have no problem walking away from a bad movie, however this was an unique case. this movie was so bad that i actually sat through the whole thing almost praying it would have one minute of good movie time to justify the hour and a half that was wasted. needless to say i was brutally disappointed. set at a beach house where a group of college friends are celebrating vacation, this movie suffers from numerous problems making it not worth seeing. first, there are gaping plot holes. second, very few of the c-list (i don't even dare call them b) actors can act worth a damn, so any scenes that have potential fail miserably. third, the rate of the film is very choppy and awkward to watch most of the time making suspense building very difficult, leading to very few surprises for the audience. fourth and most importantly, the ending is completely anti-climatic partially because of how it ends (setting/who the killer turns out to be) and partially because the dialog is just atrocious. to the films credit, it is the only movie that i will ever say is the worst movie i have ever scene, and i've seen a lot.so, just like a bad joke you would have been all the happier never hearing, the next time someone asks you if you want to know a secret you will be yelling no, you really don't as you run in the opposite direction.

it's frequently said that movies can never equal the original book. well, in this case, not only the movie is not "as good" as the book, but is an insult to the book. i'd rather see milan kundera's novel turned on fire than into this "something," which the director probably calls "adaptation."all the beautiful philosophy that asks "is it better to carry a heavy load on your shoulders, or cope with the unbearable lightness of being?" is put aside, and instead, all the movie deals with is daniel day lewis' (i cannot say tomas) sexual adventures with his dumb wife, his mistress, and his other mistresses. françois truffaut already said it: bad directors make bad movies. don't waste your time and money. read the book instead, it's really worth it.

oh, i heard so much good about this movie. went to see it with my best friend (she's female, i'm male). now please allow me a divergent opinion from the mainstream. after the first couple of dozen "take off your clothes," we both felt a very strange combination of silliness and boredom. we laughed (at it, not with it), we dozed (and would have been better off staying in bed), we were convinced we had spent money in vain. and we had. the plot was incoherent, and the characters were a group of people about whom it was impossible to care. a waste of money, a waste of celluloid. this movie doesn't even deserve one out of ten votes, but that's the lowest available. i'm not sure why this movie has the reputation that it does of being excellent; i don't recommend it to anyone who has even a modicum of taste or intelligence.

this is possibly one of the worst movies i have ever seen. i don't care what the critics say, it's bad. i think the problem is with kundera's novel. it's not that it's unfilmable; it's just that like 99% of his work, it's pretentious and overdrawn. he seems to be enamored with himself,his characters come off as navel-gazing, and his novels as a whole are misogynistic. i have read many of his works (even his socialist realist poetry. that was truly awful) -- i just don't understand what the fuss is about. characteristics (like the self-absorption) in his novels make for infuriating reading. in a movie, all the things that i dislike about kundera were magnified. maybe i just missed something, but i don't think so. on a side note, i cannot believe that this is a criterion collection dvd. no way is this movie that essential.

yeah cheap shot i know, but this movie is a great example of how a collection of signifiers of 'deepness' (political turmoil, love/lust) can be combined haphazardly to great critical acclaim (see also 'american beauty'). kaufman's movie plods along with gratuitous sex scenes interspersed with often painful dialog sequences (in one scene i counted three different 'generic european' accents affected by the actors) and displays of state might run amok, yet fails to tie them together into the coherent meditation kundera offered. and in its over-long three hours it manages almost completely to gloss over franz,the missing fourth piece in the love triangle that lies at the heart of the plot, and in this manner sacrifices the novel's central mechanism of displaying the spectrum of emotions and of power relations that obtain in love affairs. it also fails to even include token screen time for tomas' son, used in the novel to exemplify some of the political points kundera was making in the novel. combined with the overweening soundtrack, these flaws make this movie's three hours unbearably weighty in tone yet light in content.

harsh, yes, but i call 'em like i see 'em.i saw this in the late 80's, and it was truly one of the most awful, boring films i've ever forced myself to watch.yes, the cinematography is lovely. the czech settings are truly stunning. the political backdrop is enticing, but unlike similar "historically set" stories (e.g. _dr. zhivago_ (qv)), this one failed to make the politics relevant to the story, or even interesting.sure, olin and binoche are beautiful. but this film manages to make even "erotic" scenes plodding and slow. i'm all for romance, but this movie was so boring, i started hoping the russians would shoot them all and put an end to my misery.i'm sure if i'd read the book, the story would have made a bit more sense. however, life's too short to expend any more time on this one.

seriously, why do american and frech actors pretending to be czechs need to speak perfect english with a fake russian accent? i am a man, so i enjoyed the gratuitous nudity--but a soft porn flick would have more of that, and at least wouldn't pretend it's artistic.all the political statements where painfully didactic- has the director heard of subtlety? the acting was also woody and melodramatic, and the comic relief was never funny. the characters were very shallow, and i just couldn't identify with them at all.the bit where i did laugh was when they cut the actors into archival footage of the demonstrations in prague - and they were black and white and then sepia to match the footage-just ludicrous.i read many of kundera's short stories (not the unbearable lightness of being), and there are good things about his style of writing (although his themes are one big male fantasy)-and i have to say, the film did not convey any of the goodness of kunderas style.

this film is quite boring. there are snippets of naked flesh tossed around in a lame attempt to keep the viewer awake but they don't succeed.the best thing about the movie is lena olin--she does a masterful job handling her character, but day-lewis garbles most of his lines.kaufman clearly had no idea how to film this. the incongruities in bouncing between domestic household/marriage issues and political crises are badly matched. character attitudes change without explanation throughout. badly disjointed.

after reading the book, which had a lot of meaning for me, the movie didn't give me any of the feeling which the book conveyed. this makes me wonder if kaufman even liked this book for he successfully made it into something else.either that or he is simply bad. most importantly where is the lightness?! from the very first scene, music drownes out most of the dialogue and feeling, and this continues right through the movie. i think the makers thought that by having upbeat music playing right through the movie, this would make the story feel light- however they have completely failed here. instead the music manages to give everything that 'movie feel', in a way dramatising events so that we linger on them, so that everything actually feels heavy.another example of the how this adaptation fails is by embellishing the story line making it more dramatic. in the movie we see franz passing tomas on the street, who is on his way to see sabina. the introduction of this chance meeting/passing, which im sure didn't happen in the book, gives tomas' story more significance than it does make it light.there are many other examples where the continuity of the story has been changed, imo for the worst, however this might have been done because the book simply doesn't convert well into a movie, such is kundera's style. this makes we wonder if all the generous reviewers on this site were writing with their book and movie experience in mind rather than writing about just the film. a film which is as long as it is uncompelling. for those who haven't read the book yet i recommend just reading that. for those who have, i have to say you will just be wasting your time and probably end up here writing similar stay-clear warnings.

*** contains spoilers ***i did not like this movie at all.i found it amazingly boring and rather superficially made, irrespective of the importance and depth of the proposed themes: given that eventually we have to die, how should we approach life? in a "light" way, like tomas; in a "heavy" way like tereza; or should we find ways not to face that question, like sabina? how much is fidelity important in a relationship? how much of the professional life can be mutilated for the sake of our loved ones? how much do we have to be involved in the political life and the social issues of our country?unfortunately, i haven't read kundera's novel but after having being let down by the movie i certainly will: i want to understand if the story was ruined by the movie adaptation (which is my guess) or if it was dull from the beginning.i disagree with most of the positive comments that defined the movie as a masterpiece. i simply don't see the reasons why. what i see are many flaws, and a sample of them follows.1) the three main characters are thrown at you and it's very hard to understand what drives them when making their choices.2) the "secondary" characters are there just to fill the gaps but they don't add nothing to the story and you wonder if they are really necessary.3) i did not like how tomas was impersonated. nothing is good for him. he is so self-centered and selfish. he is not human, in some sense. but when his self-confidence fails and he realizes that he depends on others and is emotionally linked to someone, i did not find the interpretation credible.4) it's very unlikely that an artist like sabina could afford her lifestyle in a communist country in 1968. on top of that, the three main characters are all very successful in their respective professions, which sounds strange to me. a) how can tereza become effortlessly such a good photographer? b) how can they do so well in a country lacking all the economic incentives that usually motivate people to succeed?5) the fake accents of the english spoken by the actors are laughable. and i am not even mother tongue. moreover, the letter that sabina receives while in the us is written in czech, which i found very inconsistent.6) many comments praised the movie saying that prague was beautifully rendered: i guess that most of the movie was shot on location, so it's not difficult to give the movie a eastern european feeling, and given the intrinsic beauty of prague is not even difficult to make it look good.7) i found the ending sort of trivial. tereza and tomas, finally happy in the countryside, far away from the temptations of the "metropoly", distant from the social struggles their fellow citizens are living, detached from their professional lives, die in a car accident. but they die after having realized that they are happy, indeed. so what? had they died unhappy, would the message of the movie have been different? i don't think so. i considered it sort of a cheap trick to please the audience.8) the only thing in the movie which is unbearably light is the way the director has portrayed the characters. you see them for almost three hours, but in the end you are left with nothing. you don't feel empathy, you don't relate to them, you are left there in your couch watching a sequence of events and scenes that have very little to say.9) i hated the "stop the music in the restaurant" scene (which some comments praised a lot). why sabina has got such a strong reaction? why franz agrees with her? i really don't see the point. the only thing you learn is that sabina has got a very bad temper and quite a strong personality. that's it. what's so special and unique about it?after all these negative comments, let me point tout that there are two scenes that i liked a lot (that's why i gave it a two).the "naked women photoshoot", where the envy, the jealousy, and the insecurities of sabina and tereza are beautifully presented.the other scene is the one representing the investigations after the occupation of prague by the russians. tereza pictures, taken to let the world know about what is going on in prague, are used to identify the people taking part to the riots. i found it quite original and tereza's sense of despair and guilt are nicely portrayed.finally, there is a tiny possibility that the movie was intentionally "designed" in such a way that "tomas types" are going to like it and "tereza ones" are going to hate it. if this is the case (i strongly doubt it, though) then my comment should be revised drastically.

i think phillip kaufman read the cliff's notes version of the kundera novel and then set about making this film. okay, of course it won't have the punch of the original. kundera's novels are great because of his manipulation of the narrative concept, his ability to step in and out of stories he constructs. this film does not even try! the one dream sequence of tereza's, so vital to the atmosphere of the book, is reworked and makes no sense whatsoever. also, and this is perhaps a lesser point, daniel day-lewis looks a lot like ben stiller in this (i know it's not really a valid complaint, but hey). a perfect example of the hollywood-izing of otherwise fine literature.

another great movie by costa-gavras. it's a great presentation of the situation is latin america and the us involvement in latin american politics. the facts might or might not be accurate but it is a fact that the us was deeply involved in coups and support of latin american dictatorships.despite this though the spirit of the movie follows the typical leftist/communist propaganda of the cold war era. costa-gavras is a well-known communist sympathizer and his movies are always biased. for example he presents the us actions as brutal and inhumane, while representing tupamaros' extremist activities as something positive.as it turned out it was a blessing for uruguay and the rest of the latin america that the us got involved. europe is filled with poor east european prostitutes. i never heard of poor uruguayan or chilean girls prostituting themselves en masse as it happens in most east european countries. the us was fighting a dirty war and god bless us all the monster of soviet communism was defeated. it is unfortunate the us had to do what it did in latin america (and elsewhere) but sometimes you need to play dirty. this is not an idealistic world as costa-gavras and matamoros like to believe. had matamoros come to power in uruguay, we would've had another ukraine in latin america.all in all this movie follows corrupt and bankrupt leftist ideology of times past and tries to pass it as idealistic and morally correct.

hanna-barbera sucks the life out of another famous property. the violence is watered down, the stories are formulaic, the animation is bad, the music is obnoxious and repetitive, and frankly, the show just isn't funny.at the time, h-b put every one of its series through the same clichéd situations, regardless if it fit the world of the cartoon or not. thus, popeye and bluto appear in a recurring segment as cavemen ("hey! popeye is popular, and the flinstones are popular. put 'em together, and you can't miss!"). also, in an apparent ripoff of "private benjamin," olive oyl and the goon have a regular segment that features them as new army recruits. seriously! why? adding to the annoyance factor are the public service announcements in every episode (standard practice at the time for cartoons, but still annoying). popeye lectures his nephews on crossing the street safely, recycling, and - are you ready for this? - the dangers of smoking! (i swear i'm not making that up.)the only charm remaining from the original cartoons is that jack mercer, the voice of popeye from the early days, continues the role here.worth checking out once just to get a new appreciation for the old fleischer shorts. otherwise, avoid at all costs.

popeye and big foot **; popeye's engine company **; getting popeye's goat **1/2i used to lap these up as a kid but, catching an episode of the series comprising three cartoons back-to-back now i.e. several years later (they preceded the theatrical screening of the pirate yarn raiders of the seven seas [1953]), i can see how they don't hold up all that well! the character of popeye isn't exactly sympathetic to begin with, olive oyl distinctly overbearing and bluto's antics failed to elicit much interest either – in short, the scripts were alarmingly thin, fairly awful and generally unfunny to boot. they're strictly juvenile fare, yet i doubt today's kids would even have the patience to stick with them!; furthermore, the animation style is unattractive.taking each short per se, i guess they improved from one to the other: after the initial shock, one adapted to its mediocre quality as it were, so that the third cartoon easily results in being the most enjoyable of the lot – popeye is entrusted with a mascot army goat whose immense appetite causes him no end of mischief (hardly original, i know, but always an amusing ploy). one interesting element here was that the shorts were bookended with popeye delivering moralistic bits of wisdom to the kids in the audience.

... mainly because ju-on 2 boasts an outrageous forty minutes' worth of material literally taken straight out of the first ju-on - and when you consider that the sequel only runs for 76 minutes, that leaves you with 36 original minutes' worth of film. ho-hum. i found that deeply irritating - as if viewers simply wouldn't remember the same stuff! - not to mention dull, having to watch it all over again.ok, that complaint aside, the byline for ju-on 2 was that it was supposed to explain a lot of the unanswered questions from the first movie, which frankly, over 36 minutes, simply doesn't go far enough to making any kind of sense of the original's highly convoluted storyline.there are, however, some really nice new horror sequences which show how good the film might have been, had it had some time to develop; and some of the questions raised by the original - some, but not all - are answered.so in conclusion - if you loved the first original movie and want to see some further developments on the story, go for it - but just remember to keep your remote control to hand with your finger on the fast-forward button for forty minutes.

this movie was the most horrible movie watching experience i have ever had to endure, and what is worse is the fact that i had to watch it, and didn't have the opportunity to stop it because it was for school! admittedly, the storyline was decent...but i found the acting terrible! the exception was marianne jean-baptiste, i thought her performance was wonderful. she was the only highlight, without her, i doubt i would have been able to bear watching the film. every time i hear somebody say "daarling" i cringe! i nearly attacked a customer the other day because they said "it". it made me remember one of the worst one and a half hours of my life!(i apologise if this has offended anybody, i am only expressing my opinion)

i have seen a lot of movies...this is the first one i ever walked out of the theater on. don't even bother renting it. this is about as boring a soap opera as one can see...at least you don't have to pay to watch a soap opera, though.

"horrible people" ought to be the subtitle of this horrible film. if you want to see ordinary people doing ordinary things, then look out of your window at real life. but if you want to see unpleasant people doing dull things, you'll have to watch this horrible film by mike leigh. the characters talk at length, but never actually manage to communicate with each other. why not? presumably because leigh things that all of us are as ineffective and pathetic as his actors, and he wants to film real life. but we're not, and he failed.

well, eyeboy, i must say that it pleases me to no end when someone singles me out and tries to make fun of me, especially when it is someone who seems as intelligent as you do. my favorite part of your post was "but no big bang-bang good-guy bad-guy here, kimosabe. me suggest you stick to movie with lotsa bang bang."well said! i do like action movies, especially if they are well done, but i also like movies that don't have a whole lot of action, as long as they are well done. i'm sorry, but secret's and lies does not fit into that category and is simply a very bad movie. i really don't see very many non-american films, so maybe i was spoiled, and didn't realize how bad foreign films really were when i saw secrets and lies. perhaps if i judge foreign movies by a different standard i could some day see how secrets and lies could possibly be one of the highest rated movies on the imdb. hmm... if true, that is very scary.jeremy barger bits@midohio.net(new e-mail)

first of all there wasn't really anything in this movie that grabbed me really. it wasn't a bad movie, just another movie where i said "well, that wasn't anything special" after i'd seen it. there was probably drama and stuff, but it simply didn't grab me, but more seamed semi-dull. as i said in the headline it seamed very cheap in a way. the quality of the film itself (the images) seamed like a low quality and reminded me more of some cheap made for tv-movie than a well respected english film-maker. the camera angles and shots were very amateur like in my opinion. didn't really have any close up shots or similar effects to produce interesting scenes. i haven't seen many english films and the ones i've seen didn't really impress me more than this and they seamed kind of similar done with the camera work, colors and such. "game" tried to be more cool, hip & smart (see my review of "lola rennt" about this if you wish), but didn't succeed for me either. overall just a little indifferent movie that wasn't anything special (at best, i'm afraid) and basically unfortunately over two hours wasted.

at least among those movies with 100 votes or more. nominated for best screenplay written directly for the screen? brenda blethyn nominated for best actress in a leading role?? nominated for best picture?? i always disagree with many of the oscar picks, but this movie might very well be the worst movie of all time to be honored by the academy. the writing and acting were both horrible. blethyn's perfomance in particular was one of the worst i've ever seen, and probably the most over-rated acting performance of all time. awful movie, not worthy of the big screen and not worthy of any cable or television channel that has ever played it, including hbo(where i saw it). i am only thankful i didn't actually pay to see one of the most over-rated movies of all time.

time is precious. this film isn't. i must learn to ignore critics who rave about small films like fargo and this complete waste of time.the theater was packed and everyone left with the same reaction: is this the film the critics are raving about? what a piece of crap!the hook of this film is the upwardly mobile black daughter seeking out and finding her white trash family. get it?the acting is superb.the production (lighting, sets, editing, sound) is about 2 steps above a 60 minutes story. the characters are shallow and unintelligent. i was insulted by the fact that these people could not figure out about each other what was blatantly obvious to the audience; the audience was murmuring to the movie screen what the characters should say next.i have had more fun doing the laundry.

painful to watch, and not entirely for empathy with the struggles of the characters. two of the main characters, cynthia the mother and monica the acknowledged daughter, spend the great bulk of the film pathetically mewling and bitterly bitching respectively. their characters are so firmly established that their redemption into tolerable personalities after a quick family catharsis is unbelievable. it wasn't worth the wait. i wish a worthy pitch for honesty among families was less of a headache to view.

(spoilers)wow, this is a bad one. i did a double take when watching an old star trek episode the other day-it was the one where everyone gets infected with that space sickness and then go a bit nuts-and there was stewart moss, a.k.a the unlikable 'hero' of it lives by night! he played the first crewmember infected, who dies from terminal depression. all i could think was that he'd watched his own movie too many times, that's what caused the depression. this movie is full of truly unlikable people. there is no redeeming character in the film, not one. it's very hard to feel bad about dr. beck's turning into a bat(or whatever he actually turned into), because you just don't like him. and you don't like his shrill, bony wife, or the nasty sleazy sgt. ward, or dr. mustache love...so why would you invest any time or energy in this movie? where there is no empathy with the characters, there is no reason to bother caring about it. not to mention the horrible cinematography, which made it look like they'd filmed the movie through urine, and the five cent bat special effects, many of which appeared to be pieces of paper thrown into a fan to simulate hordes of bats flying. not the worst film i've ever seen on mst3k, but down there in the bottom ranks, definitely.

the movie that shoots scenes of a scenic caverns tour.remember no one from this movie except for michael pataki who dished out extreme pain as jc in "five the hard way". he's the really annoying sheriff who i did applaud when he practices nightstick on our rabid doctor. probably the most laughs you will have is with dr. beck's epileptic seizures out of nowhere. could mrs. beck be anymore wooden? seriously, if you took a 4 foot branch, stuck it in a hot tub, you wouldn't be able to notice a difference. the dread and suspense is looking over at the clock wondering when the credits will roll.watch it as a late night movie, mstified, but don't go out of your way.

"the bat people" is a really bad film that deserved the mst3k treatment just as well like that other film "the creeping terror."in it, we are in some sort of mountainous terrain full of bats. we see many things happen, like bats flying out and attacking and stuff, station wagon chases, mishaps at the emergency room, and much more! all this, plus the cheesy mediocrity of the 1970s (hey, think "mitchell" here!), making "the bat people" actually one of the very best of the last "mystery science theater 3000" episodes made in the series! moviewise, it's awful. it should be avoided like the plague, unless tom servo and crow are watching with you."the bat people" - more like "the bad people!!!!!" lol1/10 of course!!!!!

i didn't think this was as absolutely horrible as some people apparently do. it passes as one of those cheesy horror movies you might waste time with in the middle of the night when you can't sleep, although admittedly it's no better quality than that. it's true that the acting isn't great - i thought marianne mcandrew as cathy beck, for example, came across as completely passionless - but the main problem is that several aspects of the plot didn't really make sense to me. the becks are on a trip described by john (stewart moss) as part work and partly the honeymoon they never had (now that's romantic!) the work part has something to do with touring caves, which in itself sounds strange (how does being part of a tour group through a cave relate to anyone's work?) but it gets stranger when we find out that he's a doctor doing research in the area of preventative medicine (huh? that connection completely lost me.) bitten by a bat while he's in the cave, he begins to transform into what i guess was supposed to be a human-bat hybrid (although when we finally see him in makeup he looks a lot more like an ape-man of some sort) and a killing spree starts. here's another problem. the first killing is a nurse in a hospital. at first, everyone thinks her death was an accident. the second murder is of a young girl, who is described as having her throat ripped out. the sheriff (michael pataki) then tells us that her death was similar to the nurse's (meaning throat ripped out? - how could anyone think that was an accident?) and what's with the sheriff? he seems pretty no-nonsense until the scene in cathy's hotel room when he takes a swig of liquor and then almost rapes her, after which everything seems to go back to normal. it's saddled with an ending that left almost everything unresolved, and also with one of the most irritating theme songs i've ever heard in a movie. even for all that, there was something here that kept me watching. sometimes pure cheesiness can get you through an hour and a half. pretty bad, yeah - but not as awful as some people say.

currently, this film is listed on imdb as the 42nd worst film ever made--which is exactly why i rented it from netflix. however, i am saddened to report that the film, while bad, is no where near bad enough to merit being in the bottom 100 films ever made list. i have personally seen at least 100 films worse than this one. hardly a glowing endorsement, but it just didn't meet the expected level of awfulness to be included on this infamous list.the film begin with stewart moss and marianne mcandrew on their belated honeymoon (by the way, they are married in real life as well). he's a doctor who is obsessed with bats and insists they go to a nearby cave. once there, they behave very, very, very stupidly (hallmark of a bad film) and are soon bitten by a bat. according to this film, bats love to attack people and there are vampire bats in the us--both of which are not true at all.oddly, after being bitten, the man doesn't even bother going to the hospital!! the first thing on anyone's mind (especially a doctor) is to get medical help immediately, but not this boob. soon, he's having seizures--yet he still isn't interested in seeking help! again and again you keep thinking that this must be the stupidest couple in film history!! after a while, he eventually goes to see a doctor and is sent to the hospital. but, by then it's too late and his attacks become more violent and he begins killing people to suck their blood. when it's totally obvious to everyone that the man is a crazed killing machine, the wife (who, like her husband, has a grapefruit for a brain) refuses to believe he's dangerous--even after he attacks people, steals an ambulance and runs a police car off the road!! now most of the time moss is going through these episodes, his eyes roll back and he looks like a normal person. oddly, however, a couple times he develops bat-like hands and towards the end they used some nice prosthetics on him to make him look quite bat-like. had this been really cheesy, the film would have merited a 1.in the very end, in a twist that hardly made any sense at all, the wife inexplicably turned into a crazed bat lady and had a swarm of bats kill the evil sheriff. how all this was arranged was a mystery as was moss' and mcandrew's belief that this film would somehow help their careers--though they both have had reasonably long careers on tv playing bit roles since 1974.overall, very dumb. the plot is silly and makes no sense and strongly relies on people acting way too dumb to be real. not a good film at all, but not among the worst films of all time either.note: for some reason, imdb shows the graphic for the three dvd set for it's alive and it's two sequels of the web page for the bat people. while the bat people has been seen with the title "it's alive", the two movies are not at all related. it's easy to understand the mistake--especially since they both came out in 1974, but the movie i just reviewed starred stewart moss and marianne mcandrew and the other film starred john ryan and sharon farrell.

ok, don't let my summary fool you. this movie sucks hard. but the worst movie ever? this movie was terrible in ways people shouldn't have to rack their brains to describe. but it is in no way worse than manos: the hands of fate, hobgobblins, horrors of spider island, or a small handful of movies. as a review the movie sucks, it's terrible. don't see it with out mst or you may develop health problems. but there are worse movies.

i dunno sometimes...you try and try and try to be charitable towards all the b thru z grade movies out there, but once in a while a particular movie just tests your patience until you want to slap everyone involved. "bat people" (which i saw under the title "it lives by night") is just such a movie. you can't watch this without thinking that it really should have been an episode on "night gallery", and not one of the better ones, either. the movie has something to do with a doctor who gets bitten by a bat and consequently starts to morph into a were-bat who drinks human blood. (actually, you'd think if he was turning into a real bat, he'd be eating mosquitoes by the gallon bucket, but because this is a cheap, lurid horror movie, blood's the word.) in spite of the fact that he has grand-mal seizures at the drop of a hat, and black-out episodes almost every night, his friend and fellow physician, dr. mustache aspen-extreme, insists that he's just having an 'allergic reaction' to the rabies shots. meanwhile, the world's most obnoxious and stereotyped county sheriff suspects the doc of being responsible for the brutal murder and exsanguination of several local girls (and one wino). also meanwhile, the doctor's wife decides that denial is a river in egypt and alternately patronizes him and nags him to distraction. it's not so much that the acting is bad - you can tell that the actors are making professional level choices, and are trying to bring some juice and life to the script, even the guy who plays the sheriff. (okay, it is pretty bad, but it's bad in a clichéd, wooden, professional way). it's just that everything about the acting, the way the scenes are paced, the costumes, the dialog, the script and the story line in general sets your teeth on edge and makes you want to, well, slap everyone involved.i think the movie had an outside chance at being a spooky, unsettling little cult favorite, but:1)the director needed to beat michael pataki, an experienced character actor, with a chair until pataki agreed to act, and not just channel dennis weaver. 2)he also needed to find a script that made a little more sense with regard to the whole "bat bites human, who then turns into a bat" scenario. 3) he also needed the actor who played the doctor to find a little more physically believable bit of stage business for his 'episodes', instead of resorting to "man has a seizure" page from the little golden book of clichéd acting mannerisms. 4) he needed to rework the whole 'wife' character, make her both more intelligent, less shrill and waaaaay more observant. i would never voluntarily watch this film again, except with the help of mike and the bots. it's bad, but it isn't bad in a silly, humorous or interesting way. still better than "battlefield earth" or "waterworld", though.

americans have the attention span of a fruit fly and if something does not happen within the span of a typical commercial, we tend to lose interest really fast.i found out an exciting fact from this film: someone has to paint high tension utility poles and do it on a schedule! and guess what, they really would like to be doing something else (the viewer has similar feelings).surprisingly, when i was bored watching late night infomercials and decided to actually watch this film, i found the characters to be interesting and highly engaging.i just don't usually watch that much late night tv, so i can't recommend this film, unless watching paint dry is your idea of an exciting two hours out of your life.

movie didn't have much plot and was uninteresting. basically you spend a lot of time watching people paint. also it's very difficult to hear or understand the dialogue -- partially because of the accents, but also because words are mumbled.

well, i guess i'll have to be the one to say "the emperor has no clothes." when i saw this show listed for pbs last night i was both hopeful and apprehensive. i loved "morse" (even going so far as to buy the complete dvd set) and felt that, while i always liked kevin whately's sgt. lewis character, the show was john thaw, period! after watching the new "inspector lewis" (as it is billed here), i am more convinced then ever that i was right...whately is fine (even though he looks awful (both badly aged and too fat), but he simply doesn't have the charisma to carry the show as did thaw.and as for his "sidekick" fox, well...perhaps the reviewers here from england can understand what he's saying, but i for one mostly could not.as for ms. innocent...all i can say is that i miss james grout.i'm sorry to say that they should have left "morse" rest in peace.

if john waters had written and directed "house of 1000 corpses" after being struck about the head repeatedly with a heavy object, the result would probably be something like "the blood shed." it's mildly entertaining for the first half hour, but then it slides into a sort of featureless glop of constant screaming and people doing things to each others genitalia with electric carving knives, cutlery and pliers. susan adriensen (sno cakes) is incredibly annoying and terry west (elvis bullion) is almost as bad in whatever it is he's doing in front of the camera.maybe the best thing about "the blood shed" is that it won't take most viewers very long to forget about it.

this so-called prequel is just a badly made remake to to a better version of dangerous liasons. the plots are identical as is most of the script. i loved the book its based off of, and i loved the first movie, but i'm not even going to bother with the 3rd movie. the pointless banter between the two main characters in the prequel was completely predictable and unoriginal, and...i just can't stress how bad the movie was. if you don't want to take my word for it, just watch it, and you'll see what i mean. if you've read a review that says that 'if you likes the first one, you'll like the second one' the only reason that is is because it is the exact same movie! although the plot is not even as good. they took so many lines from the first movie, its hard to tell which movie you're watching.

the first cruel intentions, the original, is my favorite movie of all time. it was an absolute masterpiece. so how on earth could they make a sequel so downright bad. sarah michelle gellar was perfect in the first movie. in this one, amy adams sucks. she is terrible. and couldn't they have found a chick who actually looked like sarah michelle gellar? at least the same hair color!!! i mean come on. robin dunn isn't as bad as adams, but he is absolutely terrible when compared to ryan phillipe. the sebastian in the first film is devious, deceitful, and much more evil than the sebastian in the prequel. and what is up with the story line. it basically goes like this...1- sebastian has a bad rep at his first school, so the movie says, although it mentions nothing about him and his dating life, and how he has been with girls 2- sebastian moves to new york, and just suddenly decides he's going to turn himself around. he "falls in love" with danielle (might i remind you that in the original, sarah michelle giller says quote "you broke up with the first person you ever loved because i said to- so how can he have been in love in the prequel???). and he's all nice and charming, and all "good person", as he turns down sex from the chick his dad was doing.3- he does a complete 180, and ends up in a threesome at the end of the movie, and then seducing cherry.i mean, its terrible. and i loved the first one so much. i haven't even seen the third one yet. i hope to god its better than this prequel.

i watched this movie at 3'o clock in the morning, a time in the day where i am usually very open when it comes to movies. but still i think it wasn't good, this movie wasn't good at all. the reasons why are many.the acting isn't all that good, and time after time situations occurring in it reminded me of a poor 90's chevy chase comedy. i mean, come on, like the handcuff situation, and the poker situation amongst the servants... this movie was so obviously based very much on the first one, and thats ok. but if i hadn't seen the first one before seeing this, it would have sucked even worse. like the ending, it came very suddenly, and i felt like i got no closure what so ever... sebastian changed very suddenly, and this this movie seems like it was made solely to explain nr 1, and like no time or effort was used on making anything else good. the score is the same as in the first one, and it didn't feel like a movie at all...they should have handled the situations with more style and class, but they didn't, and therefore, this movie turned out bad...

cruel intentions 2 is bloody awful, i mean uber-bad. words can not explain how bad it is, but i'll give it a go anyway.the plot of cruel intentions 2 is very similar to the first film. sebastian (robin dunne), is kicked out of a private school and is forced to move to new york. there he decides to make a fresh start and just a life a normal life and settle down. unfortunately he has to deal with his step-sister kathryn (amy adams) wants to drag him down. sebastain starts to fall in love danielle (sarah thompson), the innocent daughter of the headmaster of the school. kathryn wants sebastain to just sleep around with the whole school which had been describe as a 'whore-house'. kathryn also wants to get revenge with cherie (keri lynn pratt), who humiliated her during the school assembly. kathryn wanted to make the freshman into the biggest slut in the school, a similar sub-plot to the first film.cruel intentions 2 is basically a cancelled tv-show, which was turned into a prequel. there are so many problems with the film. it is poorly written, unfunny, and badly acted. luckily for amy adams that the show never took off because now she is a fairly big actress. whilst cruel intentions had a sense of realism and can been seen to be set in the real world, cruel intentions 2 is set in sitcom land and as described on amazon.co.uk 'a randy version of saved by the bell'. there were some dark themes involving sex and drug use in the first film, but in cruel intentions 2 tried to make it funny and some of the ideas in the film shouldn't be, such as kathryn having an affair with a teacher. other ideas also don't work such as the secret society where all the popular kids meet to discuss the downfall of other students. the film also had a major problem of sexualised 15/16-years-old. i know that teenagers do have sex, sometimes a lot, but when done on film or television, is treated very seriously. one famous sense was when daneille encourages cherie (who is around 14/15 in the film) to simulate sex on the back of a horse to the point where she has a orgasm. the idea of turning a girl around 14/15 into a slut is just very wrong with me, and shouldn't be made into a subject of comedy. the jokes in the film fall flat, whether if it's a verbal gag like 'she goes all moist when she sees you' to a visual gag where sebastian pushes kathryn face first into mud.there is a lot wrong with this film, which i don't have time to go into, but i say it should be avoid. just watch cruel intentions, whilst not a classic, still is a decent film and treats the subject matter well.this film is just a pervert's wet dream, having school-kids having lots of sex with each other.

basically, cruel intentions 2 is cruel intentions 1, again, only poorly done. the story is exactly the same as the first one (even some of the lines), with only a few exceptions. the cast is more unknown, and definitely less talented. instead of being seductive and drawing me into watching it, i ended up feeling dirty because it compares to watching a soft-core porn. i'm not sure whether to blame some of the idiotic lines on the actors or the writers...and i always feel bad saying that, because i know how hard it is to do both...but it was basically a two-hour waste of my life. it literally amazes me that some movies get made, and this is no exception...i can't believe they'd make a third one.

they had such potential for this movie and they completely fall flat. in the first cruel intentions, we are left wondering what motivated the lead characters to become the way they are and act the way they do. there is almost no character development whatsoever in this prequel. it's actually a very sad story but this film did nothing for me. it was as if they left out good writing in place of unneeded f-words. and the end makes absolutely no sense and doesn't explain anything. the writing was just terrible. another thing that bothered me was that they used at lease 3 of the exact same lines that were in the original. such as "down boy", or the kissing scene, and a few others i can't remember. i was not impressed at all by robin's acting, but amy did a great job. that's about the only thing that reconciled this movie.

