i read the novel 'jane eyre' for the first time back in 1986. it was round that time that i saw the bbc-version with timothy dalton and zelah clarke. it was an excellent version and very much like the book. years later, i laid eyes on this version and was horrified. william hurt is totally miscast as mr rochester. mr rochester is a passionate character, where as william hurt portrays him as a block of ice. the same goes for charlotte gainsborough. it was like watching two zombies together. this is story about love and passion, but i couldn't see it in this version. no, back to the bbc-version. a wonderful time is guaranteed.

jane eyre_ is one of the greatest novels in the english language and this screenwriter should of read it. i hate it when writers use spark notes for what a novel is all about. this movie is unbearable to watch if you have read the book.the whole 'red room' is so down played that i wonder why they even bother to put it in. in the book the 'red room' is foreshadowing for the whole story and the rest of jane's life. helen burns is treated so badly in the movie i'm sure she was happy to die and leave early. in the book she is one of the most compelling characters and she was not the red head. the whole christian theme is missing from her life and the rest of the movie.do yourself a favor and miss this movie and read the story as charlotte bronte masterfully told it.

i don't like using the word "awful" to describe any work of the cinema for which a great deal of time, effort, talent and money is spent in its creation but zefferelli's attempt to adapt charlotte brontë's novel 'jane eyre' is a total waste of time.the script is lacking in finesse and power, everything explained to the viewer in no uncertain terms, leaving little to the imagination. the lead actors are woefully miscast, clearly hired for their star names, and the musical score drippy and dull. charlotte gainsbourg and william hurt have absolutely no chemistry with one another at all. she is like a wet noodle, worse even than joan fontaine, who at least was capable of some modicum of emotional involvement in what should be a story of frustrated passion. and william hurt acts the entire film on one tone and that tone is flat and devoid of energy. of course the limp and vapid script does not aid any of these otherwise fine actors in their efforts to bring any whiff of life to this flick.joan plowright's mrs fairfax is like some disney creation who keeps popping up to sweeten scenes in which she would have been best left out. there is no mystery surrounding the story of rochester's first wife. the role of the would-be second wife, played like a barbie doll by elle macphearson, is an empty cipher.fiona shaw, a very great actress, is completely wasted as jane's aunt, mrs reed. she would have been better-cast as mrs fairfax. only amanda root, as jane's beloved school teacher, evokes any authentic sympathy or believability. i saw this version of 'jane eyre' after viewing robert young's for british television, made in 1997, starring ciaran hinds, samantha morgan and gemma jones. there is no comparison. young's vital, romantic and deeply moving version is like an exploding nova compared to zefferelli's wet squib.i will be interested now to see the 1970 version with timothy dalton, about which i've read some very good things on this web-site. i am amazed at how many people liked zefferelli's yorkshire picture book. about all i can say good about this film is that the house is beautiful and the cinematography vividly colored, beyond that it is a complete dud.

this movie had a fairly good sounding plot, but the paste was very slow... very slow indeed. even if someone thinks this is a cult classic, i think that there are a lot better films from that era to be watched.the cinematography is not excellent, but not the worst either. the sounds are ok. lighting ok.i still wouldn't recommend this to anyone else than maybe a film-student.the movie does not contain music, and the horses having sex don't make it a good one either. and the woman masturbating on the edge of the bed was plain stupid.no winnings here, skip this utter boredom. i've seen worse believe me, but this is just waste of time, and i don't get the good reviews here. especially the high ratings...

another variation and improvisation on the famous and beloved children tale, la bete (1975) aka the beast tries to imagine (in very graphic and what may seem offensive and disturbing but in reality rather silly and comical way), what actually happened between beauty and the beast? i am amused by many reviews and comments that seem to look too deeply into this movie. i would not go so far as saying that it is a serious and dark exploration of such subjects as sexual frustration, longing, fulfillment, or satirical criticizing of the catholic religion. i would not even call it a horror-erotic movie. it's more of the parody on all genres it touches or mentions even though it's got some shocking moments in all departments that sure will stay in your memory.the long (way too long) scene between an aristocratic young woman and the supposedly horrifying but the most laughable i've ever seen in the movies creature with truly impressive...well anatomy, is set to the clavichord music of scarlatti and is hysterical. my husband and i both laughed out loud at the exaggerated details of the encounter. the moral of the scene is - beauty can and will defeat the monster. the question is - who is the target audience for the film? for an erotic picture, it is too verbose; for an art movie - it's got too many jaw-dropping scenes of sheer madness and i'd say an abrupt ending. imo, the film creator did not mean for it to be a serious drama. as a parody of art house/horror/erotica, it is funny and certainly original. have a good laugh and try not to look for some deep meaning. this story of the curious beauties and the lustful beasts certainly is not recommended for co-viewing with the children. the opening scene that may shock an unprepared viewer much more than the infamous scene of bestiality can be successfully used on discovery channel for the program like "in the world of animals - mating habits and rituals of horses".

walerian borowczyks la bete (1975) was obviously received in different ways: some were appalled, some were shocked others applauded the courage. i however am completely untouched, bored and cannot stop asking myself why the display of incoherent, inconsistent images which vaguely orbit around a central theme are considered an intellectual journey.what was this movie actually about? growing sexuality in a woman? i've seen great films on this subject, but this is not one of them. how can one attempt to portray a growing sexuality in a girl without at least trying to characterize her as a person not only as a narrative device to dream (in the nude) of beasts. where there are no characters, there is no character study. the woman persecuted by the beast was not adolescent, the girl having sex with the black butler (is he also characterized as a beast?) has a very grown up attitude to sexuality, so where is the consistency? is it a movie about religion? if yes we would need a bit more thematic material than a priest without function, character and charisma, but with a strong desire towards two young boys.is it about bestiality? the metaphoric feel of the movie forbids any realistic examination of bestiality, especially as realistic examination requires realistic characters. so no real bestiality here. some mythic beast and two priests talking to each other about the sin of bestiality. enough for a college essay on the topic? i don't think so.is it about sex? is it about anything? i don't know. i only know that showing a fired gun doesn't make a film a war movie. dealing with a topic must mean more than displaying its own associations with the theme.so look across the controversy. don't be scared by the bestiality, nudity, ejaculations, masturbation and stuff. i am not. look at it as you look at any other story and you might discover that this is a poorly made, poorly edited, poorly acted, really poorly written (okay, some pictures are quite nice, and the main character is a really good looking girl) cerebral masturbation of a director who thinks beating around the bush in a hypnotic slow manner will make a story intelligent. it doesn't. it makes it boring.

nope, i am just not going to get with it here. i refuse to go along with the program. don't you supposed that perhaps this movie is just a tad over-rated? look at the reader comments and their star ratings: most are 6/10, 7/10 or better. i think this is an instance when the ratings may say more about the people rendering them than the movie itself, which is unique. how many other sex fantasies about simulated bestiality complete with horse couplings have become mainstream hits as catalog dvd titles? i watched this movie with a pervading sense of anticipation, expecting fireworks, and instead got someone popping a gucci shopping bag. it looked great, but once the thrill had been spent even the twist ending didn't do much to save it.the film's background story says it all: director films about 25 minutes of borderline hardcore fake bestial sex for another movie, is informed the footage will not be appropriate, sets it aside, waits two or three years for a smattering of critical acclaim to build up, then constructs an entire feature around that 25 minutes, filming roughly 70 minutes of otherwise unrelated, excruciatingly boring footage and inserting the 25 minute chunk in as a dream sequence. that the 25 minutes of film in question is strikingly odd, original and shocking in a deliberate, calculated manner goes without saying. but we aren't here to evaluate that 25 minutes alone, we must consider the entire film, and ask ourselves why people are so enthusiastic about the movie? or are they just enamored by it's background story and history of having been banned by people who were stupid enough to be offended by it?perhaps it is an anti-clerical agenda that appeals to them. hating the western religions of catholicism and christianity is one of the few remaining socially acceptable bastions of intolerance -- just today it was revealed that the bbc routinely skews their broadcasts with anti christian & anti western sentiment in the furtherance of political correctness. you can say anything you want about the bible, pedopheliac priests, the institutionalized cruelty of the church, and how much white men and their inhuman religions suck the dimpled skin off a golf ball ... but say one negative thing about non-westernized religions, and you are toast. this movie was tailor made for such a sentiment, with a wrinkly old dried up priest who has an entirely unwholesome on screen relationship with two pretty 14 year old french boys complete with inappropriate touching, fawning, fondling, fumbling, groping, and patting of the backsides. ewww.and then there is the horse couplings, photographed in such fetishistic closeup detail that portions of the film could be used as visual aids for a biology class on animal husbandry. yes i understand the thematic relevance of the imagery -- large animal phallus's with a wealth of reproductive fluids just waiting to be unleashed like fire extinguishers -- but if i wanted to watch horses, you know, do it, i would like go live on a farm. having their genitals in my face is about as entertaining as watching someone use a bathroom.is this movie just a sort of artsy diversion for social deviants? probably, though i will grant the artistic execution of most of it, filmed in a kind of arty euro detail that even has a dappled forest pond right out of a monet painting, complete with a spanning arched bridge. and the ending (which even i managed to be surprised by) does sort of wrap it all up into a neat if distasteful package. but you have to remember that there are certain things that cannot be deconstructed for their design elements and many artists are guilty for exploiting them in their work to lend a sort of gravitas that would not have been achieved without it. that isn't fair, and even clint eastwood has fallen prey to the urge with his new movie about iwo jima. whether or not his film is any good stands as a separate consideration from whether or not that battle was a noble cause fought by men who were heroes. the problem is that most people will not be able to separate out the two aspects of the movie and will be lining up to give it oscars because of it's noble message -- not because it is a particularly good or original movie.while it may seem like an odd parallel, i see one with the beast: how can anyone not see the basic beauty of nature in the sight of two horses mating? and who cannot see the logical culmination of the repressed sexuality from fairy tales in the film's explosive set-piece where beauty and the beast finally do the nasty? somehow i managed to miss both points, and am delighted that i have seen this film so that i can trash it as being what it really is: 25 minutes or so of eye opening over the top adult fairy tale imagery surrounded by 70 minutes of skull drainingly boring artsy-fartsy euro trash dreck about some guy getting a haircut, and a great ending. it's art for sure, but it sucks hard.3/10

kurosawa really blew it on this one. every genius is allowed a failure. the concept is fine but the execution is badly blurred.there is an air of fantasy about this film making it something of an art film. the poverty stricken of tokyo deserve a fairer and more realistic portrayal. many of them have interesting stories to tell. a very disappointing film.

the show's echoed 'bubbling' sound effect used to put me to sleep. a very soothing show. i think i might have slept through the parts where there was danger or peril. i had also heard that some set up shots for a show on sponge divers was shot in tarpon springs, florida. i would assume lloyd bridges never dove there. i only remember the show in reruns and although it was never edge-of-the-seat exciting we would make up our own underwater episodes in the lake at my grandmother's house... imagining the echoed bubbling sounds and narrating our adventures in our heads. i thought 'flipper' had better undersea action. of course, he had the advantage of being in his natural environment.

weak bobby "pineapple salsa" flay and mario batali bring this down.flay being the worst. definitely a one trick pony, i think they could have gotten other american chefs to come to the table on this one as the iron chefs. the kind of dishes this duo come up with really...don't reflect on the creativity of the original iron chef series. i don't think batali even went to chef school, actually. there are a lot of great chefs in america, i just wonder why they don't appear on the food network.it would also help to have more regional ingredients and perhaps co-hosts who can handle the pressure. i like alton brown, but he is a bit too flippant/funny for this role.

i'm a big fan of troma but i can't figure out why they bought the rights to this movie, it's so boring i felt like i was watching for 3 hours. some where on the plot summary it says "but what satan doesn't know he's stuck with annoying tourists" well they didn't seem to bother him in the movie, just me.the only good thing about this movie is the actor who plays satan, i like bad movie's but it was just boring.

i completely agree with jamrom4.. this was the single most horrible movie i have ever seen.. holy crap it was terrible.. i was warned not to see it..and foolishly i watched it anyway.. about 10 minutes into the painful experience i completely gave up on watching the atrocity..but sat through until the end..just to see if i could.. well i did and now i wish i had not..it was disgusting..nothing happened and the ending was all preachy..no movie that bad has the right to survive..i implore all of you to spare yourself the terror of fatty drives the bus..if only i had heeded the same warning..please save yourself from this movie..i have a feeling those who rated it highly were involved in the making of the movie..and should all be wiped off the face of the planet..

you know how sometimes you can watch a crappy movie with friends and laugh at all the shortcomings of the movie? well this was beyond that. i bought the dvd at tower records because it was like $3.00 and i'd heard this was a movie you could laugh at. it is really nothing short of pathetic. about 30 minutes into the movie, my friends started asking me to turn it off. around 45 minutes they begged me. after an hour, we compromised to fast forward to the end, so we could see how the conflict was resolved (and because we had been watching the whole time for matt walsh). seriously, don't watch this movie. it is beyond painful.

i have seen a lot of movies in my life, but not many as bad as this. it is a movie that makes fun of fat people, has no real story, has bad actors, is not funny and much more. is this a movie that you would like to see? i guess not!i guess that the makers of the movie was trying to be original and creative, but it looks like it was made by a 12 year old child with absolutely no cinematic skills at all. the so called funny parts is as funny as throughing pies in the faces of people, or breaking wind. of cource if this is the kind of humour that you like, then this is the movie for you!!dont waste your money on this movie!

this is the single worst movie i have ever seen. i cannot express how bad it is. i honestly wanted to kill myself several times through this atrocious experience just to have the pain end. i recommend instead of seeing this movie, you bathe in acid then you will at least know a fraction of the pain without all of the scars.i had such high expectations when i read the back of the dvd case, and when in the beginning it added that jesus was following them i was so excited... then by the end i wanted to kill myself. i mean a twenty-three minute introduction to the most annoying characters in the history of cinema... just pain! monkeys could have done a better job editing this trash. at least they would have thrown feces and blurred some of the garbage. it would have made it better to have not seen any of the horror.it wasn't that i didn't get the jokes, it's that they were not only not funny, they repeated themselves like twenty times. apparently, something isn't funny unless you see it like a million times.do not under any circumstances see this. people have rated 'manos the hands of fate' as the worlds worst movie. i have seen that too and agree that it is bad... but alas it is only the second worst. 'fatty drives the bus' is by far worse.this deserves all kind of harsh language, but i can't write that here so just imagine i swore a whole bunch.

how can a movie with amy, posey and raechel have nothing funny in it? believe it or not 'house bunny' did this better and funnier. hopefully the principals had a good holiday and got some money - this movie is an embarrassment to all of them. it is a cliché from beginning to end. clichés can work well with a script, or at least an idea. this movie does nothing but use cliché after cliché rather than ideas or script. it uses the preexisting persona's of the actresses rather than develop characters. bad, sad, and rubbish. now i apparently have to have ten lines of text for a comment. really? why? as an it ops manager this is another example of sloppy coding.

they really can't get stupider than this film dealing with 3 losers who try to capture the college spirit during the annual spring break festivities at many of our higher schools of learning. the problem is that these losers try to do this 15 years after their college years when one is assigned to watch over the daughter of a woman senator being groomed to be the next vice president.trouble is that her daughter is anything but popular, but of course she comes out of all that. the girls go through drunken rages, exotic dancing and other absolute nonsense.it really can't get much worse than this awful film.

amy poehler and rachel dratch are among the funnier women to have been on "saturday night live". it's unfortunate that they, along with tina fey and maya rudolph, were on snl during the longest stretch of unfunny writing and sketch-making (circa 2002-2006) the show has ever had. still, these two women most especially know what's funny, and they know how to write a funny movie.you'll notice in the credits of this movie that dratch and director ryan shiraki wrote the story for "spring breakdown", but who wrote the actual screenplay, consisting of dialogue and all the important fill-in-the-blank material that makes a story into a multidimensional movie? yep, just shiraki. just one guy wrote the dialogue for this movie, and no women apparently wrote the script with him. the result is a pretty cliché spring break movie that doesn't so much spoof the faux holiday as much as exploit it equally as much as mtv does every year.if dratch, poehler, and even co-star parker posey could have contributed their handwriting to the screenplay, it would have been far less cliché. the premise is original, being about three thirty-something women who were unpopular in high school (and apparently college, too) who never had the fun spring break trip they allegedly dreamed about. i say "allegedly" because you never quite know what fun is to these characters. they entered talent shows in the past where they sing stale pro-woman anthems like "true colors", and spend their nights together holding make-your-own-pizza parties. even though none of them are especially unattractive, the outside world appears to treat them like they are. there's a scene where a blind student of poehler's (played by poehler's real life husband will arnett) asks her out on a date, only to touch her face and immediately change his mind. if poehler's character is supposed to be unattractive, they obviously hired the wrong actress.the movie continues to show promise, even though we have our doubts about the main characters, when posey's boss, texas senator 'kay bee' hartmann (jane lynch, funny as always) hires posey to watch over her unpopular college-age daughter (amber tamblyn, playing yet another woman who's attractive in real life, but not in the eyes of any characters in this movie) while she goes to a laguna beach-like vacation spot for spring break. poehler and dratch come along, they reluctantly get boozed up, party like they apparently should have when they were in college, and then comes the ultimate showdown with the sorority bitches lead by sophie monk.sophie monk is an incredibly attractive woman who has a body both women and men would kill to have for different reasons. unfortunately, her movie career is off to a rough start with the abominably unfunny "date movie" (2006) and the disappointing "click" (2006). here, she plays a southern belle, although her voice sounds like she stole delta burke's voice box. she hams it up a little too much, trying too hard to play a conniving bitch that she comes off as much like a caricature of spoiled college kids as the rest of the extras."spring breakdown" was released straight to dvd despite the star power of amy poehler, but rightly so because the story is way too cliché. it may as well have been called "national lampoon's spring breakdown", and the magazine probably wouldn't have sued for trademark infringement because of the free publicity. if director shiraki had given at least one woman the creative input, especially rachel dratch, this movie would have been great and not nearly as run-of-the-mill as frat-house comedies we've seen before. i know dratch will come up with another funny concept, and hopefully be allowed to fill in the rest of the screenplay herself. she's funny enough, and she deserves better than this half-baked comedy that would accept stiffler's brother with open arms.

this horror movie is really weak...that is if this is the correct movie i am commenting on. nothing really terrible goes on as a family adopts a cute little german shepard pup. i had a german shepard and it is a really good dog. i did not get the idea to get one from this movie though, but rather from the comedy "k-9". that is another story all together though. this movie really doesn't have much horror at all as the most horrific scene is at the end and it looks really cheesy. also, we see a guy almost put his hand into a lawn mower. that is about it. the father suspects something though, as his family seems to be getting rather strange, somewhere he finds out if you hold a mirror to them while they are sleeping you can see if they are possessed. all in all a really weak horror movie even by television standards...television movies that do work are out there as "this house possessed" is pretty good and there is another haunted house movie about a woman and these strange creatures that is also rather good. this one is really rather dull.

very dull, obvious, tedious exorcist rip-off featuring a doberman with red eyes - that's the extent of the special effects in this made-for-tv cheapie. richard crenna is about as animate as a chew toy. very 70's dress & music only add to the torture. should put you to sleep almost as fast as "the corpse vanishes", or "the blue hand". practically worthless. moocow says eaghhh what a stinky dog! :=8p

devil dog sets your heart racing. it's brilliantly paced, the ending comes like a bolt out of the blue and plunges itself into the very centre of your being. you'll never look at your dog the same way again. in fact you'll start thinking of having it put down - by a priest! fantastic!

alfred hitchcok is not my favorite director by any means but imagine what he could have done with this! the plot holds much potential for suspense. john garfield is as almost always excellent and raymond massey is scarily cast against type. nancy coleman is not a very impressive leading lady but the supporting cast is large and very capable.yes it starts to sag fairly early. there are too many coincidences. and an important subject is trivialized by its being made into little more, in the end, than a love story.it's fun to watch for garfield, massey, and the character performers. but it's not awfully good.

if bob ludlum was to see this mini series, he would have cried. this was complete waste of time and money. i have read the book and even though movies are not exactly what the book may be, cbs wasted time and money on this and it is embarrassing to claim that this was ludlum's work.may be the creator should check out the bourne identity with richard chamberlain and see how good that tv series was.poor mira, blair, anjelica and colm, why did they sign to stoop this low?horrible!!

i am a big fan of ludlum's work, and of the covert-one books, and i had often thought how incredible they would be made into a film. imagine my excitement, then, on learning that such a movie actually existed! the 'hades factor' being the first in the series seemed an obvious place to start.from the outset the film was disappointing. simple elements from the film such as griffin's first meeting with smith are needlessly different from the book, and much less exhilarating. several characters are poorly cast, too. for starters dorff is woeful as smith. not a bad actor, just an incredibly bad choice as he is far too soft, and fails to exhibit many of the features that are definitive of john smith.re-naming, re-assignment and even omission of certain characters further degrades this film. for example the removal of victor tremont and the entire back-story of the virus, including the involvement of vaxham makes the entire point to the film somewhat hazy. marty zellerbach is a very large part of the book, and in the seat he takes vary much a back seat (not to mention that the film character shares nothing in common with the character in the book) is another big mistake.rachel russel is presumably supposed to be randi russel from the book. not only is she supposed to be the sister of sophie amsden (should be called sophia russel) but she is also supposed to work from the cia, not "covert-one". which brings me to my final point, and i think one of the most important. covert-one doesn't even exist at this point! not until the second book of the series is covert-one devised by the president as a preventative measure against further biological terrorism.to be honest i could go on all day. in short - if you like the books and want to see a good adaptation, i'm afraid you'll be bitterly disappointed. even as an action movie it is thoroughly average, mainly due to very lack-luster editing and poor effects. the bumbled story line and dull-as-ditch-water script are the final nails in the very cheap coffin of this film.

- a small time hood tricks the local mob boss out of a lot of money. of course the mob boss wants his money back and doesn't care who he has to kill to get it. the punk enlists his friend and an old mobster to help him save his life.- if this sounds ridiculous, it is. the whole idea that this izod-wearing, dune buggy-driving punk could hold off one of the most powerful mobs in rome is just plain silly. his friend may be good with a gun, but he's up against a group of trained killers. the old mobster is little more than comic relief and no real help when it comes to the face off with the mob. there's also a sub-plot about how the friend's father was killed years ago by the mob boss, but there's little made of it and it doesn't help the movie any at all.- the mob boss, mister scarface, is played by jack palance. i suppose he got the name because he has what looks like a shaving nick on his cheek. palance is as ineffective as the rest of the cast, doing what he must to get a paycheck.- i've seen some pretty good italian crime/cop flicks recently, but mister scarface isn't one of them. check out syndicate sadists or revolver instead.

i read a couple of good reviews on this board for "mr. scarface", but for anyone uninitiated in the genre of italian gangster films like myself, the picture will probably make very little sense. indeed, after the initial setup involving the ten million lira scam, the picture devolved into a fairly routine revenge flick with a minor twist in the identity of rick's (al cliver) character. the whole gang war plot got muddied up for me with the inclusion of vinchenzo napoli (vittorio caprioli), but as most other viewers commented, he's about the only one who gave this picture any life with his often ineffective attempts at violence. i found it somewhat unbelievable that manzari's goons who chased tony through the streets didn't actually stroke out before tony even laid a hand on them. for all of his buildup as the title character, jack palance was wasted rather unceremoniously in an anticlimactic near finale, making the u.s. working title, "mr. scarface", rather moot. i've seen enough spaghetti westerns to know that they don't all work; i guess in this case, my first look at a spaghetti gangster flick didn't quite make it either.

this was such a waste of time. danger: if you watch it you will be tempted to tear your dvd out of the wall and heave it thru the window.an amateur production: terrible, repetitive, vacuous dialog; paper-thin plot line; wooden performances; lucy lawless was pathetically hackneyed.seriously flawed story, completely unbelievable characters. the two worst concepts in film and t.v. are: (1) the evil twin, (2) amnesia. there are no twins.the plot "twist"? outrageously simplistic and obvious - like watching a train coming down the track in the middle of the day on the prairies. it doesn't even resolve properly. the evil is not punished for the original crime.please, please, please - don't watch this even if its free and your only other choice is to go to a synagogue.

that might be a bit harsh for me saying that, but sadly so far in his directing career its true. just have a look at what he as done so far. they barely make it past the 3 star mark.why did i watch this movie? 2 reasons. lucy lawless and heroes star greg grunberg. lucy was outstanding in this movie, her performance carries the whole movie. i do hope she gets a "blockbuster" and breaks into the bigger league of actors, she clearly has the skills. greg was not so impressive, typical tv acting style.the movie is oddly categorized as a horror. the only "horror" is short flashbacks, and they last a max of 2-5 seconds with a little blood in them. i personally would call this more a "drama/thriller".but no matter how interesting the story actually is, bad directing, editing and acting (appart from lucy) destroys it. you get no real connection to the actors, something which is very important in a story like this one. you just sit there watching feeling nothing. its like watching a bad tv soap....actually i think the tv soap would be more interesting.my advice: stay away from this movie...or better yet just stay away from anything michael hurst is involved with.

bad acting. bad writing. this was a poorly written film. it's too bad because it had some potential. it's not even close to american pie or something about mary as previous comments might have you believe. rent it at dollar night from you local video store if you're kind of bored.

i was looking forward to seeing amanda peet in another good role after recently renting "the whole nine yards"--easily worth the rental, by the way--but this wasn't it.i remembered that the trailer for "whipped" was somewhat funny and the plot about three oversexed new yorker twenty somethings all falling for and getting manipulated by the charming ms. peet was worth a shot. so, i convinced two friends one afternoon to come see this movie with me. this review is my penance.in the first act we have the three lead studs, recounting their conquests in a diner. what should have been funny, or at least telling, comes out rather pathetic. was there any redeeming quality about the three men and their encounters that we were supposed to get out of this?[and while i don't mind movies that are cheerfully vulgar, i kept wondering why no one in the diner turned around when the studs talk loudly about sexual and scatalogical details. they do this every week at the same diner? you would think someone would complain. oh, wait, i forgot: two other diners do notice in one scene. but this is just a setup for a punchline. everyone else in the diner is deaf.]the second act has the three studs all falling for mia and then developing brain rot, failing to ask each other or her about what's really happening between the four of them. and i kept asking myself, as the studs keep acting like they have been, what redeeming qualities does she see in them to stick with them longer than one date? does she start out with brain rot? i kept hoping for eric's character, the married buddy, to become something more than simply the annoying punching bag in this act. his role is clearly to dispense advice on being married. but why do they even bother to talk to him when they won't talk to each other? and his advice? sheeesh!the third act resolves what plot there is but by this time i was looking at my watch. my friends told me they were still waiting for something genuinely funny to happen and i had to agree. the scene that explains all was adequate and managed to explain all of the questions and mysterious dialogue bits throughout the movie but we were just checking them off a list. ("oh, okay, that's why brad had that happen and jonathan says this and...")what laughs we made were from the stupidity of the plot than at anything amusing. even the outtakes during the credits weren't very funny. ultimately i was left with nothing except a desire to warn people away from this movie.rating: 3

"whipped" is 82 minutes long. this review is 82 words long. three unlikable new york lotharios, ruthless "scammers," end up wooing the same woman, played by amanda peet, with disastrous results. that applies to the story and the film. too sophomoric to be misogynistic, flaccid and ridiculous, "whipped" mixes the philosophies of shock jock tom lykis with penthouse letter fantasies. though technically proficient it's dated, grating, poorly written, mean, and obvious. people don't act like this. people don't talk like this. really.

this movie lacked... everything: story, acting, surprise, ingenuity and a soul. fifteen minutes in, i was staring at the screen saying, "how could all of these guys get together and consider themselves friends (even without the girl)?" another fifteen minutes in, i was praying for as much amanda peet as possible. when a bad movie quietly rears it's ugly head, eye candy is a nice consolation. but there wasn't much of that! cheated on all fronts!

this film is not funny. it is not entertaining. it does not contain one single second of originality or intelligence, nor does it lead you to take the slightest interest in the characters or situation. added to that it's about as juvenile a movie as anything in recent memory. it's as if a group of 14 or 15 year old high school kids who had never actually met or had any type of relationship with a real girl had sat down and wrote a movie based on their incorrect fantasies about what being an adult man would be like. this movie is boring, obnoxiously mind-numbing, and at times offensive and disgusting. at most, it contains one or two moments that make you laugh. also, it seems twice as long as its 85 minute running time.

for months preceding the release of this movie you saw it advertised in all sorts of print media, so i patiently waited for its video release to see what all the hype was about. after it was over i had to apologize to my roommate for occupying the vcr for the last hour and a half to watch such a horrible movie. it essentially fails because it is a character based movie about unredeemable characters. with the possible exception of amanda peet (whose only redeemable quality is that she is amanda peet) you cannot stand any of them. the film relies on its dialogue which is sophomoric, moronic, and crude. the only slightly amusing character is eric, whose portrayal of the sole married member of a group of friends is dead on. the final twist, designed to make you laugh at the three main characters, only instead inspires the same kind of resentment towards peet. all in all, only rent if you are desperate or possess a dark sense of humor.

"whipped" is one of the most awful films of all time. it is a mean, hateful piece of garbage that had me forcing myself to stay in the theater more than any other movie of 2000, besides maybe "the grinch." it is not, as people have called it, an insightful portrait of modern relationships. that would be a little film called "high fidelity." whereas that movie was honest and sympathetic, "whipped" is hostile, cynical, misanthropic cinematic poison. avoid this like so many plagues, unless you want to see how truly bad a "comedy" can get.

hands down the worst movie i have ever seen. i thought nothing would ever dethrone last action hero, but this does easily. the movie is about 3 single guys who meet on sundays to discuss their sexual escapades from the weekend. a fourth guy - who is married and - that used to be a part of the group shows up and talks about what he and his wife do. nothing works in this movie. the jokes are not funny but they are repeated throughout the movie. the big kicker at the end of the movie is laughable. avoid at all costs.

i just watched this movie last night, and i had to put a warning out for anybody else considering to see this film. in a word - don't. i seriously feel like this is something that a screenwriting student would have written in a quentin tarantino/eddie murphy phase, i.e. every other word was a curse word. i don't have a problem with profuse cursing, as in "good will hunting", provided it helps to delve more into the characters. in this case it was just hollow banter with the attempt to draw an occassional *gasp* or laughter from the audience. the three lead characters are all their own unique stereotype, the wall street jerk, the coffee house jerk, and the "i'm-not-gay-just-in-touch-with-my-feminine-side" slightly-less-of-a-jerk. you just don't give a damn about any of them! they are all shallow, unredemable losers who you want to see lose. for those who dare, this film does have a couple funny moments, the very beginning, and the very end. the toilet/vibrator scene is funny in a sick kinda "uh, yeah" way. really though, i would only recommend this film to my worst of enemies.

i like movies about morally corrupt characters, but this was too much. the acting wasn't great, but that wasn't the real problem. the issue was the sinking feeling i got in the pit of my stomach about 20 minutes into the film. these characters were hollow. they had almost no depth, and what little they did have was devoted to the cruelty they displayed to each other in the guise of friendship. exploring the darker sides of a set of characters can be fascinating, but you have to give those characters actual personalities or they are just cardboard cutouts. these characters were cardboard and the picture they gave was just ugly.

first and foremost, zorie barber (zeke), might be one of the worst actors i have ever seen. as a character that's supposed to be a hip, village writer into the martial arts and proud of being mysterious, why is he so hyper, over-dramatic, and plain horrible? did he know anything about his character before they started filming? did the director? don't the martial arts teach discipline? aside from that, this film misses the target with its lame jokes and seen-it-already gross-out humor. hand in toilet? <i>trainspotting</i>. masturbation? hmm. <i>fast times at ridgemont high</i>, <i>american pie</i>, the list goes on.. .bad dialogue: in one sequence, eric says "it's none of my business <i>but</i> . ..." and 30 seconds later mia says "why is this any of your business?" bad editing: at least five minutes worth of film are wasted on nyc traffic shots. <hr>it's also impossible to believe that the four main male characters would be a tight-knit group of friends in any world. i can't comment on what makes everyone laugh, but if you enjoy low-brow, basic bathroom humor and insults, by all means, enjoy. if you want something a little smarter but on the same lines, see <i>boomerang</i>. if you want a solid what-goes-around romantic comedy, go for <i>the tao of steve</i>. but anyone who thinks <i>whipped</i> is witty and an accurate portrayal dating, well, i cannot agree at all.

personally, while i'm able to appreciate really good movies, i also have a strange ability to somewhat enjoy even the most crappiest of crap. you know, those times when you just want to sit there and watch some horrible cookie-cutter action movie to kill time. this is the only movie that i can remember actually shutting off in the middle, and i have absolutely no intention of going back to finish it. the plot was so contrived and predictable, i was calling out what the next scene would be easily (and i'm usually not very good at this). the actors were horrible, i've seen better acting in middle school plays. even the scene cuts were bad, the flow was all wrong.this movie is like a parody that forgot the funny.

every sunday, a trio of buds get together at a nyc diner to boast about their sexual conquests of the night before. sometimes they're joined by a newlywed ex-comrade and hoochie hunter who hangs on them like a puling barnacle. they're unabashed horn dogs/corn dogs and mia, who witnesses them on the prowl, decides that they need to be taught a lesson, dammit. ergo, she'll date and dump - why not? all three of them! gasp. what a wild idea. what a radical, naughty gal. women now have the right to date and sleep around as much as they want to. as much as men do, even! there is one solitary laughable element in "whipped" - namely the fact that not once, during the amigo's detailed discussions of their bodily functions and the tantric talents of the bed partners they trash, do the other customers in the diner turn around and say, "dude, we're trying to eat here." indeed, a heh-heh gag has an older lady eagerly weigh in on the useful sexual properties of certain beverages. a big fat kermit the frog "sheesh" to that.it's truly unfortunate that a buddy movie with a great setting, a smart, cute heroine and three possible pairings had to have such a cop-out ending.p.s. - 30 "whip-oosh" sound effects to the screenwriter for use of the phrase "you go, girl". it was tired in 2000, and it's tired now.save your time and watch some "sex and the city" reruns...

on the surface, "show me the money" should have at least finished a full season. you had the always entertaining william shatner as your host, surrounded by a baker's dozen of beautiful leggy models collectively called "the million dollar dancers." you had knowledgeable contestants who had interesting stories to tell of their lives and who presumably knew a lot of pop culture trivia. and you had big money! so, what went wrong? the format of this game was the failure. a good game show needs at least two of three things: very simple rules, exciting pacing and the ability for the viewer to play along at home. the best, most enduring ones have all three.unfortunately, smtm had none.the rules for this game were among the most complex of any prime time game show in history. let me try to explain how the game worked, as briefly as possible.a contestant began with a single word or short phrase followed by the choice letters a, b, c (subtle plug for the network?). each letter was connected to a separate question, all starting with that word or phrase. once a contestant chose one of the letters, they could either answer that question or pass and select a second letter. if they passed, they got to view the next question, and had the same option. however, if they passed the second question, they were required to answer the third option.after they answered and before they found out if their answer was correct, they then had to select one of the 13 dancers on stage, each with a different amount of money in a scroll by their side. they revealed their dollar amount (ranging from $20,000 to $250,000) and depending on if the contestant answered right... or answered wrong... that amount would be added to or subtracted from their pot.still with me so far? in addition, there was one dancer who held something known as "the killer card." if you selected the dancer with the killer card and you had gotten your question right, you were safe, and the game continued. if, however, you were incorrect, you had one final question to answer. if you got that final question wrong, you were out of the game. if you got it right, then, the game continued.there was no quitting, no walking away with the money earned until you either answered six questions correctly or got six questions wrong or you were so far in the hole you couldn't earn enough money to get back out. got it? okay! the biggest problem, as i saw it, was a complete lack of tension, because of the design of the game. a contestant could pass questions they knew they didn't know, and answer many questions they did know, making the pressure even less. then, they could still find a low dollar amount, even after knowingly missing a question, which meant there still wasn't any "drama." and the fact that they could answer five questions wrong and still have a chance to win was a big mistake. and the pacing of the questions was deadly slow: often the questions were so obvious, it was ridiculous to try to create tension, as if there was any doubt about some of the most common answers.the pacing, the lack of any real tension at any point during the show and those very complicated rules prevented this program from working, despite shatner's terpsichorean talents.

i don't see enough tv game shows to understand the attraction of show me the money, but i suppose it holds some appeal for undemanding audiences. ostensibly a quiz show, it offers contestants huge sums of money for answering a few simple questions. however, its quiz elements play only a small part in the proceedings, which i find tortuously complicated. for example, before answering a question, a contestant selects which question is to be asked by choosing from among random "a," "b," or "c" choices. does this serve any purpose other than to slow the game down? it would be a lot quicker simply to start with "a." contestants can pass on questions, but must answer one of the three questions in each category.after responding to a question, the contestant is then asked to "lock in" the answer--another delaying tactic. the contestant's next task is to name which woman from about a dozen go-go dancers in cages is to unveil a card that indicates how much the question is worth. a correct answer adds the card's dollar figure to the contestant's running total; a wrong answer subtracts the same sum. this time-consuming step actually has some entertainment value, as it allows the audience to get a close look at the scantily clad and uniformly gorgeous dancers. meanwhile, the contestant is reminded that an unlucky selection of the "killer card" will end the game instantly. this naturally makes the contestant sweat and causes further delays as the nervous contestant contemplates the sudden loss of the hundreds of thousands of dollars. my suspicion is that the possibility of sudden disaster is the show's chief audience appeal.meanwhile, the whole process is slowed down even more by a lot of empty banter between host william shatner and the contestant, along with occasional routines by the caged dancers. all these delays burn up so much time that it might be possible for audiences to forget what the original question is by the time the correct answer is revealed.a typical 30-minute episode of jeopardy often gets through as many as 60 questions. the first 30 minutes of smtm that i watched got through only six questions (many of which pertained to other tv shows). no one in his right mind would watch this show because it's fun to play along by answering the questions at home. that leaves three possible reasons to watch the show.a. to see how a contestant responds to being on the verge of winning as much as one million dollars, only to lose everything in one stroke.b. to look at gorgeous young women performing sexually suggestive dance routines.c. to enjoy william shatner's scintillating banter.my choice is "b," but the women aren't on camera long enough to justify suffering through an hour of this show.

the comment by "eliz7212-1" hits the proverbial "nail on the head" for this turkey of a program. but it is a hoot to watch william shatner "cavort" and "dance" (yes, the " " marks on the word dance are necessary for what bill does). this show would be a great skit on snl or mad tv - and it does rate a few stars for one viewing, or so, to see shatner, who seems to have taken "camp" to new heights - whether in a role or as himself. but the guy is funny.the girls who are in the cubicle areas with the game data scrolls, will be pretty much out-of-luck when this turkey is canceled - unless there is a revival of the whiskey-a-go-go genre, with a resurrected demand for shapely young women to dance in elevated cages once more.i watched the first contestant, who was annoying, and literally "dumber than a :post," yet through sheer luck, walked away with a quarter mil or so. the second contestant, somewhat more intelligent, but who'd be lucky to gain $1,000 on jeopardy!, got zonked by the card which requires answering a special question - which he didn't know, and thereby left with zilch.this plethora of game shows, which dangle, and sometimes award, large sums to everyday individuals, are admittedly a cheap effort, overall, to attempt to woo viewers. even if the host is well-compensated, and they give away six figures in an average episode, i suppose that the revenue versus costs can be favorable - since you don't have a sitcom cast where several stars are getting six or seven figures, per episode, with some big residual deals as well.but i suspect even the better ones will wear thin before long. this one has already pretty much reached this point. i think his offerings, especially with james spader, and the others on "boston legal" should give us a satisfying quantity of bill shatner's offerings.again, the above rating is simply appropriate to view bill hoot and prance, perhaps one time; that should be sufficient.

while william shater can always make me smile in anything he appears in, (and i especially love him as denny crane in boston legal), well, this show is all about glitz and dancing girls and screaming and jumping up and down.it has none of the intelligence of millionaire, none of the flair of deal or no deal.this show is all about dancing and stupid things to fill in the time.i watched it of course just to check it out. i did watch it for over 45 minutes, then i had to turn it off.the best part of it was william shatner dancing on the stage. he is a hoot!!! unfortunately, this show will not make it.that's a given

it's not really about gymnastics; swap out the occasional training montages and it could just as easily be about archery, or microbiology, or a booger-flicking tournament. instead, like every other rocky/flashdance derivative that flooded the 80s market, it's about conquering adversity with stick-to-it-iveness, rendering all social/personal realities irrelevant by your lonesome - with love interest standing by of course. ronald reagan top to bottom, in short; so as a piece of cinema it's down to the details. some of the actors are quirky enough to liven things up - especially the love interest, brought to you by none other than mr. keanu reeves, warming up for ted; heroine olivia d'abo's hateful alkie dad and big-hair stepsister are more interesting than the sickly mom or her utterly inert bitch-nemeses/teammates, one of whom appears to be made of porcelain. it's my instinct to be appalled by the comic-relief black guys, but on the other hand at least they're in the movie. but d'abo doesn't quite convince with her awkward-girl shtick, and in the absence of any other narrative focus the lack of interest in the gymnastics themselves really does matter; it's all just bodies hurtling around, and not only is the outcome of the big tournament a foregone conclusion, it's all performed by an obvious double.

i've seen plenty of sci-fi channel original movies ever since i started watching them back in 2002 (my first one was sabretooth - which actually is one of the more entertaining sci-fi channel features in my opinion). their quality varies. some of them are average but decent (sabretooth, dragon fighter, never cry werewolf, swamp devil), some are laughably bad, and then there are some that are truly terrible. raptor planet lies in the latter. raptor planet, a loose sequel to the 2004 sci-fi channel original raptor island, is a barely watchable mess of a film with truly horrid acting and lazy scriptwriting. the effects that bring the dinosaurs to life (a combination of puppetry and animatronics as well as cgi and stock footage from raptor planet) are some of the worst looking effects i've seen in a low budget film. the gore effects are even unconvincing. the plot involves a bunch of commandos who for some reason (i forget why) travel to a planet of alien dinosaurs. that's right folks, the dinosaurs are aliens. dinosaurs in outer space. what's next, sharks in space?!? the rest of the plot is simple. the human cast are picked off and eaten. by now, we've come to expect this in the numerous dinosaurs movies and novels that are released, but this is the first killer dinosaur movie i've seen where i actually became bored with all the dinosaur attacks.there are a few chuckles in it though. there's one scene that stands out in which a man is being munched by a carnotaur (brought to life by stock footage from the original film) that seconds later becomes a giant raptor. also, a bit of trivia, this is the scene where steven baur is shooting at his own death scene from the first movie. while raptor island wasn't a good film to begin with, its a masterpiece compared to its sequel.believe me when i say, this is quite possibly the worst movie syfy has ever aired. it's darn near unwatchable.

this has to be one of the worst movies of all time. the graphics were horrendous, the acting was b-movie and the effects were just plain nintendo 64 qualified. you would think that they would put a little more effort into it. of course, it is a scifi channel movie so you have to expect it to be low rate, but this one takes the cake. hell, i'm still laughing. so, as a shake-your-head in disbelief movie, this one does well. although it appears to have some 'known' actors and actresses in this, it is difficult for me to believe that they did not realize that the quality of this movie was worth their time and effort. the graphics might have been good in the '60's or even early '70's but come on, this is 2009! i wont give spoilers out, let's just say that if you have played "jurassic park" on the nintendo 64 you will be very familiar with what you see in this filmit is definitely not worth the 2 hours it took to sit through the thing

it's made in 2007 and the cg is bad for a movie made in 1998. at one part in the movie there is a stop motion shot of a dinosaur that actually looks good, but this just makes the extremely amateur work on the cg stuff look even worse.the writing, acting, directing and everything else in this movie is just terrible. this is as bad as, if not worse than raptor island and 100 million bc... pure crap! again, as with the other movies, the only scary part about this movie is that it actually got made and is now being aired on the sci-fi channel.i still can't understand how they somehow get people who do have some acting skills to act in these movies and then somehow get them to act as terrible as everyone else in the movie.for those of you who are unsure, the other poster is obviously being sarcastic in his review... or he is one of the people who worked on this movie.

what an insult to olivia d'abo who plays the film's heroine, robin, to have keanu reeves appear so large on the box art of the film (and at least on recent reissues, to have only reeves appear on the box), considering that she was the star. i realize that it is his name that will ultimately sell this long-forgotten after school special, but at least give the woman some credit. despite that, this has to be one of the worst teen sports-themed films that i have ever seen, and it strives very hard to add not only every teen and sports movie cliché from the class warfare between the feuding gymnasts to the teen romance. and, in striving to somehow deliver itself as an amateur alternative of flashdance (with the music in one of the warehouse dance scenes is even quite close to michael sembello's notable 'maniac' which was made famous by flashdance, or was it the other way around?). it includes similar dance sequences and worse yet, even the 80s dance and sports traditions of corny dance-offs between the heroine and her antagonist(s), the one who doubts her successes and abilities on the team. we saw this in trashin' (a vert ramp joust) and rad (bmx dancing at the prom, although it wasn't much for competition, but rather for fun) for example. in fact, this movie is chock full of unrealistic corniness, such as the somewhat homo-erotic rolling in the clothes at the salvation army with robin and her friend from the team.nonetheless, the film is about a young girl who comes from a rather poor background. to top it off in a massive need to squeeze from audiences as much sympathy as possible, she lives with her ailing mother, her obnoxious sister, and her careless (and slightly abusive) stepfather. needless to say, homelife is not so appealing. add to the mix, a talent for gymnastics, but several obstacles to joining the team (including the nuisance of her arrogant, snobby teammates, and a coach who also eventually doubts her abilities to compete well). and, of course, we can't forget that she's got eyes for one of the pretty boy preppies who is dating one of the obnoxious teammates, nor that she doesn't have a steady boyfriend (although keanu as tommy later enters the picture). could this kid be any more pathetic? and it seems that one mess after another comes along to embarrass herself in her painfully long, redundant, and clichéd quest to prove her worth to everyone.but, even the major moments of cheesiness which comprise most of the film, are hardly worth mentioning considering that the biggest distraction to this film is the horrible acting and dialog. (i like how the gym coach suddenly appears at the diner in the middle of the dance-off to scold the teammates). it makes episodes of 'amazing stories' look like shakespeare.i imagine anyone able to locate this film and watch it these days is probably drawn to it mostly because of the nostalgic factor. for that you might be satisfied, but it is also an incredibly forced drama. so, caveat emptour.

this movie only got a 1 because you can't give a zero! if you have a weak tummy at all don't watch. animal rights people you don't want to watch either. it makes people vegetarians i swear i witnessed it happen! the only cool parts are the case and the fact that its a true story. its really really super creepy that this guy worked at adt while he killed people! still feel safe when you punch in that little code? i don't! he had access to every code in kansas!!!!!! i hated the movie it was not scary it was mentally scaring! do your self a favor and don;t rent/buy this movie i think it cost about $20 to make that includes their over paid actors!!!!

i can not believe i wasted my money to rent this movie. i thought it was a porn flick when it started and it never got any better. the acting, the music drowning out the actors. horrible. save your money! you have to read the movie all the way through b\c they knew the music would drowned out the speaking lines. i never got the part about the slaughterhouse or the need to continue to show cows and pigs being butchered. what did that have to do with the "real" btk killer? i understand why there were no famous actors\actresses in this movie. the script would have turned me away within the first page of reading. you would be better off watching paint dry.

somebody needs to send this uli lommel guy back to movie school. who ever told him he knew how to make a movie? can just anybody make movies these days? in the past, it always required talent before someone could make a movie. after watching this lame btk movie and the others he's made, it seems blatantly obvious that the poor guy has about as much business making movies as i do. actually i think even i could make better movies than uli lame-all. this movie has absolutely nothing to do with the btk killer, other than the names of the victims and the killer. that's it. where did this guy get the big idea that btk killed people with rodents and all the other preposterous crap that's in the movie? this is a classic example of someone trying to lure people into watching their movie based on the term "btk" because of the fame it has achieved. absolutely pitiful. the only serial killer movie i would consider worse is that lame "dahmer" movie. that kid smoked so many cigarettes it made me nauseous. whoever made that one needs to be shot.

i was glad to watch this movie free of charge as i am working in the hotel industry and this movie came lately to our movie library. nothing against low budget movies, but this movie has horrible acting and directing. how can a movie as this one ever be made. the director should be blacklisted, and for all the poor actors, it is for sure not a jumping board into a career. please make sure that you'll not watch this movie, the acting is lame, the camera and directing awful. there are just a few more movies out there which deserve to be called the "low 10". another example would be "dracula 3000". people who make money with this movie should give it to charity, so at least it serves for a good reason. in this case i would watch it even another 10 (or at least one more time).

this film is so bad it simply defies reality. the filming is grade school material at best, the acting is pathetic and the director should forever be banished from film making in any form. so bad it can't even be watched as comedy such something along the lines of showgirls. the only thing this dvd had going for it was the cover art. all i can write to those of you who haven't had the misfortune to witness this is to please do yourself a well deserved favor in advance and don't waste your time or your money on this piece of garbage. if you want to see a movie for the comedy aspects, there are many other more worthy in such a realm than this trash.

generally i don't do minus's and if this site could i would give this movie -3 out of 10 meaning i really hated this movie. i thought uwe boll's alone in the dark was the worst i've seen yet but at least i gave it a 2.5 out of 10 in my opinion(stephen dorff shooting at nothing made me laugh so i boosted the ratings a bit). hell if it was if compared to bloodrayne, bloodrayne would win a oscar for best movie if they were competing.now to the plot, this movie is about the btk killer which is fine but they've could have done better. the start looked ok but that's it i had to fast forward most of it because the death's where boring. i like killer movies and even if they suck they could still get some cool deaths. i'm not a fancy movie expert but believe me he would have shot himself if did see this. sorry for rambling but there's nothing good to say about it, because it looks like someone took a camcorder and film this.. this.. thing of disaster. uwe boll your movies are no longer on my list of worst movies ever this took the cake.well sorry i couldn't explain the plot(if there was one) but that was the best i could. now if you don't mind i'm going to crawl into a corner and move back and forth and reminding me of how bad this movie scared me for life.... ok not for life

no words can describe my utter hatred for this appalling rendition of the btk killer. rating this film one out of ten compliments this truly disastrous excuse for a film. from start to finish, there was not one single highlight. the entire thing was horrendously put together; the script, acting, plot, lighting, direction, acting, factual information, acting, just to name a few. a number of scenes are literally laugh-out-loud-funny, for the atrocious way in which the entire thing is put together. this review may seem like an unjust and scathing attack on a low-budget film, but this is not the case. just thinking about the movie i have just seen makes my blood start to boil. how this film was ever granted rights for production i will never know. i am almost tempted to actually recommend btk, because it is truly a stand-out in regards to how pathetic, and disturbingly awful it is. i can honestly say, in all my years of film-going, this is the worst. movie. ever. i wasted over an hour of my life on this useless garbage, and would gladly have jumped off the nearest building beforehand, had i known what i was in for. zero out of ten.

i was lying on my bed, with a really bad cold or flu or whatever. i figure maybe i'd kill some time watching some horror movies my mom bought for me a little while ago. i wish i never picked this movie! after i watched it i felt even more sick and i wanted to throw up. afterwords(when i got better of course) i did some research on dennis l.rader and i noticed that the dennis in the movie was nothing like the real one. i hope that no one ever watches this movie but if they ever do don't eat or you'll feel the way i felt after i first watched it. i think you would have a better time watching the santa claus 3. at least that movie had better reviews on this site.

as an altman fan, i'd sought out this movie for years, thinking that with such a great cast, it would have to be at least marginally brilliant.big mistake.this is one of altman's big-cast mishmashes, thrown together haphazardly and improvisationally (or so it feels) with the hope that it would all come together in the editing room. it doesn't.as maltin points out, this turkey is notable only for the debut performance of alfre woodard, who outshines the vets all around her. but other than that, avoid at all costs. (which is pretty easy to do -- it's never been released on video -- to my knowledge -- and its cable appearances have the frequency of halley's comet.)

there was nothing of value in the original movie, this one was even lamer. the fact that i even found it to rent was absolutely amazing. anyone connected to this film has to be high on something! so what was the story line? what was with the girl? was the viewer supposed to get the story line in the first four minutes of the film. sadly, i tried several times to watch this. i even borrowed a kid from someone to get some feedback. kid said it was stupid, and he was four years old. i find that possibly some credit could go to the filming director, as possibly some of the shots made the movie more than a b film. that might be pushing it. i did love the theme song. good thing it was only a dollar, it was worth it. i suppose you might enjoy the film if you were high as the cast and crew would have to be. is pot legal in france?

what made the original killer tomatoes fun was it was made by people with no budget who were just being wacky for a couple of days...this was something with a budget, but it just wasn't as much fun. john astin of adams family fame is actually making an effort here to be comedic, but he is supported by lame actors, cheap special effects and unfunny gags.the plot. dr. gangrene (astin) escapes from a french prison and decides he is going to put a pretender on the throne of france... the hero, his french girlfriend and the gizmo-like "fuzzy tomato" decide they are going to stop him...forgettable direct to video nonsense...

killer tomatoes movies have this special kind of humor - you either love it or hate it. i personally like it, but in this fourth movie the feeling is gone. the tomatoes aren't the same, jokes are lame, even the actors aren't as funny. because that's the only thing this kind of movies are supposed to be - funny.so now following the plot made to laugh, is annoying. they really shouldn't have done the fourth part to the killer tomatoes trilogy.

cheezy action movie starring dolph lungren. lungren is a one time military man who has retreated into a teaching job. but the changes in the neighborhood and the student body have left him frustrated and he decides that he?s going to hang it up. things get dicey when while watching over a bunch of students in detention some robbers take over the school as a base of operation for an armored car robbery. its dolph versus the baddies in a fight to the death. jaw dropping throw back to the exploitation films of the late grindhouse era where bad guys dressed as punks and some of the bad women had day glow hair. what a stupid movie. watchable in a i can?t believe people made this sort of way, this is an action film that was probably doomed from the get go before the low budget, fake breakaway sets and poor action direction were even a twinkle in a producers eye. watch how late in the film as cars drive through the school (don?t ask) they crash into the security turret (don?t ask since it looks more like a prison then a high school) and smash its barely constructed form apart(it doesn't look like it did in earlier shots). what hath the gods of bad movies wrought? actually i?m perplexed since this was directed (?) by sydney j furie, a really good director who made films like the boys in company c. has his ability failed him, or was this hopeless from the get go and he didn't even bother? it?s a turkey. a watchable one but a turkey none the less.

i am not sure why i like dolph lundgren. i guess seeing him on screen makes me feel that anyone who works hard can succeed regardless of talent. that is a good feeling for all of us who lack talent. some of the other reviews point out how dumb detention is, but many neglect to point out the positives. any movie where at least one annoying teenager gets killed can't be all bad. why do so many movies that have a cast of teens always need to include the stereotypical teens? aren't there any other kind of teens? does every group of teens have one angry black guy? one genius nerd that nobody likes? one slutty girl who is very friendly and (in this movie) pregnant? one disturbed anti-social white kid from a broken home who everyone agrees is talented (but what is the talent?). and one laid-back black kid who is in tune with the universe and so cool that all the other neurotic kids trust him. then add a couple of generic expendable teens of any color. they don't say much but get shot at some point. detention would have been better if the bad guys had gotten to blow up the school. preferably with the writers inside. the dialogue is bad, and the plot is worse. when the bad guys (and girl) finally hijack a van full of drugs, then they sit inside the van making out. they drive the van to the school because they want to re-paint the van at the school's paint shop, but they never get around to re-painting the van. by the way, it would have been easier to just put all the drugs in another car or two cars or another van or a truck and drive away without repainting the police van. they also never move the drugs or sell them or do anything else with the big score. for some reason, they decide they have to kill the kids and the teacher (dolph lundgren) even though when the villains take over the school nobody is remotely aware of it because it is after school hours. the handful of people still in the school have nothing to do with painting vehicles, so why go after them? anyhow, the best part of this movie is that the villains are all armed with numerous machine guns, and they keep finding the teens (including a guy in a wheel chair) and they keep shooting hundreds of bullets at the teens and usually miss. towards the end of the movie there is some bloodshed. for every time someone gets shot, there must be at least three hundred bullets fired that miss. the stunts are pretty bad. i read one of the reviews that says that this movie had a budget of $10 million, and i am amazed. when i saw the movie i figured maybe lundgren had done it as some kind of charity work for some film school where he is the teacher. like maybe this movie was their end of the year exam. it was a test to watch it, but i passed.

the 1963 version of "the haunting" has been one of my favorite horror films for years, so i anticipated the release of this 1999 remake with a good deal of trepidation. it hardly seemed that any follow-up could exceed or even equal the original masterpiece. unfortunately my worries were well-founded: this movie stinks.i don't know what the people involved in this film were thinking. jan de bont, who seemed to have had a fluke when he directed the excellent "speed," does as poorly here (or perhaps even worse) as he did with the much-hyped duds "twister" and "speed 2: cruise control." hey jan, stick to cinematography, would ya? liam neeson is adequate in his role as the doctor-pretending-to-be-a-sleep-psychologist -- i don't think he is capable of turning in a truly bad performance -- but even he cannot save a lame script and weak story. catherine zeta jones proves once again (as she did in "entrapment") that she lacks the acting ability to rise above the material that is handed to her. the female lead, who did great in an episode of "the x-files," looks lost here as eleanor, an insomniac hovering on the edge of sanity. and that blond guy, whoever he is, is more wooden than the laughably strange statuettes of children carved into the woodwork around the house. i don't think he changes expression once during the entire film.(spoilers ahead)the reason the first movie worked so well is because we were never sure whether the house was truly haunted or whether the manifestations were a result of eleanor's precarious mental state. no spirits are actually seen in the original, leaving much up to the imagination--a hallmark of other great horror films like "the changeling" and "the blair witch project." in this updated version, we of course get tons of cgi ghosts, which basically (in the face of the weak script/plot) make the movie totally unscary. the f/x aren't even that great, considering they were done by ilm. the frozen breath looks particularly fake. the effects in the underrated peter jackson film "the frighteners," which i saw just before this one, were a lot better. the wooden carvings of the children, which are supposed to look creepy, just look silly (especially when they scream), and the cgi monsters are nothing to write home about. rather than providing a relief from the bad acting, bad direction, and bad writing, the effects only add to this mess of a film.some particularly dumb scenes: when the three other characters break into eleanor's bedroom, and none of them seem at all surprised to find a huge scowling demon hovering over the bed. the scene where eleanor "sees" the former lady of the house hanging from the rafters... the acting here is particularly bad. and last, but not least, the unintentionally hilarious bit where wooden blond guy utters an uninspired shout of what is supposed to be anguish, leaps up on a piece of furniture, and starts slashing away at the painting of the old, evil guy who built the house. we actually get some satisfaction in this scene, as seconds after his attack, blond guy is dragged over to the fireplace by the ghost of the old guy and promptly gets his head cut off by the flue. it was the only part of the movie i enjoyed.in sum, stick to the original 1963 "the haunting." 3/10 stars.

i have yet to read shirley jackson's novel, something of which i've been meaning to do for quite sometime. i am sure it has got to be scarier than this film. i remember jumping once when i watched it the other day, although i cannot recall the scene. the special effects are great and i watched this on dvd, but i am sure in the theatre it must have been an awesome sight. after the first few special effects are done with i was waiting for a story to develop.i figured this movie at the least has to be loosely based on the classic novel, so a good story should be there, but it wasn't. i was relegated to staring at the gorgeous catherine zeta-jones character throughout the movie basically because there was nothing much else to watch. lili talor was such a suck character. i did not like her one bit, something about whiny people. also, the guy in this film reminded me of the cartoonish dudley doright with his voice and face. i could not relate to the characters at all. quigon, ahem liam neeson did an admirable job trying to get through this movie with some type of acting.half to three quarters of the way i was just dying to go see a campy friday the 13th or a scream queenish film! at least there is some type of entertainment value. if there is no story there at least they fill it up with gory deaths or attractive females. this had nothing. 

the script for this movie was probably found in a hair-ball recently coughed up by a really old dog. mostly an amateur film with lame fx. for you zeta-jones fanatics: she has the credibility of one mr. binks.

effect(s) without cause is generally not possible in the real world but in the world of hollywood remakes, not only is it possible, it's required. the haunting has been given the computer treatment courtesy of a 1st-class cinematographer-turner-director who once showed promise (jan de bont- speed) but has since produced a string of big budget garbage (twister, speed 2).actor are superfluous in a movie of this type and they seem to realize it. liam neeson and cathrine zeta-jones act like they wish they were anywhere but in this film. lili taylor makes an attempt to add something to the proceedings but whatever that something might be is unknown since the script feels like half of it is missing. events just happen, good and bad ghosts show up with no rhyme or reason and then the story just ends with a most unsatisfying non-event meant to wrap up the previous 90 minutes of inanity.there really isn't even reason to see this for the effects since we all know that anything can be put on screen now. why not watch effects in the service of a good story instead of just for their own sake?

i don't even know where to begin on this one. "it's all about the family." that has to be the worst line of dialogue ever heard in a "horror" movie, although this couldn't be a horror movie even if it tried!!! ugh!!! and i know that owen wilson is a better actor. he needs to stop playing the token guy who dies in every action movie (anaconda, armageddon). after all, the man did co-write "bottle rocket" and "rushmore." he does have some talent. also, lily taylor should stick to indie films. she has no place here. finally, catherine zeta-jones should become a porn star. there's no room in legitimate acting for her. i'm serious. one of the worst movies i've ever seen, ever.

i'm going to have to disagree with the previous comment and side with maltin on this one. this is a second rate, excessively vicious western that creaks and groans trying to put across its central theme of the wild west being tamed and kicked aside by the steady march of time. it would like to be in the tradition of "butch cassidy and the sundance kid", but lacks that film's poignancy and charm. andrew mclaglen's direction is limp, and the final 30 minutes or so are a real botch, with some incomprehensible strategy on the part of heroes charlton heston and chris mitchum. (someone give me a holler if you can explain to me why they set that hillside on fire.) there was something callous about the whole treatment of the rape scene, and the woman's reaction afterwards certainly did not ring true. coburn is plenty nasty as the half breed escaped convict out for revenge, but all of his fellow escapees are underdeveloped (they're like bowling pins to be knocked down one by one as the story lurches forward). michael parks gives one of his typically shifty, lethargic, mumbling performances, but in this case it was appropriate as his modern style sheriff symbolizes the complacency that technological progress can bring about.

this one came out during the western genre’s last gasp; unfortunately, it emerges to be a very minor and altogether unsatisfactory effort – even if made by and with veterans in the field! to begin with, the plot offers nothing remotely new: james coburn escapes from a chain gang, intent on killing the man (now retired) who put him there – charlton heston. while the latter lays a trap for him, coburn outwits heston by kidnapping his daughter (barbara hershey). naturally, the former lawman – accompanied by hershey’s greenhorn fiancé (chris mitchum) – sets out in pursuit of coburn and his followers, all of whom broke jail along with him.rather than handling the proceedings in his customary sub-fordian style, mclaglen goes for a sam peckinpah approach – with which he’s never fully at ease: repellent characters, plenty of violence, and the sexual tension generated by hershey’s presence among coburn’s lusty bunch. incidentally, heston and coburn had previously appeared together in a sam peckinpah western – the troubled major dundee (1965; i really need to pick up the restored edition of this one on dvd, though i recently taped the theatrical version in pan-and-scan format off tcm uk). anyway, the film is too generic to yield the elegiac mood it clearly strives for (suggested also by the title): then again, both stars had already paid a fitting valediction to this most american of genres – will penny (1968) for heston and coburn with pat garrett & billy the kid (1973)! at least, though, heston maintains a modicum of dignity here – his ageing character attempting to stay ahead of half-breed coburn by anticipating what his next move will be; the latter, however, tackles an uncommonly brutish role and only really comes into his own at the climax (relishing his moment of vengeance by sadistically forcing heston to witness his associates’ gang-rape of hershey). apart from the latter, this lengthy sequence sees heston try to fool coburn with a trick borrowed from his own el cid (1961), the villainous gang is then trapped inside a bushfire ignited by the practiced heston and the violent death of the two ‘obsolete’ protagonists (as was his fashion, heston’s demise takes the form of a gratuitous sacrifice!).the supporting cast includes michael parks as the ineffectual town sheriff, jorge rivero as coburn’s mexican lieutenant, and larry wilcox – of the tv series chips! – as the youngest member of coburn’s gang who’s assigned the task of watching over hershey (while doing his best to keep his drooling mates away!). jerry goldsmith contributes a flavorful but, at the same time, unremarkable score.

this film is a travesty, and isn't fit to keep company with the superior original. the plot is an absolute mess, and the film is way too long. everytime they're struggling, they desperately inject a sentimental reminder from the first film."gregory's girl" is one of the top 10 british films of all time, this one is awful.

wow. that's about as much as i can say right now. who writes this stuff? who produces this stuff? what self-respecting actor would agree to 'act' in this stuff? oh my god! i don't know how i made it through this movie, but i assume the fact that i had had like 8 cups of coffee that day was the key element in keeping me awake. good lord! it was one of the most droned-out and predictable pieces of cinematography i have ever witnessed...and for the record, i don't ever plan to 'witness' it again.i first saw the film when i bought the dvd (mistake #1). i mean...i figured, hey! julia stiles. i like her. she's cool. i'll watch it as soon as i get home (mistake #2). i tried to watch it without groaning every five minutes wondering when this bunch of crap would come to an end, really i did. but i was unsuccessful. it was one of the worst things i had ever seen. i mean...what is with that thing where he imagines what would happen then snaps back into real life? that was annoying enough when the father used to do that in 'parenthood' like ten years ago. the 'jokes' - and believe me, it takes a lot out of me to call them that - are stupid, the characters are trite and forgettable, the storyline is entirely predictable...altogether this makes for a movie that should be wiped from history records! i should have figured something was wrong when i realized that i'd never heard of this movie. it was most likely a straight-to-dvd.to anybody who may be thinking of watching this, i have one piece of advice. don't! for the love of god...don't!!! i'm ashamed to have it in my dvd collection, and i can't get rid of it...nobody, and i mean nobody wants to buy it from me! and i'm talking second-hand and third-hand thrift shops that would buy the mud off your shoes and stick it in the store window. that should let you know just how crap it is.

just a regular jason lee movie, there were some parts of the movie that were funny. the undertone of the move is to live life on the edge i guess. these are the types of movies that i think 14 year old girls watch at slumber parties. it was an all right movie. it is kind of one of those movies you have on in the back ground and look up every now and then to when something catches attention. i think that julia stiles and selma blair are a good combination and would like to see them in a movie with a good story and plot. its just kind of a boy meets girl movie. this is that perfect movie they would show on comedy central. i am glad that i didn't see this movie in the theater, i would have been angry. but i guess that's why i didn't see it in the theater.

this is so incredibly bad. poor actors. you can tell they're trying really hard to polish a turd, but we all know you can't. the writing is so obvious and facile, it's sad watching them try to sell it. the humor and pacing are so labored, it's hard to believe any of these good actors signed on for this.that said, it's so awful that we're having a hard time looking away from the screen. we just have to know where this trainwreck goes. but that's only because we caught it on tv. if we had actually paid for this, we'd be disgusted. so it gets 2 stars for being at least amusingly/fascinatingly bad. and the incidental music (as opposed to the trying-too-hard indie soundtrack) is laughably reminiscent of an episode of scooby-doo... but not as good.

i thought this movie had absolutely no moral. i mean, how would you feel if your fiancé left you on your wedding day for your cousin??? i would be heartbroken!! it's classified as a comedy but i didn't find it funny at all. i thought it just mostly found cheap laughs and took them. i normally love julie stiles movies, but this is an exception. jason lee stars in another disgraceful show, which once again proves that class and decent morals are not relevant in todays society. it had a complete lack of taste and i despise movies like this. i understand that people will defend this movie and it's morals because it is 'just a movie', but i still stand by my mark that this bad behaviour shouldn't be allowed on screen. i'm not trying to say that if you enjoyed this movie, you are a bad person, as everyone is entitled to their own opinion, and parts of this movie were enjoyable, i'm just saying that in real life, people acting like the characters in this film were doing is shameful.

this is not the video nastie, but only because it came out in 1994 when they were presumably tired of the whole thing in britain. it is 75% a rehash of the boogeyman, and would have been banned for the same reason - whatever that was.i was initially confused as i thought that annie (kelly galindo) may have been a different lacey, but she was someone trouble by psychic visions of a boogeyman similar to the one in the first film. fans will immediately note that they are not the same person.after seeing a murder in a bathroom, and also seeing the address as well, annie, her psychiatrist and a para psychology student who greatly resembles the guy on the cheap romance novels and butter commercials, head to the house, and, sure enough, it's the same bathroom. 24 hours later a murder happens just as she described. of course, we have no idea who this boobilicious woman is or why she was murdered.then the movie shift to a rerunning of the boogeyman story with some extra footage that we did not see in the original. notably, the boogeyman is shown unlike the original. sadly, some of the good scenes were cut, but 90% of it is there. why rerun this film? did they find the footage in the trash? what was the purpose? we'll never know and, despite the psychologist telling annie she is cured, we all know the bogeyman will never die.

i got a dvd of "bogeyman" and this stunker was an extra feature. i assumed that it was "boogeyman ii" because it was paired with the original. but you know what they say about those who "assume": it makes an "ass-" out of "u-" and "me." i had read before viewing that bii contains a lot of footage from the original and that it starred actress love. while watching "return of the boogeyman," i decided to stick around through the original footage to see the notorious death-by-toothbrush scene. before i knew it, the film was over. rip-off. i think that i thought this was bii because this has a similar title to one of bii's alternate titles. oh well, at least this was just an extra feature, right? let me stop talking about my mistake and start talking about the movie's mistakes. many, many, mistakes. who does this guy ulli whatever think he is? does he really think the same movie will sell in different forms. there is nothing original holding part iii up. it is basically a flashback of the original through the eyes of a psychic, who is giving us a gruelingly boring play-by-play as everything happens. that's the movie. oh, and one death-by-stereo scene, but you can read that off someone else's review. my interest in "boogeyman ii" is forever lost.final note: this is not a series of films to watch back to back.

i was previously unaware that in the early 1990's devry university (or was it itt tech?) added film to its wonderful repertoire of technical degree programs. well this movie must have been the product of the class valedictorian. my friend and i rented the original 1980 boogeyman on my netflix and this movie was on the flip side of the dvd. do not waste your time with this movie. awful awful awful. the filmmaker adds 2 main character's, a woman and her therapist. the woman has been having dreams about the boogeyman and his victim's from the first film. over 50% of this film is stock from the original movie. the rest of the movie is the main character having the bad dreams while her therapist drones on a the narrator. these scenes are shot through a filter so thick the characters glow. they would make angela lansbury look 25 years old. so, to recap, awful. don't watch this movie.

ulli lommel's 1980 film 'the boogey man' is no classic, but it's an above average low budget chiller that's worth a look. the sequel, 1983s 'boogey man ii' is ultimately a waste of time, but at the very least it's an entertaining one if not taken the least bit seriously. now ii left the door open for another sequel, and i for one wouldn't have minded seeing at least one more. one day while i was browsing though the videos at a store in the mall i came across a film entitled 'return of the boogey man.' when i found out it was a sequel to the earlier films i was happy to shell out a few bucks for it...i should have known better. though the opening title is 'boogey man 3,' this is no sequel to those two far superior films i named above. well, not totally anyway.pros: ha! that's a laugh. is there anything good about this hunk of cow dung? let's see...it has footage from 'the boogey man' and, um...it's mercifully short. yeah, that's about it.cons: where to start? decisions, decisions. first of all, this movie is a total bore. it goes from one scene to the next without anything remotely interesting or scary happening. the acting is stiff at best. the "actors" are most likely friends of the director who had no acting experience whatsoever before, and probably none since. the plot is nonexistent and script shoddily written. the direction is just plain awful. the director tries to make the film look all artsy fartsy by making the camera move around, lights flicker, and with filters, but it adds nothing. the music is dull and hard to hear in parts. ties to the original are botched. suzanna love's character was named lacey, not natalie! and the events depicted in the beginning of the original did not take place in 1978. also, if this has a 3 in the title, why is there no mention of what happened in ii? finally, this adds nothing new or interesting to either the series or the genre.final thoughts: the people behind this waste of time and money should be ashamed of themselves. it's one thing if that had been an original film that was the director's first and sucked. but instead it's supposed to be a sequel to film that is no masterpiece, but is damn sure far more interesting and entertaining than this. if there ever is another sequel, which i doubt it, then it needs to forget this one ever happened and be handled either by lommel himself or someone who has at least some idea of how to make a decent horror film.my rating: 1/5

return of the boogyman is a dreadful movie which doesn't play like a movie, it plays like an episode of a tv sitcom when they flashback to older episodes. return of the boogyman is just a clip show.mutch of the film is constant and annoying flashbacks from the first movie. over and over again the same footage. how boring this is.the movie really is about a psychic woman who has visions of the first movie.i have seen the first movie i don't want to see the same scenes over and over again and i don't know who would. the whole movie looks like it was quickly made to make a few bucks and thats it.

i can't believe this film was allowed to be made. these people should be drug out and beat with blunt objects. they should be tortured. this film is an abomination.it's nothing but footage from the first film. whatever is original is freaky and makes no sense whatsoever. it's like some sort of drug hallucination.like, what's with the laying on a mirror naked therapy. also, whatever moron patched together this turd didn't even bother to watch the first film, because they kept calling suzanna love's character natalie, when it's lacey. i felt like shouting that at the screen, "it's lacey, it's lacey!!!!". i give it a -50 out of 10. my god!!!!

the entire movie is flashbacks from the first boogeyman movie as well as, inexplicably, footage from another uli lommel / suzanna love film brainwaves. it is framed with some more current (from the early 90's anyway) footage that is boring, poorly acted and cheaply shot. not only is the film almost completely flashbacks, they repeat the same flashbacks throughout the film. so you see the recycled footage over and over again, as if you hadn't seen it already. as if the originals weren't bad enough. i've never seen a movie so padded.... someone was milking the last dollar out of these films. total ripoff. and talk about padding... why do i have to write 10 lines about this trash? if i can convey that it's garbage in 2 lines, that should be enough.

let me just say i loved the original boogeyman. sure, it's a flawed clichéd 80s horror movie, but hey those types are fun to watch! and plus it gave us something a bit different. so i gladly bought it and to my surprise this movie came along with it (only copy they had actually) so i thought "eh, what the hell" and bought it. mistake #1. so that night i felt in the mood to watch a movie (i actually bought tons that day) and figured this was the shortest out of all the ones i bought so i'll just watch this and hit the sack. mistake #2. yes, i have heard how bad it was but i was willing to take a chance.so a few minutes into the movie and there's the first flashback. i think nothing of it at first. then the new footage with the prediction of the chick in the bathtub and i'm kinda liking the direction it's going in. then the next flashback which is a bit longer and i'm sitting there thinking "yes i've seen the first boogeyman! i know what happens so move along!" then the next one comes up and i figure screw it and fast forward through it. then the final one (maybe i fast forwarded through the explanation but why was she lying topless on the mirror? at least she could've shown them!) and i decide to fast forward through it and then the climax and the movie was over! wtf? what happened to the prediction stuff? what happened to the long hair dude (did he tap that or what?)? and more importantly what kind of weed was the writer and director smoking when making this awful pos??!!! and what was the point? was annie just having flashbacks of what happened in the first movie? or was the stuff from the first movie just happening at the same time as this? the latter could make sense because the stabbing of pantyhose face happened in 1978 according to the characters in this movie and it was 15 years later. wait a minute, no it wouldn't! because lacey (who the movie questionably renamed nancy! is uli too dumb to remember his movie characters' names?) would be 20 years old since she was 5 when that happened and not only is she married to someone who looks 30ish but also has a kid who looks around 7 and 10! did she get around during middle school? and also why would pantyhose be after annie? what connection does she even have with the characters of the original movie? and a big huge movie mistake i found in this movie is that when the doctor is writing in his notebook does anyone notice that he's just scribbling? wow, how professional, doc! so, what is the explanation for all of the questions i asked above? it's a pointless movie with no thought put into it at all! i will try to find a copy of the original movie that comes with just that movie and that's it (maybe a couple of extra features, any special edition of it yet?). then i will return this dvd and hopefully this review and all the others will prevent those who haven't seen it from seeing it thus making movie stores get rid of it and this movie may not exist anymore! please let that be so! sorry this review is so long. i'm just angry at this movie i had to vent somehow

this show had a lot of hype but i didn't know about it until the midseason (season 1). someone even recommended the show to me. but i decided that if i was going to watch it, i was going to wait until the end of the season so i could watch it in bulk. due to the show's format, i'm happy i waited. i imagine it would have been fairly annoying have nearly every episode end in the middle of some cliff hanger then have to wait another week to find out what happens in the next second of the story.somehow, this show has managed to throw in too much sex. jason will have sex with pretty much anything that moves. right after he finds out that one woman he had sex with was killed, he's in bed with another woman the next night! then tara and sam get it on, despite each of them knowing that sam is in love with sookie. and for some reason, sookie gets mad when she later finds out about it--even though she's sleeping with a vampire. one of the problems with the show, is that it doesn't do a good job of making you care about the characters. i really didn't care for jason at all. along with his endless pursuit of tale, he was rude to the people who actually were concerned for him. after a few episodes, i wouldn't have minded if he got killed somehow. for that reason, i was for the most part uninterested in the murders until sookie's grandmother became a victim (since the first two were more closely involved with jason).then once sookie and bill have sex, the story gets a few more subplots. tara's mother wants an exorcism, then the exorcist lady tries to convince tara that she should have one to remove her own demon. i wasn't so much bothered by the whole exorcism thing as i know there are some people who really believe in that stuff. however, they waste little time in showing that is it a farce right after tara spends about $1300 on exorcisms for her and her mother. at other points, some of the developments happen too fast. jason continues being a jerk, trying to sell his grandmother's stuff to buy vampire blood, which apparently is the new crack or something. in his search he finds this girl who will do v (vampire blood) with him. they get high, and within three days fall in love with each other and kidnap a vampire for a constant source of v. another example is when bill has to go to a vampire tribunal. he's only gone for two days before sookie starts to feel abandoned and start to wonder if he thinks "vampire politics" are more important than her.subtlety is not this show's strong suit. it doesn't take a genius to figure out something is going on with the local dog. although my assumption wasn't dead on, it wasn't that much of a surprise. but the finale two episodes was where it really got annoying as it just shoved all the developments in your face as if you couldn't possibly figure the out for yourself. when tara gets into the car accident, the naked lady's face with the pig is clearly shown, and was easily recognizable when she shows up at the jail for the bailout. as if that wasn't enough, they later show the lady again with the pig at her house. then it's time to wrap up the murder story. at the end of the penultimate episode, it's revealed that renee is not who he says he is and most likely is the killer. in the final episode, they shove renee being the killer in your face. sookie remarks that it's odd that renee's thoughts don't have an accent. i thought that was fine, as it adds to renee being a fraud. but the next scene is full of incriminating evidence against renee. they show that renee has the tape of maudette with the vampire and his fiancée finds a tape in one of renee's boxes about how to fake a cajun accent. at this point it was just ridiculous. i mean we get it!!! so blah blah blah stuff happens. bill almost kills himself while failing to save sookie, who still manages to kill renee. they start to set up season 2 by leaving unfinished issues. the naked pig lady and sam have a history, lafayette has gone missing and might have been killed. jason is in the process of being brainwashed into being a religious nut by some anti-vampire church--which makes me care about him even less.it's almost surprising to see how many people absolutely love this show. i think i just expected this show to be better. i'm interested in seeing what happens in season 2, but if i watch it, i'll most likely wait for the season completion.

after watching some of hbo's great stuff - band of brothers, rome, etc. - i must say i had pretty high expectations before watching the first episode of "true blood". jeez. often the script seemed to be written by an 8-year-old, some parts are just horribly filmed, (the scene in which she "saves" bill, i mean come on. she throws a chain at the guy and ow! it goes around his neck and it magically chokes him! that was pretty embarrassing if you want my opinion. or a few moments before that scene, when she finds out that the couple is gone with bill, ridiculous. she hears them plan their stuff, and like 5 seconds later, magic! the 3 of them are gone, and without any struggle or noise or anything!i mean the idea of the show seemed interesting, mysterious, intriguing, vampires co-existing with human in our modern society... but honestly i don't think they really wanted to make more of this than a petty soap show, that the average teen girl watches all the time but that nobody else cares about... unfortunately, the script is written poorly, mediocre at best. it's shallow and extremely predictable. often i thought that this was some kind of a joke or something. the actors deliver really unconvincing performances, if you want my opinion. they seem to take the show very lightly, as if it were some kind of a regular, low budget family tv show (well maybe thats what it is, if you take away the family part). the only actor that seemed somewhat good to me was stephen moyer in the role of bill, considering the poorly written, extremely short replies he had to say "what are you..." "can i give you a call sometime...", i think he did good in bringing out the somewhat mysteriously scary part of a vampire that anyone with a vampire role must have, actually. anna paquin was okay as well, but not more. but the guy, playing her brother though, jeez, he's horrible. the scene in which he gets arrested is just simply a shame to modern television. the acting is bad, the construction site looks fake to the bone, and the two other guys "why is he getting arrested? uh.. i dunno..." that was pretty embarrassing. another thing that i think was completely missed was the way they presented sookie's psychic powers. they make us hear what people think and speak both at the same time and thats just wrong. often it just seems unnecessarily chaotic, as if people's thought were some sort of an annoying radio channel, and that when she comes close to em she hits the right frequency level and has to hear everything that they think. and finally, the sex scenes are just plainly unnecessary and that vampire sex tape thing was just totally disgusting. don't get me wrong - i wrote all these comments not because i thought the show was bad, but because i was very disappointed. i expected quality stuff. i didn't think it was going to be like that. it's definitely not a good show though. mediocre at best.

one of those classics, held up next to "deep throat" and "behind the green door."sure, it was clever, but the female lead isn't that attractive and sex isn't that hot. but if not for this film, porn would not have blossomed into what it is today.harry reems was the ron jeremy of his day. worth a look if you're a fan.

a friend gave it to me saying it was another classic like "debbie does dallas". nowhere close. i think my main complaint is about the most unattractive lead actress in porn industry ever. even more terrible is that she is on screen virtually all the time. but i read somewhere that back in those days, porn had to have some "artistic" value. i was unable to find it though. see it only if you are interested in history of development of porn into mainstream, or can appreciate art in porn movies. i know i am not. but the director of the movie appears to be a talented person. he even tried to get simon & garfunkel to give him permissions to use his songs. of course, they rejected.

there is a dvd published in the uk in 2002 code hrgd002 on the cover, no asin, vfc 19796 on the disk, no ifpi code in the inner rim.probably a straight transfer from vhs. there is no much point is commenting an adult film. but this one contains a minimal plot, and the characters are believable. it was shown in the united states in normal cinemas.i've seen it in pensylvannia way back in 1975.as such it deserves a place in an encyclopedia of movies. the dvd has no special features and no subtitles, and was probably made using a vhs tape as source

yes, this film gets a lot of attention and is considered a classic in the adult film genre. still, i did not like this one at all. about a woman who commits suicide in a scene more fitting a horror movie, she is given the opportunity to return to earth briefly to live the life of lust she never did before in her mundane life. crappy sex scenes to follow. why are they crappy, for one they try so hard to be artistic that they take away from the actual sex act. i mean we watch porn for the sex do we not. little girls blue also does things in an artistic way, but it is still very erotic and nice to look at. of course the girls in that one are very cute. here we have a rather unattractive lead actress and that does not help things. if you find the lead in your adult film unappealing there is no amount of artistic vision that is going to make me enjoy the film. the sex scenes range from yuck to bizarre...i mean there is a snake in one of them people. so for me this movie just fails as it does not excite me at all, but rather turns me off.

oh my, this was the worst reunion movie i have ever seen. (that is saying a lot.) i am ashamed of watching.what happened in the script meetings? "ooooooh, i know! let's have two stud muffins fall madly in love with the most-annoying-character-since-cousin-oliver." "yeah, that'll be cool!"even for sitcoms, this was the most implausible plot since ron popeil starting spray painting bald men.

i'm both amused and disgusted by the people who claim that this movie is so accurate about vietnam, and were never there. this movie is about as true about the whole vietnam war as the rodney king beating is true about all police officers. yes, bad things do (and did) happen, but in general the people there are just like you and me. they have morals, they are not killing machines, they do not all do drugs. atrocities were the exception in vietnam, not the rule. they happened far more infrequently than the "hype" would lead you believe. oliver stone has a knack for making movies that show the vietnam war as this brutal bloodbath, but are based as much in reality as star wars. if you honestly believe the stereotypes of vietnam, do yourself a favour and learn the truth. fact: the viet cong and nva did far worse things to the south vietnamese than any soldier in the us armed forces ever did. fact: the soldiers in world war ii treated the enemy far worse in general than the soldiers in vietnam did, and they were welcomed when they came home. the fine americans who served this country in vietnam deserve our respect; though the war was badly fought from a political standpoint, no one could have asked for more from our soldiers, and it is a great disservice to assert that this kind of "mostly true" fiction is the way things really were there.

platoon is to the vietnam war as rocky iv is to heavyweight championship boxing. oliver stone's story of the experience of a us army platoon in vietnam in 1968 is so overdone it's laughable. while most or all of the occurrences in platoon did occur over the 10+ year span of us military involvement in vietnam, to portray these things happening to one small group of men in such a short time frame (weeks) gives a horribly skewed picture of the war. in platoon, the men of the platoon see all of the following in the course of a week or two: us soldiers murdering civilians, us soldiers raping civilians, a us sergeant murdering another us sergeant, a us private murdering a us staff sergeant, us soldiers killed/wounded by friendly fire, 90%+ killed or wounded in the platoon. for stone to try to pass this film off as the typical experience of a us soldier in vietnam is a disgrace. two vietnam war films i would recommend are we were soldiers (the true story of arguably the worst battle for us soldiers in vietnam) and hbo's a bright shining lie.

i read one other review that expressed the view that platoon was a never ending cycle of marines killing people, being killed, taking drugs and talking trash.i don't agree with that because the film actually had more to it, but it a way, i can see what this person is trying to say: this had no real plot - which is a point i agree with.it is self-indulgent stone at his best. he really wanted to show, not only how war leads to death, but also how it is extremely traumatic on those who survive. unfortunately, the film seems to over "glorify" this aspect and the grand finale is just way too champagne, grand-standing, oscar-hunting "let's create an enduring image" for my liking.the problem i have with stone and other film-makers of his ilk is that they fail to understand this simply concept: depicting the terribly bloody deadly waste that war is does not prove or even reflect on whether it was an unjust or immoral war. we have seen the same thing emerge at the moment with iraq. in case you're missing the point, let me put it to you bluntly: if you saw how truly bloody the second world war was and how destructive it was on the lives of the surviving soldiers, would you think it was an unjust war? if that fact alone doesn't convince you that it was an unjust war, then why should depictions of the horrors of vietnam convince you that it was wrong to go to war in that instance. personally, i do not support america's decision to go to war in vietnam, but i certainly don't subscribe to the "this war is wrong because people died and suffered" theory. i don't think that motivations are always wrong by default, just because war in itself is terrible.this says nothing of the fact that the ending or the final big "twist" was a bit stupid. however, this is not stones first oddball departure. wall street was a magnificent film, up until the last 30 minutes or so when it made a dreadful "wrong turn." jfk is probably one of the few films stone did that actually ended very well.but it hardly matters in this one because there was very little plot up until that point of the film to twist around. and this is why i gave it such a low mark. it was virtually story-less and ultimately boring - unless you fell for the manufactured poignancy.

we know that firefighters and rescue workers are heroes: an idée reçue few would challenge. friends and family of these and others who perished in the attacks on the world trade center might well be moved by this vapid play turned film. a sweet, earnest, though tongue-tied fireman recalls what he can of lost colleagues to a benumbed journalist who converts his fragments into a eulogy. they ponder the results. he mumbles some more, she composes another eulogy, etc., etc.the dreadful events that provoked the need for several thousand eulogies is overwhelmingly sad, but this plodding insipid dramatization is distressingly boring.

two years ago at sundance i loved josh kornbluth's directing debut-haiku tunnel. so i was looking forward to his brother (and frequent collaborator) jacob's, the best thief in the world. this is a drama about a seemingly good kid growing up in a lower-class area of new york. the movie is not without its poignant moments. but at times it is as if kornbluth is working way too hard to state the obvious: life can be very difficult for some people. and life isn't fair.more subtle, and more important, is our understanding that despite all of these somewhat abhorrent cultural underpinnings and the anti-social behavior they may spawn, these characters have no shortage of goodness and humanity. we can recoil at their language and their living conditions, but we are cannot discount their intent. and in fact, their struggles to maintain a family under such adversity has a certain nobility that most of us can barely appreciate. kornbluth grew up in this neighborhood, and his compassion for the people is evident throughout.having said all this, the best thief in the world suffers from many painful flaws (including the title). the characters aren't very believable. the writing is uneven. and the plot-line is barely discernible. and for many the most disturbing is that kornbluth uses two young black boys mimicking gangsta rap between scenes. to each his own: but while i don't question the potential realism of this phenomenon, it pains me to see 5-year-old children mf'ing and talking about having sex with a line-up of women. it's unnecessary shock value and is a forced bit of borrowed interest.

***spoilers*** let's start with the "good" of this film--the serviceable acting of cynthia rothrock and richard norton. the rest of the acting is awful (this isn't aided by the atrocious script). the worst culprit is the villain, buntao, the head of an asian crime syndicate (played by frans tumbuan). i was laughing my head off as he was expressing his "fury" over having lost a bunch of money; horrid performance. patrick muldoon isn't much better, and his "it's a hostile takeover" line (that's the remainder of the title of this film) was delivered about as badly as one could do it. there are no other main characters, but no other actor/actress distinguished him/herself in this film. we next come to the plot. this should tell you all you need to know: in the original "rage and honor," cynthia rothrock, who plays chris fairchild, was a teacher in the inner city. now, she's a c.i.a. agent (or was it some other governmental agency--sorry, but this film was so bad that i don't even remember). hmmm...i can imagine what that c.i.a. application process was like. interviewer: what past job experience do you have? chris: i was a teacher. interviewer: okay; you're hired! i only give it a "2" because of some decent acting and a nice plot twist at the end (though we know that tommy (muldoon), the secret villain, will be caught).

very outdated film with awful, cliché-ridden and mawkish dialog and a very poor construction. in addition, cassavetes and falk overact constantly. a pseudo "good movie". it takes no time to discover how catastrophic this intellectual turkey is. the first scene is a total bore, filled with histrionics and hysteric exchanges. the sound is horrible. camera movements are without imagination as is the building of characters. no poetry, no subtle psychology, no interesting shots. the actors smoke constantly and we see ads for beer beverages. very cheap, indeed. (one exception : ned beattie"s nice and simple way of playing the hit man).

(when will i ever learn-?) the ecstatic reviewer on npr made me think this turkey was another citizen kane. please allow me to vent my spleen...i will admit: the setting, presumably new york city, has never been so downright ugly and unappealing. i am reminded that the 70's was a bad decade for men's fashion and automobiles. and all the smoking-! if the plan was to cheapen the characters, it succeeded.for a film to work (at least, in my simple estimation), there has to be at least one sympathetic character. only ned beaty came close, and i could not wait for him to finish off nicky. if a stray shot had struck mikey, well, it may have elicited a shrug of indifference at the most.i can't remember when i detested a film as strongly. i suppose i'm a rube who doesn't dig "art" flicks. oh, well.

if you want to see a movie about two utterly unsympathetic characters, this is the one. the acting is superb, both from john cassavetes as the insane paranoid whom, as the saying goes, they really are out to get, and from peter falk as his lifelong best friend to whom he turns for rescue. big mistake, but since they're both amoral mobsters, and misogynistic bastards to boot, it's hard to decide whom to root for less. only writer/director elaine may could have gotten away with this one. i thought it interesting that in a lengthy interview with producer michael hausman included on the dvd, he disclosed that the two stars had "very different ideas" about the script, that the director was nearly impossible to work with, that the director of photography had impossible demands made of him, that the crew was constantly angry about being made to sit around waiting, and so on. this mood of one big very dysfunctional family comes across clearly on the screen.

this movie is a perfect adaptation of the english flick unfaithful. ashmit plays the role of richard gere, emran that of olivier and malikka the perfect cheating wife role of lane.they have changed the second half of the film to adapt for the indian masses. even then the movie has got the full traces of unfaithful, though it couldn't catch up with the original. it was a cheap soft porn of the bollywood lovers, where mallika showed a lot more skin than anyone dared to show. emran did more roles like this and was even nicknamed the serial killer. in the future if the indian directors plan to remake a english movie then they have to look into the feasibility of the plot with the indian censors. though the film bombed at the box office, the actors got the undue recognition. in future the directors should be a little more careful in remaking a oscar nominated film. all said, this is not a family film, so take the extra caution while watching it at home with family.

anurag basu who co-directed the flop kucch to hai made his debut in this film the film was ahead of it's times in a way though it has a story not to different and it came closest to hawas which released 1 week before and luckily this was better and did a better businessthe movie starts off well, malika's guilt is well shown at the start though the scene with emraan- malika is too crude/vulgarthe scenes between emraan and malika are well handled and the twist in the tale where ashmith confronts emraan is brilliantthe pace moves fast and the viewer is kept on the edge but the second girlfriend track of emraan isn't fully convincingalso the cop track seems half bakedthe finale is too filmy toodirection by anurag basu is good music is a winner, all songs were fab camera-work was stunningemraan played his naughty streak very well, this was the role that gave him stardom and though he kept playing such roles and got annoying in this film he was superb ashmith too was good in his role for once, he did a nice job and one of his only good performance and he looked good too malika was brilliant in her role esp in the second half but her dial delivery was at times not up to the mark sadly rarely she showed such potential in other films raj jhutsi is okay

this movie is bizarre. better put, it's "freakin' weird". i could give you a plot summary, or some hoity toity analysis, but i would consider it a waste of your time. all anybody needs to know about this movie is two young sisters, one incestuous relationship, homicide, post mortem mutilation, and one really disturbing infatuation. at the end of the movie you feel like you need to go take a shower to wash the filth off yourself, but not in a good way like after "pulp fiction" or "fight club". it's like you're a teenager (or high schooler being that i am myself still a teenager)and have just done something you a: wish you hadn't done, and b: hope to the good lord of heaven and earth that your parents never find out about. and nobody likes that. my advise is that rather than defiling your mind and by watching piece of wanton cinematic filth, just go waste your time on something a little less horrible and watch "kazaam"(yes, i would rather watch "kazaam" than "murderous maids", read into it what you want).

awful movie. it's a shame that a few of flanders's top actors and actresses made such a lamentably poor film.there is barely something changed since the first movie and the tv series: same actors, same prototype characters, same scenario (emotional complications, the team under emotional pressure but everything turn out tip-top after a predictable grand finale). another constant fact in the work of jan verheyen is the exaggerated product placement (company logo's on the team's shirt and along side the pitch ok but two times a commercial (by one of the characters) about an internet provider is just over the top.meanwhile, rumour has it about the making of a second series for flanders commercial tv station 'vtm' (coincidental or not, the station where jan verheyen is programmation manager since a few months)to conclude ... and the golden raspberry award for worst foreign movie goes to ... team spirit 2

i don't believe they made this film. completely unnecessary. the first film was okay. but there was no need for a sequel, certainly not after a television series that was already a sequel to the first film. this film feels like a soap-opera. the writing is so bad, it's utterly simple. the jokes don't come across, the acting is flat, it's shot like a soap, it lacks any direction. the first film had a good emotional spine behind it. every character had a little arc. it was very simple then but somehow it worked and i could see the merit of that film. but this time around, there is no cohesive story-line. the characters are dull stereotypes and nothing interesting happens. one good thing: the brazilian boy who plays axel daeseleire's son is pretty well cast. that was their one moment of creative success on this film. i hear they already shot a second television series as a sequel to 'team spirit 2' but please god, don't let them make a third feature installment...

this movie is just plain bad. weak story , weak directing and below average acting. the thing that really irritated me was the blatant advertising - constantly - for a well known internet provider. it is obvious some scenes are written to do just that , advertising. this movie is a slap in the face to anyone who payed money for this.do not watch this, it not worth your time.

this is the worst show. buntch of grown up acting like kids no humor nothing. even sesame street has better humor and more adult than friends "friends" may be the worst thing i've ever seen on television and i've been sitting in front of the tube observing friends" simply does not stack up well to other, contemporary series. it lacks the smartness of "seinfeld" and the wonderful self-ridicule of pomposity that is the hallmark of "frasier". the characters in "friends" seem designed to make them repellant dullards. this incestuous group of neighbors makes my flesh crawl.the unintelligent show is completely without an edge of any sort. the characters are caricatures of caricatures and the writing is sophomoric -- though intentionally so. (it might be interesting to observe a writing session since the writers may have to slave to aim lower than their capabilities so as not to confuse the loyal friends of "friends".)

it is quite simple. friends is a comedy of very basic humour aimed at teenagers and young adults, with unsophisticated sense of humour.it is also painfully obvious that towards the end, they were desperately trying to make it last 10 seasons, most likely so they could say they beat seinfeld's 9 season run. the trouble with this is, seinfeld had 9 amazing seasons with great writing, friends had (and i'm being very generous here) at most 5 or 6 ok seasons and then 4 abysmal seasons.it became a soap opera with recycled humour and recycled character traits that weren't that good so start with, then got worse at the 100th time you saw them. i find it so hard to understand why people rate this so highly. it is truly awful.

i am stunned to discover the amount of fans this show has. haven't said that friends was, at best an 'average' sitcom, and not as great as others have made out. let's face it, if it wasn't for the casting of courtney cox arquette, david schwimmer, matthew perry, lisa kudrow, jennifer aniston and matt le blanc, then who knows whether this show would've lasted as long as it has done. i very much doubt that. although as the series progressed, friends got more progressively predictable, lame and boring that i couldn't care less about the characters- of whom are the most overrated in tv history- or of their plight, nor of who was sleeping with whom. and it went from being funny in the first four seasons to occasionally funny. and even when it had all these a-list hollywood actors from the movie world, i still didn't bother to tune in. the writing in friends became stale that i lost interest in this show from the sixth season onwards and as for the ending, well it was predictable to say the least.what was annoying though was that this lasted for ten seasons, whilst some of my favourite shows lasted for only three, four seasons for instance and were eventually cancelled and taken off the air for good. the show should've came to an immediate halt by the time the cast wanted bigger salaries. in truth, as much as the series waned, it was the show that was bigger than the actors themselves, not the other way round. when it ended in 2004, i was so relieved to see the back of this sitcom. now, there is talk of a friends reunion show coming to our tv screens very soon. and yet, i for one will not be looking forward to it whatsoever.

i have a severe problem with this show, several actually. a simple list will suffice for now, i'll go into more depth later on: superficial characters, a laugh-track and boring humour.if you don't wish to look at the rest of this review and are only reading it so you can feel superior (as if you see anything in this show i didn't) to a frequently irked teen from canada i'll summarize: friends sucks, not only because it is unfunny but because it destroyed the tv audiences for new, good shows (arrested development, dexter etc.). friends is as much to blame for reality tv, "two and a half men" and "the king of queens" as the television executives. now then, on with the review.these characters have no soul, they are exactly the same in every way (outside of gender and hair colour). they react the same way in boring situations and are completely secure in their own bodies. where is the conflict and the humour that comes with it? why isn't rachel storming out on monica after monica starts hanging out with rachel's enemy? why doesn't joey contemplate suicide because nobody seems to take him seriously? oh right, cause he's the dumb one and he's comfortable with that. this is the curse of having perfect characters: lasting conflict and (god forbid) personality becomes an impossibility.the laugh-track is the one thing that should have died out right after it was born. any show that has one is almost certainly the opposite of funny. how can i make such a broad generalization? when a show that claims to be "comedy" requires laughter from someone besides the audience it must mean that the audience would not laugh without it. laughtracks destroy humour by preventing quick comebacks. humour becomes a construct rather than a free flowing entity (see the office, arrested development).this leads to my next point: the humour is boring. there is no way to make a perfect character anything more than slightly humorous (without a laugh-track apparently) simply because our everyday humour comes from recognition of our flaws. so what if monica dated a 17 year old? she immediately recognizes that what she is doing isn't right and breaks up with him. there has to be some sort of conflict rather than an immediate solution. maybe her mother finds out or one of her friends tries to get rid of him and ends up seducing him. that would be great, it would be like a custody battle! so now i've provided evidence for my position. many of my friends love this show because they haven't heard of curb your enthusiasm or arrested development, many of my friends hate this show because they recently started watching curb your enthusiasm or arrested development. i have watched very little of "friends" in my life, but i have watched enough to spot huge flaws that make the show, in my opinion, completely unwatchable. if you've read this far, thank you, and i hope you at least start watching some of the shows i have mentioned.

tv does influence society...just look at the surge in popularity of cappucino shops after this shallow little piece of work debuted. besides, real people who look as good as these people do don't have any problems.besides, does anyone really believe that these people can afford to live in a nice manhattan loft considering what they do for a living? nbc just loves to insult the viewer's intelligence, even if they're just around gump's level. i know a person who makes $100,000 a year as a web designer and lives in a tiny one-bedroom apartment in manhattan that costs $2200 a month in rent. i'd like to see a show called phriends, where it's six ugly nobodies in dead-end jobs, living in a crummy neighborhood where sirens constantly wail and someone gets mugged every week...and then the landlord jacks up the rent. now that i would watch.

i can't even believe that this show lasted as long as it did. i guess it's all part of the dumbing down of america. personally, like david spade said, i liked this show better when it went by its original title - "seinfeld". what bothers me the most about this show, aside from the obvious, base sense of "humor", and general smuttiness, is the pretentious way the episodes are titled. truly great shows are still funny after many, repeated viewings, like, "the one where rob gets accidentally hypnotized", on the "dick van dyke show", or "the one where lucy and ethel work at the candy factory." in other words, it's an honor bestowed upon great programs by the viewers. that the writers and producers of "friends" would have the unmitigated hubris to actually title the episodes, themselves, in such a fashion, before anyone's even had a chance to even see it a second time, speaks to not only the mediocrity and lack of original thinking on the part of said writers, but, also, of the stultified minds of their viewers.you read the comments of some of these people and can only come to the conclusion that they live in a hallmark card-like neverland, full of greeting card sentiment. the true meaning of friendship? i want to be a friend? i want to live in manhattan? wake up. these people are supposed to be working in coffee shops and looking for work as actors, but they somehow manage to live in $4000/mo. apartments? get real. all i have to say to those amongst us that want to move to manhattan and live the idyllic new york life with your rosses and monicas, good luck with all of that. that new york doesn't exist for anyone making less than a serious six-figure income. but, good luck with all of that, anyway. now, shut-up and pass the soma.

and a self-admitted one to boot. at one point the doctor's assistant refers to himself as igor.working with the increasingly plausible idea that computers could be used to replace or reconstruct brain functions, this movie doesn't spend enough time exploring the premise. most of the screen time is split between girlfriend-in-a-coma domestic strife and chasing down the brain donor's killer. it attempts to be a sci-fi/drama/thriller but fails to deliver on any of the three.as a frankenstein remake this one is missing everything that made the original good. nobody calls the doctor insane or even threatens to kick him out of the hospital. the transformation scene consists of a coma victim opening one eye and the amazing computer that makes it happen isn't even shown. when the experiment works there is no praise, and when it starts going wrong there is little reaction.any suspense over who the killer might be is shattered by progressively showing him in the same room with all of the possible suspects. finding the killer is as easy as opening one file and interviewing one person.san francisco as a setting is both overplayed and underused. the opening sequence hammers home the point that this is happening in sf, a cable car plays a significant role, the leads live in a hilltop victorian, pier 39 makes an appearance, and the final showdown happens at golden gate park. more specifically along ten feet of cliff side at the park - just enough to keep the bridge in the picture at all times. once the obvious scenery bases are rounded no other attempt is made to explore the city.the acting is the only saving grace here. keir dullea shows a good range and pulls off a couple of genuinely emotional scenes. suzanna love portrays recovery from a coma well. tony curtis only gets a handful of lines and twice as many evil guy stares with most of the frankenscience explained away by his assistant. the little blond kid hits his cues fairly well also.i also gave it one extra star for the scene where the husband drives south from the bridge, it cuts to a u-turn in an unrelated parking lot, and then he's instantly back on the bridge driving north. it takes a whole lot of something - bravery, ignorance, deadlines - to try and slip that one by the viewer during the one single car chase.

the teasers for tree of palme try to pass it off as a sort of allegory for a fairy tale with actual meaning, then immediately start raving about the animation. i should have known what that meant.the main character, palme, is a good example of the whole movie's problem. one minute, palme is a humble hero in search of himself, the next a violent psycho with an unhealthy fixation on a girl he once took care of.like all of the characters in the movie, palme is poorly defined. you do not bond with the characters at all, although shatta has acquired a couple of fan girls. it seems that the writer was more interested in cramming all the drama and complexity he could into this movie than actually exploring his characters' motivations and personalities.new, useless story lines were being introduced in the last fifteen minutes of the movie. the writer seriously needed to streamline his story. perhaps he was trying to be epic, but it was simply too much information for a two-hour movie. however i can't help but wonder if a plot with so many dimensions and characters would have been better suited for a tv series or graphic novel.in the last five minutes of the movie, i simply could not endure the sheer lack of quality any longer and began laughing at how contrived the characters, the relationships, and the whole plot was. i touched my companion and he started cracking up too, as did a young man seated behind us. we tried so hard to control ourselves, but we simply could not take the terrible quality of this movie.on the bright side, the animation is incredible and viewers will find themselves admiring the lush backgrounds and charming character designs. the animation almost guides you; when you don't care about the characters, it tells you how to feel.

this anime series starts out great: interesting story, exciting events, interesting characters, beautifully rendered and executed. not everything is explained right away, dangling a proverbial carrot before the viewer, enticing the viewer to watch each succeeding episode. but imagine the disappointment to find that the sci-fi thriller/giant robot adventure is only a backdrop for psycho-babble and quasi-religious preachy exploitation. if you want to hear "you're ok. it's good to be you." after being embattled with negative slogans and the characters' negative emotions, then this is for you. if you want a good sci-fi flick that is simply fun to watch, forget this one. both the original, and the alternate endings were grossly disappointing to me. all that, and this movie was too preachy.

the one thing that occurred to me after watching this drivel, was i would never get the time i used to watch this, back again. if you want to see stacey keach and michael dorn try and earn what must have been then, the down payments on a holiday home then stay tuned. wooden acting, poor special effects, the only comedic highlight was whilst our alien hero was in female form and this is over as soon as she has done her obligatory b-movie nude sex scene within 30 mins into the movie. the opportunity to have made what could have been a decent movie disappears the moment nicole eggbert clocks the alien in a bar within 30 seconds, whilst the police, military and joe public don't cotton on that the woman drinking coffee, dosn't use the cup handle and wears four jumpers at once. she must obviously be from another planet. just where i wish i was when this movie was on.

nicole eggert was listed as the star of this, despite micheal dorn & stacey keach being much bigger stars than her.basically this is a bit of a spin on the "alien lands on earth" film. eggert plays the girl who feels sorry for an alien being chased by the military and takes in the runaway creature in her very sexy disguise. a bit of nudity and partial nudity, a pointless sex scene all feature along the way.the film stumbles through a few obvious set-pieces and running jokes about being shown photographs. i quite liked the star trek jokes when micheal dorn had been taken over and he got a really cool death scene.it was fairly obvious that stacey keach was going to be taken over and the film had quite a weak ending, it would have been nice to show exactly what kind of talent the alien passed to eggert.

i've long heard that to get their start in 'legitimate' films, many behind-the-camera types work on porno films.the people who produced and directed this monstrosity stayed too long.poorly paced, staged and written, it uses a lot of perfectly good talent (diehl, dorn, eggert) badly.much sexual activity is teasingly implied here by the brassiere-popping host to the alien creature, but it never crosses the line...you'll still want to shower afterwards, though.

now what's wrong with the actors that took part in that crap? michael dorn should stick to the star treck merchandise. john diehl, does anyone remember him in miami vice? liked him there... well, whatever - what can one expect from a movie with one of the lifeguards from baywatch in the lead? nothing, and that's what we get. none of the characters is even likable, the special effects are hilarious (but not funny). the story is a (very bad) joke. there is no logic whatsoever for what's happening. i got the feeling that the film makers were trying some kind of "attack of the killer tomatoes" kind of thing. especially in the scene where all the important people were discussing national security in some kind of a closet...if you happen to see it on tv, switch channels - your tv set will be ever thankful.

i guess there are some out there that remember nicole eggert from her little girl days on such tv shows as t.j. hooker, charles in charge, and who's the boss? you perverts, you! maybe you remember her from baywatch when she grew up and got breast implants. no matter, you will certainly forget her in this supposed comedy about man-eating aliens.there are so many things that do not make sense and are never explained. how did she recognize the alien? why was the alien hot for paprika and cinnamon? why didn't the alien eat her? you get the picture.before the alien eats her boyfriend and assumes his identity, you get to see her in the body of alex meneses. this mexican/ukranian beauty is the only reason to watch this trash. stay for the shower scene and the boyfriend, and go on about your business.

alien love ( as this movie is known in britain ) is a very strange movie . i don`t mean that it`s an esoteric art house movie in the style of peter greenaway or derek jarman , i mean it`s a tvm with swearing , sex , some really good t&a , a bad script and a very retro feel . you can just imagine someone like john hughes directing this ten years earlier , though of course he would have cut out the t&a going back to the bad script , one of the problems is that few of the characters have any type of motivation especially amanda . why does she pick up connie at the bar ? just so she could meet an alien ? do you see what i mean about retro ? et , short circuit and a whole lot of other movies from the mid 1980s had this type of plot with most of them being more defined and convincing than the one seen here . the storyline continues to follow an ill defined , unconvincing and illogical path that said i did find alien love watchable and not only down to the t&a on display . as a a sci-fi sex comedy it`s much better than flesh gordon and earth girls are easy

there is a uk edition to this show which is rather less extravagant than the us version. the person concerned will get a new kitchen or perhaps bedroom and bathroom and is wonderfully grateful for what they have got. the us version of this show is everything that reality tv shouldn't be. instead of making a few improvements to a house which the occupants could not afford or do themselves the entire house gets rebuilt. i do not know if this show is trying to show what a lousy welfare system exists in the us or if you beg hard enough you will receive. the rather vulgar product placement that takes place, particularly by sears, is also uncalled for. rsther than turning one family in a deprived area into potential millionaires, it would be far better to help the community as a whole where instead of spending the hundreds of thousands of dollars on one home, build something for the whole community ..... perhaps a place where diy and power tools can be borrowed and returned along with building materials so that everyone can benefit should they want to. giving it all to one person can cause enormous resentment among the rest of the local community who still live in the same run down houses.

i can't help but laugh at the people who praise this show as heartwarming and tear-jerking. for one, it's entirely unrealistic that these people will have perfect lives after their new homes.how can these families afford to maintain these new mega-houses? and what about their poor neighbors? property taxes must surely increase after this happens. plus, the noise would annoy me.second, how excessive can a reality television show become? it's practically the same repetitive junk week after week. we're introduced to a suffering family, they renovate the home, then surprise the family and everyone breaks out the kleenex boxes.not to mention how boring the renovation part is. the only interesting part of the show is to see what the house looks like, but even that segment is destroyed by the phony confessionals and constant sobbing."extreme makeover: home edition" is a show pretending to be heartfelt but it falls flat. skip this one. if you like reality television, "survivor" is far superior and moving.

"extreme makeover: home edition" is yet another 'feel-goody', so-called 'heart warming', and out-for-ratings show that abc has had the time to put together.i understand the troubles that these families go through. for that, i am sorry. but wouldn't you think that putting four wide-screen plasma televisions, three flat-screen desktop computers, an inground pool taking up half of a backyard, and closets full of expensive designer clothing is a bit too excessive for any family? sure, these families have been through a lot. sure, they deserve nicer things that what they had previously had.but honestly, the things that ty pennington and his crew put into these houses are enough to suit an entire neighborhood.another thing that really irks me about this show is how ty and his crew always have something good to say about every little thing that relates to the family, or the family's condition. telling a wheelchair-bound person that he or she is 'so strong', or 'very brave' really does get old after a while. that may sound rude, but believe me; watch this show, and you'll see what i mean.all in all, this show is overrated. if you want to watch it, go ahead. this comment is just a heads-up for what you'd be watching.

i occasionally see some of this show because my wife watches it sometimes. i try to enjoy it for it's basic idea which is helping a needy family, but several factors get in the way for me. every episode follows the same format where many parts seem totally scripted (which they are) and tears flow seemingly on cue. the attempt to manipulate the viewer with a mixture of emotional breakdowns and sad music is a real turn off for me. the fact that everyone who donates something to the house, be it sears or whoever, has to plug themselves for being generous is also annoying. probably the biggest problem i have with it all is that what must be huge amounts of money and a small army of workers are combined to build an amazingly over the top home for a single family. now i know that this amount of money is nothing but a drop in the bucket for disney/abc but how much more could be done for more people with the amount they are putting on one house? instead of focusing on one family and getting them all to cry during the episode why not help 10 families and show highlights? isn't life difficult enough for the average person? why do i need help finding things to feel sad about, why not show something truly inspiring without being manipulative? i know what is being done for these families is good, but they are also being used for ratings. you can't tell me they aren't being coached sometimes on the crying. i guess when i see these people moving into a home that most hard working people in the u.s. could not afford for their children it really bothers me. i can't help but think of what could really be done with a small portion of disney's money. instead of giving each member of the family a flat screen tv and or personal shower that tells you the water temperature and shoots out of the ceiling why not help more people afford food, clothes, education and medical insurance? i know so we can be entertained and have a good cry. in terms of money, i feel the same about oprah. i don't think anyone can actually conceive the amount of money she possesses. yes her recent reality show did good things, but when she gave $30,000 to each losing "contestant" i'm sitting here thinking...that's a years salary for many, many people...if they're lucky. don't get me started on game shows. so i realize that extreme makeover home edition is "doing good", but forgive me if i see it as more self serving than giving of itself. is there anyone out there that feels similar?

i used to be an avid viewer until i personally spent long cold hours helping build a home for the white family, only to be sickened to see the house a year later. all of the beautiful rock landscaping has been removed, the gorgeous rock sidewalk and front fountain have been removed, all the pine trees and pecan trees in the front have been cut down, sprinkler system has been ripped out. it now looks like a disaster area. they don't even live there any more... they live "in town" and come out only for the weekend. it sickens me to think of all the hours that the great people of oklahoma donated to these people and to see the result. the story that we all saw on tv wasn't completely the truth... don't believe every thing you see and hear.

awwww....yes, it is heartwarming and all that some unlucky family gets adopted by abc/sears and has their home "renovated." that's where the humanistic appeal ends. i liked it early in its run, but now this show has become disgustingly excessive.ten needy families could be given relatively luxurious homes with lots of goodies for every one family that each episode of this show splurges on. the people at habitat for humanity must be shaking their heads in disbelief. for example, is it necessary for a healthy sixteen year old boy to have a jacuzzi in his bedroom, or have his bed tricked-out with "low rider" hydraulics? does the mom really need her dilapidated, non-running and rusted out old pick-up truck restored and "pimped" by some of the best customizers in california? a new one would have done the job quite nicely, and probably for a third of the price. do people really need a sixty-five inch plasma screen in every room of the house? and then there's the issue of who pays the increased property taxes and utility bills. even after the zaniacs at "makeover" leave, somebody still has earn a living. i doubt the friendly folks down at social services will see the humor in all of this largess.this show is nothing more than a ratings grabber for abc, and a tacit commercial for its sponsors.

this movie was way too slow and predictable.i wish i could say more but i can't.if you enjoy action/adventure films,this is not one to see.i'd suggest you go see movies like;behind enemy lines with owen wilson and iron eagle with louis gossett jr.

this film was bad. bad acting, bad directing, bad writing. but it wasn't bad in a funny way. it was bad in a boring way. i watched "surface to air" because i thought it might be a laugh. it wasn't. don't make the mistake i did. there are plenty of more enjoyable ways to spend an hour and a half such as watching paint dry or reading the dictionary. seriously.

this had to be one of the worst movies i've ever seen and i'm 64 years old and a football fan. i went expecting to see a football movie. about 10 minutes into it, i began to wonder exactly how such a bad movie (particularly the acting) could have gotten into a theater. about half way through, i whispered to my husband that it was awful and he explained to me the facts behind the movie. although i was a little offended (and can see how some could be very offended if they were not christian) at being preached to in a movie theater, it wasn't that big a deal. it was, however, a big deal to be subjected to such predictability and unrealistic behavior and, above all, the quality of the acting. it is an appropriate movie for a church outing but to be shown in a church auditorium and not in a theater. do i go to church? yes. do i want to go to church when i attend a movie? no. would i recommend this movie? absolutely not!!!

i rented this movie today thinking it might be a good football movie, since i'm a big football fan. boy, was i wrong. this movie is way too religious and preachy and is really unrealistic. this movie pretty much says that if your a christian you can get anything you want in life easily, like become a great football player! you don't become a great football player by becoming christian and asking god, you do it through practice and hard work. all you gotta do is ask god and he'll give you anything....puh-lease. thats not true at all, duh. i laughed several times because of this embarrassment. the only part that was funny was when they were being dumb (shultz the cartoonist? no, the dude that flew over the atlantic, etc etc..) but really this movie wasn't that great. i don't recommend it, especially if you aren't a christian, lol.

i want to state first that i am a christian (and that i do work in the film and tv industry) so i understand what it is like to work on a feature length film so props to the filmmakers in that regard. i'm all for positive, uplifting messages if they are true to the nature of life (that this is a fallen world and that things don't always work out ... even for followers of christ). i'm glad that others are having such overwhelmingly positive reactions to the overt christian message; for me it was just that the execution is where the film fell on its face. a movie lives and dies on its story and here you have one dimensional stereotypes, exposition aplenty, and spontaneous changes in character behavior that are inexplicably to say the least. i believe that a film does not have to club you over the head with its message to get the point across. i'm sure the kendrick bros. will improve with time and that their storytelling methods will as well. maybe they could direct someone else's screenplay as their next project.* sports films are not exactly my first love but a good one (hoosiers, field of dreams, etc) can inspire in a multitude of ways. if you would be interested in a pg-rated film that inspires, give steven soderbergh's 'king of the hill' a look. all truth is god's truth ...

i am a christian and i say this movie had terrible acting, unreal situations and a completely facade front for christianity. you might as well watch "remember the titans" and at least not mix christ in a football film like a formulaic steroid for losers. let me make some really pressing comments of what bothered me in this film.1. the school was in georgia and was a white academy school. i did not notice a single black student or player in the school. i deal with the white "christian" academies in the south and they were built for no other reason than to reestablish segregation. this is troubling when the movie is about christianity and christ changing lives...how about changing the hearts of segregation? (note: i loved the token black coach; like it made up for the entirely white team and all the black 'giants' players.) 2. the uncritical acclaim by everyone christian about this movie. can i get a couple people to say that it was bad acting, bad filming, bad writing and in short poor compared to other movies. if we were to compare this to another football movie, would it have the same charisma and energy? 3. the half-baked christianity which was shown made even less sense to me than the unrealistic ending. if christianity is about simply reading a little scripture and praying to begin a complete life change, then don't wonder when no one will listen to what christians have to say. we want to sell christ as a cure-all. he doesn't need sold and he doesn't need to be attached to such whimsical lifestyles. no wonder everyone considers christianity to be anti-intellectual with this unreal presentation.i recognize this film may be inspirational to a few people. to most, it will not be. it will not give a real picture of struggle and heartfelt tension. most importantly to me, it is not christian by any means or stretch. it has values but it falls short as a 'pull-yourself-up-by-the-bootstraps' message as shallow as positive thinking. if you live alongside people who struggle and/or those in third world living conditions, this movie will be hollow as most churches are today in their religion.

this movie isn't about football at all. it's about jesus/god!! it's the same kind of sappy sanctimonious religious drivel you get from those arch idiots who wrestle for jesus, or pump iron for jesus. yeah, jesus was totally buffed, liked contact sports, and definitely owned a full set of dumb bells. duhhh! this movie should have been entitled "hiking for jesus," or something along those lines just to let the general public know that the real intent of this movie is to convert people to christianity, and to pander to those whose brains have already been thoroughly washed in the blood of the lamb. that the title is derived from the bible is made clear when the head coach is reading his bible and asking jesus for help. the recent sports movie "invincible" was 100 times more inspiring than this was, and jesus wasn't even a factor. it was just the desire and determination of an individual with a dream.any broad appeal as an inspirational sports movie is ultimately lost amidst all of the blatant bible thumping and sanctimonious religious propaganda. one gets the impression that the sole message is the only way you can succeed and make positive gain is if you accept jesus as your personal savior. but this is simply not true, and is therefore a lie being perpetuated by those who believe that it is true and want everyone else to believe it. the image of the winning athlete thanking jesus when he wins comes directly to mind. what does he do when he loses? does he curse jesus? of course not! when he loses jesus isn't responsible. jesus is only responsible when he wins. and the logic goes round and round and round, and it ends up exactly where the true believer needs it to be, every time!! i had to hit pause when the scene with the coach receiving a brand new truck came on so i could stop rolling on the floor laughing my ass off and catch my breath. materialism is not what jesus taught. i find it odd that most so called "christians" seem to either forget or ignore this message from their "savior," especially when i see a jesus fish on the back of a huge gas guzzling suv that passes me like i'm standing still.another message this movie implies is that jesus apparently cares more about the win loss record of a mediocre high school football team that he does about the millions of starving children in the world. the final scene where the insecure and unsure kicker boots a 51 yard field goal and it is hyped up as an unbelievably incredible miracle puts the final gag me with a spoon religious red flag on this turkey. i only gave it three stars because the guy who played the black coach could actually act.

this isn't a film, it's a 111-minute evangelical christian sermon draped over red state america's #1 sport, high school football. another of the long, earnest messages to the converted who are then presumed to be fired up enough by the spirit to go abroad and convert their unsaved neighbours.dialogue like "you won the big one when you accepted christ" loses any possible camp appeal by the disturbing intensity in director/coach alex kendrick's sunken black eyes. then there are the "parables".two farmers prayed for rain but only one prepared his field to receive it. which one do you think god blessed? this rhetorical question is meant to foreshadow the miraculous climax, in the course of which coach asks his trepidous back-up kicker, "son, do you think god could help you make that kick?" it's the kind of entertainment we could have expected would receive faith-based funding ad infinitum, if only the evangelical christian bush administration's hegemonic pursuits around the world had convinced us all to become "devout" after their example. behold that poor giants coach in the apocalyptic finale, urging his team on crying "who's with me!" while the devout eagles on the other side were quietly going about doing the lord's work.so, do you think our terrified back-up makes his kick to vanquish those self-centrist goliaths? well, we all know zealots can't lose. put it this way: transfer the playing ground to the deserts of the middle east, replace the christian proselytizing, and this virulent nonsense can easily be repackaged as a taliban-vs-superpower parable, which the devout worshippers of this garbage might want to think about a minute.luckily they won't care, nor need to: like coach tells his team of earnest empty vessels pregame, the answers are all right here in this book. and the christian right will devour this on their way to their rapture, that final victory they have prepared their fields for.

i went into this movie thinking that it would be a neat football drama (in the same vein as remember the titans); however, i came away feeling like i had just attended a ted haggard sermon about the rapture. the only thing that was missing was the request for a tithe at the end of the movie. actually, one would probably get more out of a televangelist sermon than this poor excuse for entertainment. at least with the televangelist sermon, there are quotes from the scripture rather than quotes from popularist self-help pulp. the plot was entirely too predictable to the point that anyone with a long-enough attention span could have laid out the entire plot within the first 15 minutes of the movie.

i've been scolded and scorned by fellow christians for stating my disappointment with this movie. i get hounded by statements like these: "i can't believe you didn't like it! it was made totally by christians!" "everyone donated their time and no one was paid for the movie! it was made by a church and not hollywood. we should spend our money on movies like this! they only used $100,000 to make the film." "this is by a real church and christian school in georgia! a preacher wrote and directed it." so, apparently, the reason i should love this movie is simply because of the way it was made and the minimum amount of money used to make it and that is was made by christians. that is all that is needed for me to love the movie.look, i got the movie without knowing anything about the background of the film. i had never heard of it and had no idea - other than football - what it was about. i watched it like i watch any other movie and was disappointed. i was disappointed in the lousy editing and lame script. i was very disappointed on the resolution after the climax. don't worry. there have been other cheap movies and other expensively made movies that have earned less respect from me. it isn't about the making of the movie. it is the end product.the writer acknowledges that god doesn't say "yes" to everything we pray for in the way we want, but he wanted to show by having faith, god changes our lives. that is true. however, god can change our lives and we're still infertile. god can change our lives and we don't get a raise from our job. god can change our lives and our car is still an old jalopy. god can change our lives and our house is still stinky. why didn't he portray that in the movie? others voiced their concern to the writer/director over the matter, but apparently, he was defensive.i did not think the acting was horrible nor many of the landscape shots. i like the idea of going to god and recognizing his awesome power and our weakness.the writing and directing were very weak. it is easy to distinguish this because many of the characters have no development. all we really get from the coach's wife is she is not pregnant (well, until the end of the movie). it seems as if there was only ball player that had the potential to have an interesting character and that was chopped to bits into "i have a cripple father and i can't play football well, but i'll kick the winning field goal even though i've never kicked a real field goal before." another problem was the christian school itself. umm, i have worked for two christian schools, went to one myself, and have had many nieces and nephews in other christian schools. all in all, i've had some pretty close connections with about ten different ones. none of the problems that i have seen in all of these schools were addressed. i saw this as totally surreal in the movie about their school and wished they had shown the human factor. it would have been nice to see a dose of reality and how god can work.i will close by stating that every work - either written or drawn or played on an instrument - shares the artist's world view. the world view that was shown to me in this movie consists of "people who pray the right way win ball games, get new cars, conceive when they couldn't, get a raise, and get their house fixed - all within a short time span." i know. i should love the movie simply due to the sincerity of the people who made it. i think i should love the movie because it was well done and for no other reason.

it's interesting how 90% of the high-vote reviews are all comprised of "*random username*" from "united states" (no state pride??) who all say more or less the exact same thing with the exact same grammatical style and all with the exact same complete lack of taste in movies. i would delve further into this suspicious trend, but alas, this is a review of the movie, and not the reviews themselves.let me start by saying that i am both a christian and a true avid movie fan. this means i have seen a great many movies, from good to bad, and can wholeheartedly claim that facing the giants is, in fact, not a good movie. it has good intentions, but fails to meet many (if any) basic standards that i associate with a quality filmgoing experience.the acting: mostly terrible, palatable at best. hearing that most were apparently volunteers does not at all surprise me.the dialogue: clumsy, cheesy, the script comes off as a long version of some cheesy skit you'd see performed in sunday school or youth group function. the rave review robots revel in the absence of "meaningless words", but the cold hard truth is that such words are a part of the real world, and the complete absence of it is palpable. let's just say the mean ol' head coach of a team in a state championship game would have a lot more to say than "oh no!" when things are not going his way.the plot: mind-bogglingly predictable. it has been commented that this movie is "not a hollywood cliché", and yet it's like it was pulled directly from making an underdog sports movie for dummies (including the mandatory quasi-romantic subplot for the ladies) and just had a christian-themed coat of paint slapped on it. i'm not lying or bragging when i say i had almost every major detail in both the plot and subplot pegged immediately upon their inception. only someone who has never seen a decent sports movie in their whole life would be emotionally stirred by the story presented here.the directing/editing: it, too, was patterned almost exactly after the generic underdog sports movie template. still, acting aside, there weren't many noticeable goofs, so at least facing the giants was technically competent.the message: ask jesus and he will grant all your wishes. part of me hoped that this movie would end in the team's eventual defeat to really emphasize the whole "if we lose, we praise you" part, because in the real world, you will fail at one point or another and it's good to be prepared for that. but in the world of facing the giants, if you fail, clearly someone either screwed up or is cheating. another interesting question being, what if the eagles came across another team that had gotten religion? would they be caught in an endless loop of miraculous plays and last-minute saves, or would the universe simply have exploded? the bottom line: for the hardcore conservative christian parents crowd lamenting the evils of hollywood, facing the giants will be another mediocre-at-best christian film to hold up on a pedestal as the preferred model for modern film-making. for everyone else, the effects will range from boredom to a burning desire to be watching something else. and a warning: any attempt to show this to non-christians will lead not to conversion, but to derision. i give this two stars, one for the one scene that did not have me rolling my eyes, and another for basic technical proficiency on a low budget.

i watched this film in youth group, where my otherwise intuitive youth leader and his wife squeed over it. then some adult couple at a church-related christmas party misled themselves into giving a copy of this movie to every single family in attendance, and now my household is stuck with the film (though it thankfully still remains in its shrinkwrap). i cried bitter tears over these sad events, and here's why: first off: this film has good intentions, especially if you're a christian like me. this movie is trying to show that you should put your faith in god and that it'll make your life better. not so bad, right? eh. it turns out a be a problem--a big one. this movie was made by a church, so of course every single issue has to be dealt with as tastefully for christians as possible. it is all black-and-white, no gray areas. god's grace and will in this movie is a predictable thing, and it comes instantly to all those who do his bidding.this is not the god i know. this is not the christian life i am familiar with. the god i believe in is a powerful and trustworthy god, but he is not one that grants my every wish. i follow him as best i can, though the going is often hard; yet the football team in this movie finds their humility and self-control a lot easier than anyone should ever find it. i cannot relate to cardboard cutouts who flip from bad-side to good-side in the course of a few structured movie scenes. and when i do follow his commandments as laid out in the bible, i certainly don't find myself showered in blessing as these characters do. the largest of my immediate rewards is knowing that i have done the right thing; everything else comes with long, messy, arduous work.but take the example this movie sets: grant taylor coaches the football team at shiloh christian school, which has had 6 losing seasons in a row. he may lose his job over it, and he and his wife are low on money as it is. they want a baby, but the doctor tells him he is sterile. oh, and his car doesn't work. and the boys on his football team are disrespectful to their parents, whiny after their million losses, and bad at kicking field goals. this is sure one rundown community here.but wait, grant taylor decides he's going to trust in god for everything! and he passes on his faith to his team. so far, so good. not for long. as they begin to obey, blessing literally pour in on them. suddenly the students stop disrespecting their parents; the school has a big "revival"; the team starts winning every game; they even win the grand championship against the hardest team in the league! coach taylor's job is reassured; the school gets him a shiny new truck as a present (which, by the way, is the epitome of shallow, fair-weather employers); he gets a raise; his wife (get this) even gets pregnant from his sterile sperm! and that skinny kid manages to kick his first darn field goal right when it really matters!! wowzers, woot, yay, praise the lord, etcetera, etcetera!!! ...yipe. just yipe. nobody in my church has ever experienced christ in a such a cut-and-dry manner. yes, there have been miracles aplenty in my family, as well as gifts and creature comforts, and i attribute them to god's grace and lovingkindness. but god isn't some faucet tap that you turn on and off by being good or bad! he is by and large a mystery; his gifts come unexpectedly, often when you think you don't need them but you really do. it's a long, hard slog to the road of fulfillment, and things never turn out the way you thought they would.this movie has good intentions. but because of its supreme shallowness and total escapism, it tanks tremendously to a 1/10. the bad acting and sports movie clichés seem to be mere pimples next to the leprous falsehoods that this movie inadvertently pushes.to all you future churches planning to make a movie: don't be afraid to show real life, even you have to add some inconvenient truths into the mix. however much the baser populace is wowed by this cotton candy treat, nobody has learned anything substantial from it. give us the meat, the bones, the real stuff! true life applies to everyone, not just christians, and that's one aspect "facing the giants" didn't manage to grasp.

as a youth pastor i heard good things about this movie. then i watched it. the acting wasn't the best. that's forgivable. it's the message that's not: give jesus your life and everything will change - you'll tackle better, make amazing catches, stop fumbling, start making touchdown passes, and even make the playoffs. all because jesus magically turns horrible undersized weaklings into all-american athletes. i laughed out loud when a coach quoted scripture to explain to the kicker why he was missing field goals. but wait, that's not all. you'll get a brand new truck, a $6000 raise, and you and your wife's struggle with infertility will suddenly end in pregnancy - twice. then you'll win the state championship because god helps a weakling kick the winning field goal 12 yards further than he's ever kicked before - and into the wind, no less - all because "god wanted him to make it." then you'll win the state championship again the next year. none of this good stuff would have happened if the team hadn't chosen to follow jesus will all their hearts.here's what i took away from the movie: god can do anything he wants to do whenever he wants to do it - and it's all about making our lives better, easier, and more enjoyable. he chooses his favorite team and helps them win games. which bible is this story based on? i'll bet saint stephen wished he'd known the keys to such a safe life before he was stoned to death. someone should have made this movie before 10 of the 11 apostles were killed for following jesus. it would have saved them all a lot of trouble.

i rented this movie because i hoped it would be one the whole family would enjoy. although the movie is family friendly, my family did not enjoy it because it gives a false view of god. if you obey god and follow him, you are not guaranteed success. your football team won't always win. you won't magically get better grades. infertility isn't always cured. you won't always get a raise. sometimes, you'll be stuck with the old car.god does not exist to meet our every whim. rather, we were created to glorify him. sometimes we glorify him most when things seem to be going bad for us. to live is christ; to die is gain.

this film had no huge stars in it, but did have a very good cast filled with excellent supporting actors and gene tierney before she became a big star. with george sanders, reginald gardner, harry carey, bruce cabot, jospeh calleia and cederic hardwicke, you'd expect more from the film than it actually delivered. most of this, i suspect, is because of a second-rate script, as director henry hathaway was a competent and well-established man at the helm.the film is set in east africa during wwii--just before the americans entered the war. the brits are trying to control their african colonies while subversive nazi elements are trying to stir up trouble among the locals. one of the white men in the film is a double-dealer--working for the destruction of the british empire! but, lovely tierney, playing a sultan's daughter(!), is out to help save the day for good ol' britain.american film makers have long sided with the empire and the 1930s and 40s saw a plethora of pro-empire films. nowadays, with changed sensibilities, the notion of seeing the happy black natives dying for queen and country seems ridiculous--and it would be hard to root for either side! still, in its day, this propaganda piece was effective in drumming up support for the british--though when seen today, the film suffers from a long-winded script and silly casting. the one bright moment in the film is the final showdown between george sanders and the enemy agent. too bad after such a potent scene the film just seemed to talk and talk--losing some of its punch.

this early b entry into the patriotic category slapped a gorgeous young gene tierney on the ads and posters, but you have to wait a good time before you glimpse her, riding in a hollywoodized camel train. previously, we've set up george sanders and bruce cabot in the desert as guys who barely get along, but must rally in the face of attack. i've seen sanders as so many enjoyable cads that it was fun to witness a rare good guy turn. however, bruce cabot's allure is pretty much a mystery to me - he's base and unsubtle in comparison, but i've always felt he'd just emerged, smiling, from under a car, covered in grease and a sixth grade education. some people like 'em that way, as did gene's gypsy queen character. this is an action adventure filler, tho, and just as we've been warned of invading locals with guns, ready to sabotage and attack the brits in their land, there is a final gun battle in which we must lose a main character for the good of all. this feature requires nothing more than your barest attention on a saturday afternoon, a programmer that made whatever else it was paired with better. it was almost more interesting identifying the great supporting cast and a surprise appearance by dorothy dandridge in one of her first roles. a two or two and a half stars out of five.-mdm

i don't understand the positive comments made about this film. it is cheap and nasty on all levels and i cannot understand how it ever got made.cartoon characters abound - sue's foul-mouthed, alcoholic, layabout, irish father being a prime example. none of the characters are remotely sympathetic - except, briefly, for sue's asian boyfriend but even he then turns out to be capable of domestic violence! as desperately unattractive as they both are, i've no idea why either rita and/or sue would throw themselves at a consummate creep like bob - but given that they do, why should i be expected to care what happens to them? so many reviews keep carping on about how "realistic" it is. if that is true, it is a sad reflection on society but no reason to put it on film.i didn't like the film at all.

i saw the 7.5 imdb rating on this movie and on the basis of that decided to watch this movie which my roommate had rented. she said she had seen it before. "it's funny and sad! i cried the first time i saw it," she gushed. maybe compared to other bollywood movies this deserves a 7.5 out of 10, but in comparison to all the other movies i have seen in my lifetime, this deserves no more than a 3. any movie where i can perpetually guess what is going to happen next is no good for me. the characters are unbelievable, how the act is not realistic at all and their motives are contrived. it is over dramatic and the songs aren't all that great. my biggest problem with bollywood movies is the lack of subtlety. all the emotions are way too overdone and thus not at all realistic. any emotion or bond between characters that is the least bit subtle must be magnified with an unnecessary song. i think i understood that the relationship between the father and son was more like one between friends than one between a parent and child without having to have it conveyed via a five minute long song. the stupid comic relief complete with laugh track was not funny or necessary (we get it, laxman isn't the sharpest tool in the shed). if a movie tries to elicit tears through the most hackneyed means possible it just isn't meaningful, just a bit embarrassing.*****spoiler*****generally if someone has terminal stage lung cancer their son who lives with them would know something was wrong without having to be told. too many plot holes to count. at first the movie was amusing and cute in the way bollywood movies are to people who don't watch them that avidly but it just got tedious. it takes a lot of skill to make a movie that is amusing and heartwrenching and the best way to do it is usually not having all the amusing parts in the first half of the movie and all the heartwrenching parts at the end.*****spoiler over***** perhaps it had a very little more depth than other bollywood movies that i have seen, but not much at all. i spent more time laughing at the stupidity of the movie than the parts that were supposed to be funny. i didn't shed a single tear nor did i feel like it, rather i was overwhelmed with a feeling of disgust at the attempt at a dramatic ending. i don't recommend this movie if you want to watch something good, i recommend it if you want to watch a bollywood movie that is kind of sad.

i cannot believe that the indian film industry still puts out such third-rate dross as waqt. for starters, the storyline is totally implausible  spoilt son gets thrown out of family home so as to teach him some self-sufficiency. so what does he do? he promptly goes on to win some national talent contest by doing some star jumps in front of a panel of judges (i honestly am not joking here). in the meantime, his dad is dying of lung cancer, but keeps it a secret from the son, but he survives long enough to see his son become famous, to see his new grandson and also make a new toy giraffe with his own hands.the acting is cringe worthy in its hamminess  no effort was made to try and act in any convincing manner by any of the main players in this film. as usual for indian films, the family lived in a huge mansion and seemed relatively untouched by the concerns of the real world.to be honest, the main losers when such dire films are made are the intelligent viewers who made the mistake of seeing such a film. the actors, such as amitabh bachchan and akshay kumar, will still be revered as gods by those people who have nothing but blind faith in bollywood.

after the superb aankhen(2002) which was a remake of a gujarati play he comes with waqt which too looks like a stage playin stage plays, we have characters shouting, overacting here too the samethe first half shows amitabh almost kidding the 40+ akshay kumar who acts too funny like a small nerdthe film has a good message how not to spoil your son but sadly the way amitabh wants to make akki responsible is absolutely fakeeven his reason for hiding his sickness, his runnign from the hospital and the melodramatic speech by akki is a put offsome emotions do touch you but most are too over the toprajpal's comedy is hilarious but too stretched in second half direction by vipul shah is too overdone though some scenes are good music is okayamongst actors amitabh overdoes it in the first half but is superb in emotional scenes akshay kumar too does his part well but looks umcomfortable in some too weepy scenes his chemistry with bachchan is matchless rajpal is a highlight, he makes you laugh without overacting and just his presence and his dumb behaviour and deadpan humour he is a riot boman is good in some comic parts but too loud at places priyanka is the heroine so nothing to do, this is her last film with akki so far shefali is awesome though she looks too young for bachchan

i've been going through the afi's list of the top 100 comedies, and i must say that this is truly one of the worst. not just of the 90 movies on the list i've seen, but of any movie i've ever seen. drunks are funny sometimes, dudley isn't. liza almost made it worthwhile, but alas... just go watch arrested development if you want to see her in something good. seriously, dudley laughing and drinking is supposed to be funny? i would highly recommend almost any other movie on the afi's top 100 comedies for more laughs than this. if you want to see a funnier "drunk", try the thin man. funnier movie in general, any marx brothers movie will kill (especially if you're as drunk as arthur).

i sat through almost one episode of this series and just couldn't take anymore. it felt as though i'd watched dozens of episodes already, and then it hit me.....there's nothing new here! i've heard that joke on seinfeld, i saw someone fall like that on friends, an episode of happy days had almost the same storyline, ect. none of the actors are interesting here either! some were good on other shows (not here), and others are new to a profession they should have never entered. avoid this stinker!

after eagerly waiting to the end, i have to say i wish i wouldn't have joined the whole series at the first place. the final episode was everything against the previous seven years. it has ruined everything. the journey was 23 years, but captain janeway has the power to reduce it... let say, seven years only. why seven? why not just one? or nothing? why not avoid the whole adventure? crewmemebers were dying all along the journey. why she wants to save seven of nine only? the others don't count or what? the most ridiculous part when the crew states that getting home is not really the most important thing to them. as the say, "journey is more important than the destination". unbelievable. and at the finale scene the are surrounded by other federation ships and the earth is in sight. nothing about landing, returning to the normal life.worst ending ever.

this film is awful. the screenplay is bad, the is script mediocre, and even the sex scenes are worthless. the thrill and intrigue of the original film are completely lacking. this movie was shot in a dark, shadowy and monochromatic style (a la "war of the worlds"), which is so disappointing after the beauty of the original film. greg morrisey's brooding character displays one facial expression throughout the film. the twists and turns of the original plot are woefully lacking here; the few that do exist are simply anticlimactic. the only highlight is sharon stone's performance as catherine tramell, faithfully continued in this sequel, but it isn't enough to make up for the other shortcomings. the only circumstance under which a "basic instinct 3" should be made would be if michael douglas agrees to join the cast.

the film is pretty confusing and ludicrous. the plot is awful...but on the plus side the acting is pretty good, with a few good shouts and rants. sharon stone is ok this time...not even half as good as the original mind you. the murders aren't as gory as the first one either, which is a shame. its not the unpredictable mess everyone say it is though. the sex is pretty graphic at times while others it is clear it is fake (they are fully clothed). the script is weak most of the time, but the scenes with banter and arguments between dr.glass and washburn are highlights. the plot twists a few times, but the ending is awful. the tension is always constant with a huge dollop of 'oh my god!'. the chase sequences are brilliantly directed, and shots and camera angles are impressive and bring a bit of class to an otherwise, rush-felt film. sharon stone is a bit old for this too. the bits where we see her breasts were, in the first one, delights. this time around, they are too horrid to describe. the films its self is rather average, but it is worth a go. mainly because the film does deserve some good buzz...with the opening sequence being a highlight. not to be critical, but if you liked the first one - leave this one. don't ruin the run. you'll be glad you left this stone unturned.

in my book "basic instinct" was a perfect film. it had outstanding acting on the parts of stone, douglas and all the supporting actors to the tiniest role. it had marvelous photography, music and the noirest noir script ever. all of it adding up to a film that is as good as it will ever get!this sequel is the exact opposite, it cannot possibly get worse, bad acting and a lame script, combined with totally inept direction, this is really bad, boring, annoying. the only thing that somewhat keeps you concentrated is the relatively short wait for the next scene that is an exact re-enacted copy of the original. these copies are so bad they make you laugh and i laughed a lot in spite of myself, because it was like watching the demolishing of a shining monument. the only thing that is good in this horrible mess are the excerpts of the jerry goldsmith score of bi1. michael caton-jones and the half-wit responsible for the script even included the "there is no smoking in this room" dialog in the interrogation scene and yes she sends her attorney (who is now a solicitor) away! i am sorry i have seen this awful film that should have never been made! it does damage to the original, so bad is it. the only redeeming value is the realization that cosmetic surgery (and i am sure ms stone afforded the best surgeon money can buy) can do a good job but can obviously not restore the perfection of the original. and what concerns the human body applies to film-making, too. there should be a law: don't ever make a sequel to a perfect film!

it's hard to believe, after waiting 14 years, we wind up with this piece of cinematic garbage. the original was a high impact, dark thriller that achieved "cult" status demonstrating the fine art of cinema as directed by paul verhoeven. this film adds nothing, delivers nothing, and ultimately winds up in the big box of failed sequels.the opening sequence could have triggered an intriguing set of plot developments using a considerably talented and able cast. unfortunately we are treated to a 90 minute dissertation in the self-indulgent life of catherine tramell... or is it sharon stone. possibly a copulation of both.if the desire is too see a continuation of the sensually provocative stying of sex as in "b.s.1", forget it. you wind up with soft-porn boredom which ultimately upholds the old adage that a woman can be more alluring in clothes than out of them. it's interesting to note that the wonderful charlotte rampling was romping around in her skivvies, via the 1966 georgy girl, when ms. stone was only 8 years old. a very talented actress and quite adept at holding her own even here.if you're a true cinema fan then you must see this film and judge it using your own rating system. if not, you might as well wait for the dvd release in the "rated" version, "unrated" version, "collectors" edition, or "ultimate" version, and perhaps in another 14 years we will be saturated with news of "basic instinct 3" at which point ms. stone will be 62 years old and nobody will really care.

it's been about 14 years since sharon stone awarded viewers a leg-crossing that twisted many people's minds. and now, god knows why, she's in the game again. "basic instinct 2" is the sequel to the smash-hit erotica "basic instinct" featuring a sexy stone and a vulnerable michael douglas. however, fans of the original might not even get close to this one, since "instinct 2" is painful film-making, as the mediocre director michael caton-jones assassinates the legacy of the first film.the plot of the movie starts when a car explosion breaks in right at the beginning. catherine tramell (sharon stone, trying to look forcefully sexy) is a suspect and appears to be involved in the murder. a psychiatrist (a horrible david morrisey) is appointed to examine her, but eventually falls for an intimate game of seduction.and there it is, without no further explanations, the basic force that moves this "instinct". nothing much is explained and we have to sit through a sleazy, c-class erotic film. sharon stone stars in her first role where she is most of the time a turn-off. part of it because of the amateurish writing, the careless direction, and terrifyingly low chemistry. the movie is full of vulgar dialogues and even more sexuality (a menage a trois scene was cut off so that this wouldn't be rated nc-17) than the first entrance in the series. "instinct" is a compelling torture.to top it off, everything that made the original film a guilty pleasure is not found anywhere in the film. the acting here is really bad. sharon stone has some highlights, but here, she gets extremely obnoxious. david morrisey stars in the worst role of his life, and seems to never make more than two expressions in the movie- confused and aroused. "instinct 2" is a horrible way to continue an otherwise original series, that managed to put in thriller with erotica extremely well. paul verhoeven, how i miss you...."basic instinct 2" never sounded like a good movie, and, indeed, it isn't. some films should never get out of paper, and that is the feeling you get after watching this. now, it is much easier to understand why douglas and david cronenberg dropped out, and why sharon stone was expecting a huge paycheck for this......-----3/10

i saw this film at the london premiere, and i have to say - i didn't expect much, but i did expect something that was at least mildly entertaining.the original "basic instinct" was no great film and is still something of a "smut classic" but it was entertaining. i can recall countless times flipping through channels on tv on a late friday or saturday night having come across the movie and finding myself beginning to actually pay attention to it.however, this lame-brain, waaay-belated sequel has nothing. is sharon stone still gorgeous? well, let's put it this way -- for a 47-year-old, she's pretty hot. is she as beautiful as she was in the original? no. she also has clearly had plastic surgery on her face, and her haircut in this movie is somewhat unappealing. she doesn't look as soft or genuine or innocent as she did in the original -- which is sort of the whole point of being an evil seductress, and whatnot.the rest of the performances range from bad to terrible -- and michael caton-jones (a typically safe director -- one who doesn't always do great work but manages to make worthwhile movies) has officially delivered his first true turkey; a movie so bad people were laughing at certain moments that were intended to be serious.i hear the film went through multiple editing sessions, and it's very clear from the start. nothing makes much sense. the whole plot is a cosmic mess and the ending -- oh my! talk about stupid and unbelievable. (still predictable, though.) i saw "gigli," i saw "son of the mask" -- and although i'm not looking to "smear" this film, i can say with my own authority (which you don't have to agree with at all, mind you) that i prefer both those films over this catastrophic failure.by the way, stone left five minutes before the movie began and people in the theater began throwing things at the screen during a particularly outrageous and insulting scene inside an orgy-type nightclub."basic instinct 2" -- basically, it stinks, too.

it's not like i have overwhelmingly fond memories of verhoeven's original pants-down shocker - it always struck me as a glossy, well-made airport-novel-of-a-movie. thrilling, sexy trash, but trash nonetheless. it was also a film that tapped into a certain sexual zeitgeist. after a decade of anti-sex aids-induced hysteria, a film about a wildly-sexual hotbod who thrill-kills to heighten her sexual pleasure was pretty enticing stuff. basic instinct 2 was always going to struggle to provide the same social relevance and immediacy, so the fact that it's desperate attempts at raunchiness are so lame can sort-of be overlooked. all it really had to provide was that thin veneer of titillation and a mildly engaging story and all would have been watchable. that it resoundingly fails on so many levels, and in such a way to be a career nadir for everyone involved, is really quite extraordinary to watch. let's state the obvious for starters - sharon stone is too old for the part of sexual magnet catherine trammell. what was so photogenic thru verhoeven's lens looks like mutton dressed as lamb in the hands of gun-for-hire michael caton-jones, who's flat, drab colours and static camera render her undeniable beauty totally moot. i like sharon stone a lot, but if the first film launched her career, bi2 could kill it. she has no chemistry with stuffed-shirt david morrissey - their only sex scene is embarrassing too watch. his dough-faced mamma's boy of a character made me yearn for the swaggering, orange-skin machismo of michael douglas. supporting turns by david thewlis and charlotte rampling waste these fine actors on talky exposition scenes and cliché-heavy posturing. and what of the much-touted sexual shenanigans? poorly-lit, fleetingly-glimpsed, as utterly mainstream as an episode of desperate housewives - the european sensibilities that verhoeven brought to the sexual content of the first film are sorely missed. don't watch this film for carnal thrills - there are none and what there is is tragic. the film is, as a whole, convoluted to the point of utter confusion, boring and laughable. the last 40 minutes in particular, where you come to the realisation that the film is, in fact, not going to go anywhere of interest at all, are particularly gruelling and hilarious in equal measure. as a failed sequel, basic instinct 2 will come to occupy similar cinematic ground as exorcist 2 the heretic, beyond the poseidon adventure and xxx2. as a vanity project, it rivals battlefield earth in its misconception. as a multi-million dollar piece of hollywood film-making, it's a travesty that will be hard to top as the years worst.

well, i saw this movie yesterday and it's - unfortunately - worse than you could think. first of all the plot is idiotic, it has no sense at all. the screenplay is full of intentionally funny dialogues. the audience was laughing many times. and the suspense is very low. actors play so-so, with an exception of sharon stone, who has some good moments but also some awfully bad acting moments. the saddest parts are when she tries to be aggressively sexy and says things like "i want to *beep* you " and it looks like, let's say it gently, a very very mature woman acting rude and not sexy at all. that erotic tension from bi1 is totally gone. from the technical point of basic instinct 2 is a mediocre movie - better than typical straight to dvd, but on a far lower lever than the original movie. for instance the scene of crazy joyride is done poorly. the director of basic instinct 2 is no paul verhoeven and it shows. the new composer is no jerry goldsmith and its shows. the script is done by people who are no match for joe eszterhas. there's no substitute for michael douglas in it. the film looks cheap and badly edited at times. i'm sorry but my first thought after i left the theater was: "why heaven't they made this movie earlier and with original talents behind the success of the first movie?" all to all the original movie is like citizen kane compared to this. the first basic instinct is a classic and was a kind of break-thru in the popular cinema. it was provoking, sexy and controversial. it had the best sharon stone's performance in her career. it had this specific paul verhoeven's style. unfortunately basic instinct 2 is a unintentionally funny movie, badly directed and a sure razzie award winner in many categories. it's a pity that they made this film.

i like musicals but as a dickens fan i hate this one. **mild spoilers** starving boys who have enough energy to sing and dance in the workhouse? the poor of london coming out to sing? fagin and dodger walking off into the sunset? not exactly faithful to the novel. as i recall, dodger was publicly hanged and fagin went crazy in prison. **end of spoilers**oliver reed is very weak as sykes, doing little more than growling to indicate his evil. worst however, is mark lester as oliver, who often comes across so awkward and passive you wonder if he's really the main character. his portrayal is in no way helped by the fact that the best they could do when he sings is dub in the voice of a girl. guess they didn't realize that boy trebles can be found in almost every church in england.self-respecting dickens fans: stick to david lean's amazing 1948 film or the bbc 6-hour adaptation from the mid-80's. avoid this bloated whitewash of a musical.

must every good story be "improved" with added corny broadway music? apparently those who can't come up with their own plots think that classic literature is just there for the plundering. i confess that oliver twist and similar stories are not my favorites, as it is certainly true that dickens often wrote things that leave you considerably bummed out, and this was a great example of just that... so of course, take this serious tale and add nauseating music and camp it up with every character from prancing orphan boys to mincing bobbies and suddenly it's uplifting? argh. fetch me a basin.the four stars in my rating come from casting, which i could liken to that of my fair lady. each of these films had a cast that a play version could be proud of, but then they must go and have them sing (see complaint above). unlike my fair lady, those singing here could actually do so and they mercifully spared us the singing voice of oliver reed (pardon if i'm mistaken, it's been a while).my biggest complaint i've stated. why embarrass everyone except the truly shameless by putting silly songs into a perfectly good story? seldom has this been done to good effect. generally it ruins the story. it did with this one. jury's still out on whether this story is worth saving, but with all that gadding about, it's impossible to tell.

the producers made a big mistake casting mark lester, who couldn't act or sing, in the title role. aside from his very bad "acting", all of lester's singing had to be dubbed by a girl. i don't know why they cast him at all, since there would have been so many boys who could have played the part infinitely better and done their own singing as well. shani wallis was far too old to play nancy, who was only supposed to be 16. the current west end version is so much better than the movie in every way. ross mccormack is the best artful dodger of all time and he is certainly far better looking than jack wild ever was. it was clearly political to award this old-fashioned musical so many oscars after the tumultuous events of 1968.

the same difficulty i have with the musical version of "les miserables" applies equally to "oliver." instead of the composers' writing in the stylistic period of the play settings, they merely wrote broadway-type melodies, which were historically unidiomatic and stylistically skewed.too, the blatant brutality and unsavory activities of the dramaturgy do not mix well with some of the sunny ditties which permeate the score. it's a uncomfortable mixture that leaves a decidedly sour undertaste.the casting of the boy oliver doesn't help matters: tentative of timbre and vexingly precious, there's something less than solid here. fagin performs his traditional routine adequately, though the tunes he's obliged to sing have little basis in period manner."as long as he needs me" is given a strident rendition, throaty and strained. the two big production numbers, "who will buy" and "consider yourself" seem over-produced, with everything but the kitchen sink thrown in. it's one thing to go all out, yet another to cross over the line into excess. the gloom, despair and depravity of much of the novel does not seem to lend itself to such ditties and choreography. while the novel is considered a classic, i must confess i have trouble with mr. dickens' consciousness, in that his works tend to emit a negative vibration. this may be due to the extension of his joyless personal life, which was full of disappointment and regret. not all the combined talent of this production, either on- or behind camera, can overcome the unconstructive nature of the basic material. all this results in an uncomfortably downer experience for me.

this movie was very very mediocre and very very gory. everyone left their acting lessons at home and totally forgot how to act i mean it was so bad and had no real plot and kindergarteners could have written a better story plot wait what story plot. not at all scary!

this movie is one of the most awful movies ever made.how can jon bon jovi play in a movie? he is a singer not an actor, what?is he killing vampires with his guitar? and what about the dreadful plot? o my god this movie really sucks. in the end is the queen of vampires played by the eternal vampire arly jover (blade) surrounded by an army of vampires, but when the "fantastic" slayers arrive only 4 vampires are left!! what happened with the other 10-15 vampires? they run out in the sun??? and what about the "grand finally" when bon jovi blows her head with a shotgun??? that's really a "not" . in "buffy the vampire slayer" in 100 episodes not a single vampire is killed with a shotgun??? this really is a lack of originality!

this "debuted" today on the scifi channel and all i can say is "i am speechless" i taped it today so i could watch it tonight after work. i had high hopes, now i am tearing apart the closets looking for a length of rope so i can hang myself. possibly the worst movie i have ever seen. i wish i could say something nice like "it was fun to make fun of this movie" but this movie is giving me nothing to work with. i know you are not supposed to post spoilers here with out prior warning but i am going to anyway "this movie sucks" there i said it! they should show this flick to film students to show them what not to do! my nine year old niece could make a better film. the only decent thing about this film is the sound and/or sound track. oh! i just found a rusty c-clamp in my old tool box. i am going to put it on the thumb of my left hand and tighten it until the pain erases the memory of what my eyes have seen. i could just tape over this vhs but i think i will burn it in the fire pit instead. i could wash with soap but i fear i will never be clean again. christmas is coming. buy this movie and give it to people you hate. -mike

spoiler below, but read on or you'll never know the horrible fate that awaits all planing to rent "rodentz".on a moonlit night, in a remote research laboratory, a major medical breakthrough is about to have deadly results. a chemical compound that was created to "hunt and destroy" deadly cancer cells has leaked from the hazardous waste disposal system into the building's basement. now, the rodents involved in the laboratory experiment upstairs are not the only rats in the facility that will become the altered species. professor schultz, a leading bio-researcher, has just determined that the addition of a new enzyme now enables his "hunt and destroy" formulation to regenerate for the length of time necessary to neutralize deadly cancer tumors. when three varying degrees of the new mixture are administered to three different rats and the rest poured down the faulty "waste hazard" sink, shocking side-effects result in a night of terror.....right.....seriously, this is probably the worst film i've seen this year. everything about it screams "low-budget!", from the horrendous acting to the special effects which are some of the worst i've ever seen. the characters are clichéd morons and act in stupid, predictable ways: walking down dark hallways alone, looking for a cat, tripping and falling so the "rats" can catch up with them, boarding themselves up in a small room, etc. while some films are cheaply made, this film really takes the cake. every possible corner is cut, everything from reusing earlier shots, filming the "lab" hallways from different angles to make it look bigger (that reminds me--why were only two guys working in this freakin' massive building?!?!?!?), to music and special effects that could be done on a children's workshop pc.that brings me to the worst aspect of this steaming pile of dung--the special effects. just horrendous. the computer generated rats look so fake and stand out in every scene so even the dumbest of film buffs could see they are computer generated. and that giant rat suit--oh my god!!!!!!!! seriously, are we supposed to believe that freaking beany baby is a monster? just pitiful........on the better side, some of the gore looks pretty cool, especially considering the budget. the actors all suck. no one involved with the production cared or knew what they were doing. i've wasted enough time with review, just take my advice, it's garbage. 1/10.about the dvd: the transfer sucks, the audio is passable and there's a commentary track on the disk by the director and two of his friends, who say they had absolutely nothing to do with making the film but were there to ask questions and make comments. all three of these sub-human primordial slime are so incredibly stupid that they should be institutionalized before they can harm themselves or others. i don't want to waste any more of you kind reader's time or mine, for i am starting to remember more than i want to about this film..... dvd rating: 1/10.

my girlfriend picked this one; as a southern born and raised african american i found this movie's plot and premise totally without credibility. to believe that class and racial biases would be so easily and comfortably suspended would only come from someone totally unfamiliar with the ante-bellum south. totally absurd !!! i wonder how they got a good actor like harvey keitel and a good actress like andie mcdowell (who being southern knows better) to participate in this crap

"shadrach" was not my favorite type of movie. i found it overly sentimental and the acting was below par. harvey keitel and andie macdowell were good but some of the other actors weren't at all believable. i also did not believe that paul's parents would go away and leave him with the dabney family, especially when they had a housekeeper living in the home. their social classes were too far apart to consider this believable. it seemed the dabney's lifestyle was too exaggerated. there was a scene in the beginning of the movie that showed andie macdowell getting out of a car after having sex with someone. who was it? her son? what was the scene supposed to show us? why was the scene even included? it had nothing to do with the rest of the movie and was in fact never alluded to again. it seemed gratuitous and not fitting into the story at all. there were too many inconsistencies in the movie for me. the story concerning shadrach was nice but i wasn't convinced that the dabneys would have been as kind and generous as they were portrayed.

i had high hopes for it when i heard that it was being made back in 2001 because i read "the devil and daniel webster" when i was a kid and i found it very interesting. they made some changes to the story that don't make much sense to me. daniel webster in the story was a famous lawyer from new hampshire in the story. in the movie he is an editor. a lawyer makes more sense since he ends up representing jabez stone against the devil him/herself (he was a man in the story, but was a woman in the movie) in a trial where both of their souls are on the line. as an editor, it doesn't seem likely that daniel webster would have the skill to do this.the acting was decent by all except for alec baldwin and dan aykroyd. these are two actors that i like, they just did an awful job in this movie. it was as though they thought they were acting in a comedy, but the movie was more a serious one than a comedy. this might be partly due to the fact that the movie was filmed with a particular vision in mind, and was then re-edited by somebody else. given this fact, it's surprising that it was at all coherent. i was surprised to see a fair amount of snl cast members in the movie, which further leads me to believe it may have originally been filmed with the intention of it being more of a comedy.all in all i would have to say it wasn't completely awful, but it wasn't much good. if i could get the hour and a half back and do something else with it, i would. the ending was especially disappointing. as in the original story, daniel webster defeats the devil in the trial. jabez then starts out again at the beginning of the movie...literally, we are just brought back to the first scene with jabez, and then the movie abruptly ends. it actually looked as though they just replayed jabez' first scene over and called it the end. there is no indication that jabez has the benefit of any of the knowledge or experience he gained, so who is to say he didn't just repeat his mistakes over again, and perhaps over and over in an endless loop? it was an extremely disappointing end and did not make a lot of sense. the decent cast, and the acting of everyone except for baldwin and aykroyd are the only things that keep this from being a complete and total crap sandwich.

once again the same familiar story about a man (writer here) who sell his soul to the devil in order to have his most desired ambition in life: success. unfunny script (we should "go home and write better"), ridiculous lines in order to understand the "strong" "christmanish" message (our only aspiration in life is to find love, respect and a good friendship) and a very long trial scene at the end where the agent hopkins beat the devil (jennifer love hewitt is no sexy or evil at all) for all the bad things she made to this unlikable character. not bad efforts from the actors (baldwin also as a director, cattrall in a "sex and the city" role again, aykroyd with some funny lines in his limited role). p.s. try also a not so popular film from greece called "alloimono stous neous", a brilliant adaptation of this myth (an old man give his soul to the devil to get back his youth)

i went for this movie believing it had good ratings. firstly, it is ridiculous that they're releasing a movie originally made in 2001, seven years later in 2008 here in india. everything in the movie looks dated. even for 2001 the movie looks like its been made on a shoe string budget. there is a scene where a taxi hits a man to elaborate how low budget you can get. anthony hopkins doesn't seem to know what he is doing in the film. he ends up giving a long monologue towards the end. if the film had bright sparks during that scene, i missed it as i was sleeping on my seat. nothing about jennifer love hewitt resembles a devil. she wears ill-fitting trite clothes and scowls at random kids. as for alec baldwin a scene where he goes to meet webster for the first time is not to be missed. what a waste of money! as anthony hopkins rightly put it, "go back home and write better!"

my roommates & i nearly shorted out our tv from the numerous spit-takes we did while watching this hilarious piece of 1970s self important pseudo-zen dreck. i'd read about this campfest for ages and scanned my local late night tv listings for years in search of this elusive turd. several years ago our local abc affiliate was known for showing cool flicks for its late night weekend flick (ie "frogs", "night of the lepus", etc). then one day it happened: at 1:40am on a saturday night (over 5 years ago) there it was! we had over 15 folks over and the flick did not disappoint!see! andy griffith as the silliest & most unthreatening bad guy since jaye davidson in "stargate"!see! william shatner sport a variety of things atop his head that only faintly resemble human hair (or anything organic for that matter).hear! jaw droppingly inane 1970s psychobabble that makes "chicken soup for the soul" sound like bf skinnerfeel! content that any decade was better than the 70s.for those still reading...the plot surrounds a bunch of middle class mid level a--holes who decide to suck up to their s---head boss (griffith) by joining him on a cross dessert race that spans california & mexico. they all wear leather jackets, looking more christopher street than anything else. along the way they stop at a cantina, get drunk, smoke joints (the sight robert "mike brady" reed smoke a joint is an image you won't soon forget), start a fight, attempt rape, and just act like a bunch of suburban middle class jack offs. although i have an excellent copy that i taped off tv i wish this one would be released on video so the whole world could enjoy its half baked goofiness.

body slam (1987) is a flat out terrible movie. the low budget reeks, the direction is pedestrian (at best) and the writing and acting is lame. but if you're into old school wrestling (circa 1970's through the mid-80') then you'll be more entertained than the average viewer. i have to warn you, this movie stinks on ice. i gave it a two because i felt like being generous. this turkey was "directed" by stunt master hal needham. the stars are roddy piper, the tonga kid and a bunch of scrub wrestlers and c-list actors (dirk benedict).the synopsis of this "movie" is about a promoter who wants to combine "hair rock" and wrestling. but their are others that don't want him to succeed. there's more but i don't want to spoil it for you. if you can stomach the bad acting and inane storyline, there's a few surprises near the end for die-hard wrestling fans. i wouldn't recommend this to my worse enemy (and i mean it).

i went to a prescreening of this film and was shocked how cheesy it was. it was a combination of every horror/thriller cliché, trying to comment on many things including pedophilia, satan worship, undercover cops, affairs, religion... and it was a mess. the acting was pretty washboard; the kid and the jesus dude were alright, but apart from them.... anyways. i admire the effort (though slightly failed) on the attempt at showing the christian people in a different way...even though they did that, the way it presented the gospel was a bit stock and kiddish. but then again, it may have to be since he was talking to a little kid... no. actually, i've decided it's just all around bad. music... oh my gosh... horrible... toooo over-dramatic. okay. i felt bad for the people who made this movie at the premier; it seemed like a poor student project. i'm going to stop ranting about this now and say bottom line, go see this movie if you want to waste an hour and fifty minutes of your life on crap. there you go.

the one sheets and newspaper campaign suggested (as often they did) a far more lurid and violent piece than showed up on the drive-in screens. claude brook is actually an americanization of claudio brook, who worked in films for years. this one's quite hard to find anymore; i'd love to see it again to compare it to other international horrors of the day, but don't remember particularly impressed way back when. chances are it was a chopped up version that made it to u.s. theatres and video. but oh, that one sheet...still a gem of my later horror collection.

absolutely dreadful mexican film supposedly based on a short story by edgar allan poe about a newsman wanting to go into the confines of an asylum hidden in the woods to write a story about how it works, etc... when our hero, gaston, is given the grand show by dr. maillard, head of the asylum, we see all kinds of things which are suppose to be horrific, such as men hanging around long in a dungeon, and comedic, such as our hero being joked upon by soldiers as he climbs down a ladder hanging over the side of a building. then there is one sight which might have been meant to be both: a human man dressed as a chicken, yes, that's right a chicken, that pecks around the ground for chicken feed. the scene was to be a comedic highlight of the film, but, at least for me, it was the film's low point and really most revolting when you considered that grown men and women thought this might even be remotely entertaining. ah! that is indeed the real horror that is dr. tarr and his legion of name changes. and that brings me to this salient fact about the film which is most films that undergo multiple title changes usually have some kind of serious problem. yes, this is obvious, but some have distribution problems and others, of which this is one, have numerous title changes so that someone might unsuspectingly buy the same garbage more than once. this is definitely garbage. it has very little going for it. the only performer worth having a look at is claudio brook as the head of the asylum. he is one huge slab of ham as he laughs maniacally, bellows orders, sashays with sword in hand, and praises the chicken. i got so tired of hearing him talk about the "soothing system" as his means to cure the mentally sick. what a bunch of ludicrosity(hey, a film like this with a script like this deserves this kind of word). it won't take you long to figure out what is going on in the asylum nor will it be any more interesting. cinematic chicken scratch!

if this movie were any worse, it would have been directed by uwe boll. this nonsensical mess makes ed wood look like hitchcock. it has been a while since i have seen this steaming pile , but i do remember that i wanted to do grievous bodily harm to all those involved. how anyone can give this movie any more than 1 star amazes me to the graciousness of all those that viewed this tripe. i give it one star because there is not a rating lower. all copies of this movie should be burned the ground sowed with salt and reserved as a landfill for the most toxic of waste. no, one copy should be kept under ultra hi security and shown only to film makers as an example of how not to do it.

i feel much less generous with this film than others of its ilk. the portrayal of madmen in this century is always done with them being so totally bizarre as to be a different species. their antics are so outrageous as to be totally fictionalized. everyone is napoleon or some other historical figure; or they have a fascination with chickens. they are on the make or beating each other up. it's as if the scriptwriter said, what can i make up for them to do, without an sense of what insanity or even mental illness is. watch the wonderful human portrayal in "one flew over the cuckoo's nest" where the illnesses are believable and real. i once worked in a state mental hospital. i didn't see any of these guys. these are too smart and calculating to make them come to life.

i got this in the dvd 10 pack curse of the dead. you gotta love those bargain packs. for even if they don't feature true remastering, restoration and all that hoo-ha, and the films are generally in full-frame pan and scan format, there's no denying that there are always a few gems included. and by "gems", i mean there's always some good crap to be seen, especially if the films are from the '70s as the mansion of madness is.my copy is called mansion of madness, but when the title screens roll it's poe's dr. tarr's torture dungeon. doesn't matter, really, as crap is crap is crap, no? yes! but saying this film is completely worthless is not true at all. there are some funky elements here and there, and obviously the flick did have a decent budget.the opening title sequence is cool with its colored negative run through a cheap tv look. the dialogue is always hilarious. near the beginning of the film, the horse and buggy driver gets out to move a dead tree stump in the middle of the road. "what strength!" says our hero. funny, then, that this dude should later not be able to fight off the wacky woodsmen when they come to make freaky fun. you'll completely forget that this guy was even in the movie until he crops up again later near the end. that's how memorable these characters are.the best part about mansion of madness, however, has to be the wacky music and screwball hijinks that the good guys have to endure. it's like bad cartoon music that a three year old would find enjoyable. and why all the weirdo slapstick, anyway? i'd say my fave moment had to be when the horse and buggy is ambushed by the forest freaks when they pull a stupid looking homemade ghost up by a stick in the middle of the road and make the buggy stop. what the hell? oh yeah, there's plenty of boobies to be seen, too, for those of you that dig such things. boobies, bad dialogue, and wacky music. that best sums of mansion of madness for me. it's well worth at least one viewing, and may be a lot better if you've had a few to drink or whatnot. i can't say i was ever bored watching it, but i can't deny that it's also a barrel of poop. kinda like magical mystery tour but with a plot, but not. hmm.and mr. chicken pwnz.

although i rated this movie a 2 for showing a complete lack of effort in trying to create a quality horror film it was a 10 on the unintentional funny scale. i couldn't figure out what was going on in the movie or who the people were but i didn't care because i knew every scene was going to have something to make me cry with laughter. dialogue is a minimum throughout the movie but i believe this is because they started filming without a script. the fact that there is no plot line makes the movie extremely versatile. it doesn't matter if you sit down and watch the movie from beginning to end or if you watch it in rewind you will be confused with enjoyment. i particularly like the scene in which the inmates are taking turns running around outside beating each other with sticks. i believe the doctor refers to this as treatment. genius!

all the other comments already said what i was going to say, here goes anyway. i thought this was italian at first, sorry about that, italy. i wasn't bored because i kept waiting for something to happen. who did that song about dr. tarr and professor feather way back when? was it alan parsons? saw this on a brentwood 10 pack and the quality was as expected, terrible. full of streaks and stuff. the movie was an incoherent mess. goofy music and clueless characters. the main guy should have known in the first minute that the doctor was nuttier than the patients. i thought the "doctor" directing the "battle" scene was never going to end. had some good looking babes though. it seems these dumb ass movies always throw in a naked chick or two and that gets you hooked. i gave it a 2 for the nekkid women. that bird people dance made me want to pull out my own eyeballs. poe probably did about 3,000 rpms in his grave when this thing came out because it was loosely based on a story of his.

i read reviews on this movie and decided to give it a shot. i'm an open minded guy after all and i’ve given good reviews to some pretty bad flicks. as the end credits rolled on this one i searched for meaning and something nice to say. here goes: "this film was mercifully short." that's all i got.okay, okay. the sets and visuals were well done and the music helped lend to the mood of asylum life but the film was painful to watch and the endless dialogue took away from the good bits. i did find myself laughing at this film but the way you laugh at your best friend who just embarrassed himself in front of a large crowd.by the time of the "chicken dance" at the finale i had just decided to tuck and roll with the film and let the bodies fall where they fall. i don't know what could have salvaged this film. the acting was not bad and it looked like it had a budget but there just wasn't any way to make it watchable; not even the presence of beautiful bare breasts. maybe i should have sparked a doobie or drank a lot of beer to get the full experience of the film. either way, i'm not watching this film again unless i'm really depressed. then i can tell myself “at least i wasn’t in ‘dr. tarr's torture dungeon.’ i’m better than those guys."

dr tarr's torture dungeon is about a journalist who travels to an insane asylum to write about a new technique they use with their patients. however, the journalist soon finds out that things are not what they seem to be, and the asylum is being run by the patients, and the doctors are in cages. first of all, some parts of the film are just plain boring and just makes you want to fall asleep, and the interesting parts are interesting for all the wrong reasons(a guy who thinks he's a chicken, for instance). i have to admit that the story is actually pretty good, but the film itself bombs. the music of the film is really odd and like something you would hear in some insane comedy, and yes, there is a scene involving dancing chicken men, which pretty much made me want to shut off the screen. watch this film at your own risk! rated: r for violence and nudity.

a stupid rich guy circa about 1800 wants to visit a nearby mental asylum to see how a famous doctor cares for his patients. despite an initially hostile response, he is soon cordially invited in and given a tour by the good doctor. and, as the doctor shows him about, he talks and talks and talks!!! and as he talks, loonies run amok here and there doing nothing especially productive. while there is some action here and there (and some of it quite disturbing), it's amazing how dull and cerebral the whole thing is--lacking life and energy, which is odd for a horror flick. even a guy who thinks he's a chicken and dresses like one becomes rather tiresome. the further this tour takes the guest, the more disturbing it becomes until ultimately you realize that the inmates have taken over the hospital and are torturing their keepers. yet again, despite this twist, the film is amazingly lifeless in many places--particularly when it moves very slowly as a bizarre ceremony is taking place or people are just wandering about the set. only when the workers from the asylum found in a prison cell, starving, does the film have any real impact. considering this plot, it sure is hard to imagine making it boring, but the people who made this cheap exploitational film have! now with the same plot and competent writing, acting and direction, this could have been an interesting and worthwhile film.you know, now that i think about it, this was the plot of one of the episodes of the original "star trek" tv show! you know, the one with "lord garth--master of the universe" and kirk and spock are held prisoner by this madman and his crazed followers.a final note: the film has quite a bit of nudity here and there and includes a rape scene, so be forewarned--it's not for kids. in fact, considering how worthless the film is, it isn't for anyone! however, with the version included in the "50 movie pack--chilling classics", the print is so incredibly bad that it's hard to see all this flesh due to the print being so very dark.

i've waited a long time to see dr tarr's torture dungeon and after i watched it, i was really disappointed by it. it's not the baroque film i expected it to be. the trailer (which i saw on a something weird dvd) is much better than the entire film, which is remarkably forgettable. there are almost no stand out scenes in it and the look and feel is interesting but it doesn't even come close to other baroque styled movies out there, from fellini or jodorowsky. the characters are dull and there's almost nothing dramatic going on, even though we see rape, crucifixion, insanity, etc.the main problem with dr tarr's torture dungeon was the fact that it was a talk-a-thon more than anything else. it was almost like watching a book. i just wanted the film to have moments of silence or mood or something, instead we see/listen to the main characters chit-chat endlessly about dull stuff.a missed opportunity.

relative to other columbo movies, this can only be rated a 1 (awful). i seriously do not understand what the other reviewers have seen in this appalling train-crash of a film. it was only through morbid fascination that i continued to watch it - to see what bizarre or inept decision the director would make next.another reviewer suggested that it was falk's only directorial outing because it interfered with his acting role. in fact, i think the real reason lies with the studio bosses, who must have been horrified when they saw what he had done with their money. it's a wonder they didn't murder him.

ok, so obviously ppl thought this was a good movie in 1955.i pity the fools who still think so... its absolute rubbish.the story is just ... ridiculous. the characters are absurd caricatures - but this film is not meant to satirise, im sure its meant to be a serious drama isn't it?dean and others, are too old for their parts. people say dean is great in this film, and well, maybe he did play his part as well as he possibly could've. his character is meant to be 16 or 17 or so. but dean was a 24 year old man when he made this film. seeing him agonise and throw little tantrums like a 4 year old boy... its pathetic.natalie wood is gorgeous, but the early scenes at the police station where she is crying and whining are very unconvincing. it sets a bad precedent for the film... and for the rest of it, you feel like cringing every time one of these badly acted emotional scenes comes along.it may've been good for its time, but, really, its drivel.it must've just been hype about dean's death that has over-inflated the reputation of this film.

was this a comedy or was it a drama? i begin this review by asking this question because the film that i just witnessed, hollywood shuffle, was neither funny or rather dramatic. while it tried so hard to make a point, because of this lack of definition (comedy or drama), the clever themes and pointed remarks were lost. while i am a strong believer that there is too much racial profiling happening in hollywood, even today, i do not believe that townsend's directorial debut did much to stop it. instead, i feel it only added more fuel to the fire. townsend's comic timing in this film was disastrous due to the fact that the elements he was supposed to be making fun of, he was instead promoting and vice versa. the parts that were supposed to be serious were somehow destroyed by the poor lack of funny comedy. townsend had a decent concept with this film, but sadly the execution is what ultimately hurt this film. if you watch the preview before the film (which i constantly do), you will immediately get the wrong impression of what you are going to see. the preview gives the impression of a very intelligent, comic film that prides itself on the intelligence of the viewers, but the actually film could not be further from the truth.the main problem with hollywood shuffle is not story itself (because it is lacking in elaboration); it is townsend's direction. he had a wonderful concept with this film. exploit the hollywood that exploits our race. decent idea, but why couldn't he execute it very well? the first reason is that his ideas are too random and sporadic. the structure of this film was like watching a heart attack on a monitor at the hospital, we are literally everywhere without any warning or map. it was obvious that townsend had quite a bit to say, but only a short amount of time to do it in. so, instead of defining his characters, developing his themes, and actually creating a smart film, he just throws it all together and prays that it works. sadly, it doesn't. instead of a smart comedy, we have a hodgepodge of so many ideas, comedic skits, and underused actors that this film goes from decent to nearly unwatchable. what hurts townsend the most are his brief, attempt to be funny, interruptions throughout the film. from battling a villain known as jerry curl to parodying siskel & ebert, townsend's attempt to poke fun while speak a message about the film industry falters. this is because these small intermittent skits actually distract from the central focus of the film and actually destroy internally. while townsend seems to be trying to make a joke about life in hollywood, he actually is simply connecting to every stereotype and cliché in the book. what could have been beautiful satire transforms into simply generic humor that never quite stands apart from the rest.so, if you find yourself not laughing at the humor of this story, perhaps there is some comfort in knowing that some of the wayans brothers are around to help spice up this dull story. wrong! the wayans are in this film, but townsend demonstrates that he has the ability to even bring the worst out even in this entertaining family. definitely in their pre-in living color moments, we see that comedy was something that all needed to constantly improve upon. perhaps it was townsend's direction, or just maybe this atrocious story, but these typically funny comedians were obviously underused and ignored when it came to critics of this film. i just thought that with the talent pool that townsend had to pull from that hollywood shuffle would have been funny, bright, and a true stab at this obvious hollywood dilemma. sadly, it was none of the above.finally, i would like to say that this was a workable film. there were some moments (while they were few and way far between) that had a smile on my face, the final product just didn't settle well with me. townsend can be funny, but in this film it just felt like he was playing against himself, instead of through his personal experiences and troubles. i realize that he was probably speaking the truth, but it never came through as that. instead, we are threaded through a weak story, which supports itself with idiotic flash clips that may have worked for a sitcom, but surely didn't work for this film. even for those that comment that this was his directorial debut and that he was learning from this film, i would have to disagree. if you are starting fresh, either have a tight script or defined themes. townsend had neither of these, and combined with the inability to control his actors, he just failed in a ball of flames.overall, this was rather disappointing to watch. it reminded me of a grade school spelling bee where it is finally your child's time to spell. the word is tough, but as the first two to three letters come out, you think that it is going to work perfectly, but then there is that random "p" and silent "r" that forces your excitement to come tumbling down. that is how i felt with hollywood shuffle. at first, i saw the potential, i saw the theme and the motive behind the picture, but through fuzzy and inexperienced technique and after the first couple of scenes, i experienced that deep fall feeling. townsend sank his own ship on this one, and i don't think hollywood shuffle will ever re-submerge as a pivotal moment of hollywood cinema.grade: * out of *****

well i don't know what people saw in this movie i don't know. i saw this movie yesterday and i got a severe headache. other than few good dialog there is nothing in this movie.the big b rt now is preaching to fall in love with girls of half of you age. i didn't like the movie at all. i wanted to give 1 rating but giving 3 as i like the role of the small girl who is called "sexy" by ab. my word "dont watch"save your self donot watch this movie.save time and money.

the subject this latest adman-turned-movieman tries to tackle in his debut (ad)venture is quite an age-old topic of discussion by almost any cultural standard -- timeless romance (pun intended).however, the exploration (and exploitation for desi auds) falls woefully short as the usual inclinations to 'pepper, spice and sugar' up the usual masala mix of b/g score, dialog, dance, drama, etc creates a nice-looking package with not much inside.in the first 40 minutes of the movie, the kitchen scene has been repeated at least 8-9 times. further repeats follow thru-out the movie (after all the lead character's a cook). but therein lies les problemos -- no story! hah, no wonder. someone forgot to write a script.amitabh puts in a cheeni jyada (more) amount of over-acting. really when is this guy ever gonna stop?? how many 60-somethings prance around like that even when teased by a nubile 30-something??? timeless mind yes, but surely what about the not-so-ageless bod? and sole? sorry, soul?! reasonably good acting by paresh rawal who has the only sensible role in the film. the director lacks any sense of realism getting all caught up in his new-fangled discovery of a hot new idea. nowhere are we presented with any real-life problems or issues such a pair might face, other than actually getting married which is only the initial obstacle. the sub-plot of a little kid with cancer (the bachelor boy's first love) goes nowhere and whatever little bit of poignancy this otherwise insipid presentation would have evoked is quickly killed off along with the girl's character.anyway, nice try but not quite there yet.

in this movie, the old amitabh bachchan falls in love with a much younger woman, again. he meets her in his restaurant. the younger woman, tabu, flirts with him. he does not know what to do and asks her out. her reaction on his invitation is rather weird. is was supposed to be funny.and that annoys me about this whole movie. it wasn't that funny. the jokes and script was terrible! the only jokes i liked was about the teeth of a waiter, but after a several times, even that began to bore.amitabh has a little girlfriend called sexy. this was a weird relationship! a little girl with the mind of an old woman! it was frightening! i know someone can be attached to a kid, but this man has adult conversations with this child. it did not make any sense.tabu's father is paresh rawal. he has to give amitabh a hard time, but we all know paresh, he can't do that. so even the conversation at the end, when they sit all around the table, even that was supposed to be funny.i only like movies who really are funny. i suppose i will never watch this movie again.

r balki tries to tell you a story that had been earlier told by ram gopal verma in nishabd in a sensuous way. this time it is mixed with mature humors.amitabh bachchan is a chef and owns an indian cuisine in london. he is very dominating and arrogant and respects his job just like any other job. according to him, cooking is an art. still cannot make hyderabadi biryani properly.enter tabu who sends her the proper hyderabadi biryani made by her and they soon starts meeting up and finally falls in love with each other amitabh is 65 and tabu is 35. no probs! but one hitch! tabu's father paresh rawal!! the couples decide to meet the father for the approval of their marriage. but amitabh realizes that tabu's father is much younger to him. and the complications begin performance wise all three actors are brilliant. the script of the film is very tight and interesting. the dialogues of the film are catchy. but somewhere you feel that your stomach is not properly filled. the comedy is sometimes not properly understood. the film also tries to go lengthy at some parts.musically nothing much to sing about except the title track. the camera-work is good. director r balki could have given much better from this script. but in the second half he himself looks confused. the "satyagrah" scene of the father looked irritating. but the lines spoken by amitabh bachchan during that scene are clap worthy.on the whole, cheeni kum needed to have more sugar!

when you have two tower house of performers pitched against each other, the least you can expect is the superb camaraderie and that is the case in this film where we have a 64 yrs old amitabh bachchan romances a 34-yr old tabu. wait! in fact that is all there in the name of plot therefore instead of "cheeni" it is the content that is "kum" in this adman turned writer-director r. balki's maiden effort..trust the two senior actors to bring the house down with their wise-cracks and bitter-sweet moments when love happened in this unconventional pair, and that is all you find in slow but refreshing first half. the locales of london as captured in rainy season are captivating. by the end of first half, romance completed and mission accomplished. there is not much left to be said. therefore in the second half a strange opposition comes in the form of girl's father to the extent that he goes for a satyagrah is really a test of patience. there is an equally strange climax about how he gives in. the result, second half is dry, flat with no energy. there is a subplot with a girl child dying of cancer, not making much impact. nonetheless, the film is recommended for its fresh approach and the performances.

this movie is not only boring, it is also really badly done. the graphics are so bad, they are not even second rate - they are dreadful. the characters do not show any facial expresssions, the voice acting is empty and without any soul, and the plot absolutely lacks .... well... anything and everything. my 5 year old likes it - but thinks it's a bit boring. i agree with him.

this thing is really awfull. there´s no charachter with weight, they´re all floating around in the bg´s. the motion capture is a fine toy, but this movie demostrates that you really need people who knows animation to do an animated film. the machine can´t do anything well by itself. if you see it as a bizarre film, you´ll have fun finding mistakes of continuity... in a 3d movie!!! it´s funny to watch the princess dress move around like a thing with diferent phisics. you need animators and 3d animators, not data-entries whom know 3d programs. note the junctions, like the elbows, how they lost volume and get deformed. the person who made the charachter design (a very good one) sufered for sure when he/she watched them move, ´cos you can´t say they come to life.

this movie is deeply idiotic. a man wants revenge for a crime- but when he enacts his revenge- there is a video camera pointed right at him the entire time. what man with a brain cell in his head would sit there and do this for so long in front of a video camera?just the fact that this script could never even happen except with someone unable to dress themselves destroyed it for me- but it got dumber!!!i am thinking the script writers have some serious habits that are cooking their brain cells and making them miss plot holes you can drive an battalion of armored tanks through.plot: a man seeks revenge for the death of loved ones, but in the middle of the plot something goes totally wrong, and then the unexpected unfolds.if only these people writing this story hadn't been so dumb as to write totally unrealistic plot turns that could never happen this way. to the writers i say- seek help for your serious mental problem.

the premise of the film is that thomas archer's son was murdered and his wife was brutalized -- and he is given a chance at revenge when (after post traumatic stress disorder therapy), he is put in a room with a man strapped to a chair and told this was the culprit. he is given a large table of implements with which to offer retribution: drills, bats, nails, sledgehammers, torches, whatever you can think of that someone could possibly want to use to physically hurt another human being.we go way too many scenes of torture before we figure out that the man archer is torturing is not the man who committed the crime. the two then create an uncomfortable alliance; who put them in this situation and why.well, when all is said and done, we don't really care...

thomas archer (ron eldard) has his child killed and his wife viciously attacked in a home invasion. dr. heller (christopher plummer) tries to help him through the post traumatic stress. then archer finds himself confronted with a man (til schweiger) bound and gagged to a chair. he is told this is the man who killed his child and attacked his wife and he can do whatever he likes to him. and there's a large assortment of instruments there to help him...film is interesting at first (and shows real restraint in terms of blood and gore) but gets stupider by the minute and has some highly unlikely plot twists and turns. it all ends in a final twist that was so old and stupid that i was shocked anyone would actually think of using it anymore. how such talented actors like eldard, schweiger and plummer got involved in crap like this is beyond me. this gets three stars for the acting but the stupid plot and truly unbelievable twists make this a chore to sit through.

i was attracted to seeing this movie because of this plot and my desire to watch a horror.to my disappointment, this turned into more of a comedy than a horror. the acting, dialog, and flow of the movie was all very poorly done. much of it didn't make sense. for example, there's a party of about 30 people and they're all terrified of one person despite them being at a secret location and are all healthy looking young adults and the guy threatening them sounds haggard. i kept thinking, maybe this was a parody of another movie like scary movie, but they were trying too hard to make it look gruesome - emphasis on try.the blood and gore are also poorly done. i've seen halloween costumes look more believable than this. a guy with his head cut clean off... looked clean - missing signs bone, flesh, blood, and even the head. a strong downward strike with an ax on a corpse should lodge itself into something... seemed like the guy was swinging a bat instead of an ax.revealing who the main villain was supposed to be a twist, but contradicted other parts in the story. what was going in the guy's mind to turn out like that? if there was going to be a twist, you should at least build up to it adding mystery and suspense.

i'm sorry to all the fans, but this is a useless movie. the acting is bad, even wooden, it over-hypes the fright-factor early on, and doesn't exactly work. i think there was supposed to be a twist at the end, but it just ended up being maddeningly confusing. what the hell? the dude who was killing everyone was one of the hunted? try again.its hardly original, and it isn't even particularly good as a straight slasher. and that's saying something.i think whoever did the castings, whoever wrote the script, and whoever thought of the concept should be mercilessly fired and deported.don't watch this movie. if someone puts this on at a party, throw the disc out the window and put on a good horror movie, like silence of the lambs or the shining.

here we go with other slasher movie, good looking people and acting from everyone was really good!few kids playing pranks phones calls and there parents are killed by the killer in front of the kids! 20 years after they are still friends, they go to huge house, have fun, drugs and sex (no nudity) for least half a hour of the movie! again they start making pranks phone call all over again! and then killer comes back kills them off one by one and killer is in big black coat with axe just like urban legend movie,deaths scene really weird, really odd times too.nice slasher movie at this part would gave 7/10 but the twist at the end of the movie made the whole movie kinda of pointlessthe twist killed the movie for me so i going to give it 4/10

when i caught a glimpse of the title i thought are we going to get another try-hard hip slasher, but actually i found "7eventy 5ive" to be a mildly passable, and almost 80s throwback after a tediously slow mid-section it picks up momentum for the final half-hour leading to it's outrageously tacky climax and downright cop out ending. it won't win awards for originality, because it's as systematic as you can get and steals its thunder in the way of thrills (usual cheap jump scares), location (secluded mansion) and motivation from other films. the gleaming direction is by-the-book and the material is quite hackneyed with poorly realised red herrings within its elaborate plotting and flimsy script. sometimes laughable, but nonetheless i was entertained mainly due to its brutal and grisly acts of pulpy violence towards some rather obnoxiously annoying college students by a psychotic killer with a battle axe. the performances weren't bad in the shape of a spunky young cast, however the characters they were portraying weren't particularly enticing. an always presentable rutger hauer shows up in a short supportive role as a grizzled detective. a slickly made, but a shallow and forgettable addition to the fold.

what an utter disappointment! the score of 6,1 here on imdb built up some mild expectations but, oh my, was i disappointed. the first thing that bugs me are those braindead, stereotyped university kids. yes, i know teens can be childish and so on, but why are they in movies always portrayed as complete braindead morons? there was one character that i thought was alright, but he/she (not revealing it here) was killed off way before the end. the other characters was poorly executed and even the supposed hero/heroine just didn't do it for me. on the plus side: the plot is pretty good and the productions values a cut above for these kind of flicks. the acting was generally not very good, rutger hauer stands out in a small role. but it all fails with bland and braindead characters. you just stop caring about them after 10 minutes. 4/10 (and thats being generous).

the plot of 7eventy 5ive involves college kids who play a cruel phone game that unexpectedly (to them, if not to fans of horror) gets them in over their heads. the story of 7eventy 5ive, on the other hand, is that of a horror film that had a wee little bit of promise, sadly outweighed by really bad writing.what could have been a fun, if somewhat silly, old-fashioned slasher tale is derailed early on by its filmmakers' misguided belief that the audience would enjoy watching a bunch of loud, whiny rich kids bitching at each other for most of the film's running time. with the exception of a police detective played by rutger hauer, (in a minor role that is designed mainly to add the movie's only star power) every character on screen is a different breed of young a-hole.male and female, black and white, straight and gay, an entire ensemble of shallow and shrill college kids carries the bulk of the film's narrative. worse, since the tale deals with a party game gone awry, most of the time the scenes are completely filled with these little b*****ds. because of this, there are few breaks for the viewer, who must put up with the angry sniping of the thinly-drawn protagonists. even though at least some of these people are supposedly friends, invariably all characters interact in a very hostile manner, long before any genuine conflict has actually arisen. this leads to the worst possible result in a slasher film: the audience, intended to care about the leads, instead not only cheers on the anonymous killer, but wishes that he had arrived to start picking off the vacuous brats far earlier.the real shame of this poor characterization is that otherwise 7eventy 5ive actually did have some potential. visually it's fine. first-time directors brian hooks and deon taylor know how to build a suspenseful mood. they also manage to deliver on some competent, if sparse, moments of classic 80s-style gore. surprisingly, the production's cast is also fairly able. it isn't that the actors aren't capable of expressing realistic human emotion; it is simply that the screenplay (co-written by newcomer vashon nutt and director hooks, who fared much better behind the camera than with a keyboard) is short of such moments.7eventy 5ive can hardly be recommended, as its familiar premise and few thrills can't outweigh the bad taste left behind by a story driven by a gaggle of unpleasant characters. in this tepid whodunnit, the real mystery is why anyone should care about a group of young folk who can't even manage to like each other.

saw it yesterday night at the midnight slam of the festival des films du monde in montreal. what a disappointment. this movie is clearly over rated by imdb fans. the acting was only but regular. the directing didn't bring anything new or interesting. the plot lacks considerably : the movie is all about those college grads and the game they play making prank calls(7eventy 5ive). and on top of that, you can predict the movie's end in the first five minutes. if you like prank calls and a slasher with an axe that makes you jump only once or twice during the whole movie, you might like it. if you don't, this movie is not worth it.

5 minutes into this movie i was hyperventilating, shaking, and writhing in pain. and not in the good way. the story is about a troupe of idiotic children making prank phone calls to a psycho which is always a good idea. turns out psychos don't like prank phone calls because in 2 minutes time he's at their door killing poor williams mom and dad. well skip ahead 15 years and guess what? still prank phone calling people. yep you would of thought that a horrible murder would of deterred them from doing that ever again but no. so after about two hours later and way too many scream ripoffs i realized that this movie gave me nothing but a terrible taste in my mouth and a severe urge to take my own life. this piece of crap isn't even worth laughing at the shoddy production, the "acting", or rutger haurs dwindling career. i love crappy horror movies but this is the most unsatisfying piece i've ever seen. just don't.

i had absolutely nothing to do the past weekend, and tagged along with my friends to check out a movie...any movie. and since the only movie we'd not seen was inspector gadget, we decided to go in for that.big mistake. this is a movie that might appeal only to kids. oh, and it's not like i don't enjoy movies targeted at the younger audience. but this movie had absolutely nothing to hold my attention. if you have nothing to do at home, go to sleep. better than wasting hard-earned cash on this. go check out the film if you're a kid or if you're a parent with a kid :)

in keeping with disney's well-known practice of stealing.. i mean.. buying out known properties and bastardizing them, this live-action version of the venerable cartoon classic has got to be one of the worst re-makes in a year of bad re-makes. i grew up on the original cartoon tv series. any episode of the original cartoon series will give you more laughs than this entire movie. not present is penny's cool computer book. also not present is the gag with the self-destructing orders that always ends up detonating on the chief. new are a smooth talking gadget convertible (the original cartoon had a cooler vehicle that could turn into a van or a car) and an element of a typical, unrealistic hollywood romance. don't fill the coffers to pay for disney executives and even their _ex_executives - don't see this movie.

disney's done it again. the company that made "mr. magoo" and "george of the jungle" has made another movie that barely resembles the cartoon on which it is based, and keeps none of the spirit of the original."inspector gadget" was one of my favorite cartoons when i was a young one, and for a movie of it to exist may have been a dream come true back then. now that that movie does exist, i was severely disappointed, even outraged.first we have the characters.gadget himself has the gadgets that made him such a fun character in the original cartoon (with well-done special effects accompanying them), and he even has some of the naivete of the original gadget, but he is now more competent and is expected to solve the crime himself while penny and brain just watch.penny has little to do; while she played a major role in the cartoon, discovering the crime and halting it, and occasionally getting captured by the mad agents, now she is simply introduced and then forgotten, although she does at least sneak into claw's base.claw is the movie's version of dr. claw, who was a rather sinister, raspy-voiced man who wore metallic gloves and sat in his chair, his face hidden from view, as he stroked his cat and oversaw various crimes. now he is simply a man with a claw for a hand, with no mystery behind the character.brain and mad cat exist in the movie, but are rather insignificant to it.even small parts of the cartoon aren't spared in this butchering. the famous expression "wowsers!" was mysteriously changed to "wowser", and gadget's gadgetmobile now looks different and talks.there is even product endorsements everywhere. why is "yahoo!" advertised on a sign? why does the gadgetmobile have buttons for m&m's or skittles?fans of the cartoon will hate it, others might will likely find the movie below par, and when all is said and done, this movie is another attempt to make some quick bucks off another old show.

inspector gadget (1999) **starring: matthew broderick, rupert everett, joely fisher, andy dick, dabney coleman director: david kellogg 80 minutes rated pgby blake french:disney's new film, "inspector gadget" is about a cop named john who survives a major accident and is saved by a state of the art experimental operation that turns him into a robotic machine-like agent who has tools and contraptions of all sorts built into his body at his use when he says "go go," only to be called inspector gadget!the actual movie's structure is much like the body formation of inspector gadget himself. it is noisy, fragmented, energetic and consist of a bunch of half hearted contraptions thrown together to make something that doesn't have much in common with anything else present. the film is basically a series of zany action sequences that are kind of pasted together with characters and an uneven story that only kids between the ages of 6-9 would enjoy.the cop who is dramatically reinvented is played by matthew broderick, who, until "inspector gadget," was on a success spree with movies like "election." his character becomes inspector gadget after an encounter with the film's heavy handed villain named claw. he is played by rupert everett, who has already experienced catastrophe this year with the dreadful "william shakespeare's a midsummer nights dream."there is a romantic subplot in this movie as well as ample amounts of scenes involving inspector gadget's wacky body parts and mechanism elements. it has gadget and claw drooling over the attractive character brenda, played by joely fisher, for both her looks and her knowledge of a specific invention made by her late father, who was earlier killed by claw. competition evolves into fight scenes and a reason for many happenings in the film. also a major character is the gadget mobil, a life like automobile that is devised for inspector gadget himself. it is voiced by d.l. hughly from the sitcom comedy "the hughly's.""inspector gadget" is a movie that i found quite bad. i know, i am not exactly a target audience of the filmmakers, but even my ten year old relative found the film to his disliking. the movie is full of distinct flaws and obvious problems. i never found myself caring about the characters. there is no mood development beyond some neat opening credits, unlike the much worse 1997 film, "mr. magoo," which opened using clips of the original cartoon. is it too much to ask for that same type of thing in this comedy-which is seldom funny and hardly ever convincing. the overall production design is nothing but a mess of incomplete sight gags and consists of one joke: inspector gadget's bumbling goofiness.in movies like this the audience lusts for boundaries-something to help make out what can happen and what can not. in "inspector gadget" there are no such boundaries. this is truthfully nothing more than a party time for the actors, who surly had lots of fun. i am reminded of another lacking comedy released a few years ago called "blankman" which again, contained lots of props and energy, and the actors certainly had fun time with all the gizmos and props, but it too lacked something needed for every movie: audience participation.a character that i found being left out a lot is gadgets daughter, who by the end of the movie, i still has not clue of what her name was. she is used only as a plot device-and i question how she was used to further the plot as well. for her presence brings nothing relevant or productive to the film. we never know her reactions to her father's operation or accidents. thus, this is someone who could have been completely left out and would have not affected the movie a bit.in closing, i'd like to state that "inspector gadget" is an awful, insufficient excuse for a children's comedy. and believe it or not, i find myself comparing this film to last years violent and very anti-young audience action picture "blade." i am stating once again that i had much rather have a movie where nothing happens than one in which everything happens. "inspector gadget" had so much going for it at the same time, it made literally made me dizzy.

ok. i think the tv show is kind of cute and it always has some kind of lesson involved. so, when my kids decided they wanted to see this movie, i decided to tag along. i wish i'd stayed home and watched the tv show instead.the fact that the humor is silly and unoriginal is the least of the problems with this movie. the plot is next to non-existant, the characters seem to exist in a vacuum, and, worst of all, gadget does not carry any lesson whatsoever. it appears that disney took all of the things that make inspector gadget work on tv and tossed them all. to be fair, my younger child (8 years old) liked the movie but the older one (10 years old) came away thinking it silly (he was too old for the youth humor but too young for any of the adult humor).generally, i like disney films but this one misses by a mile. it is ok for a very narrow age band (say 7 to 9) but a must miss for everybody else.

this is without a doubt the worst most idiotic horrible piece o' crap i have ever watched.this movies plot is that some guy goes crazy and dresses up as santa claus and kills people because he saw his mother give his father oral sex while he was dressed as santa clause. that is why he went insane? is it just me or is that the worst damn reason for someone to go insane like ever? and that's not the only thing. i'm being serious when i say nothing happens in this damn movie. nothing until like 1 hour and 15 minutes of it have gone by.there's an entire friggin scene where he glues a friggin santa beard on to him. it's a friggin minute long. who the hell wants to see that? however i must say the ending of this movie made me crap myself laughing at it. so if you see this movie on tv or something come back in like 1 hour and 20 minutes just to watch without a doubt the worst ending in all of cinematic history. and i'm serious about that.it's not even so good its bad, it's tedious, it's idiotic, it made me want to break the vcr. it's just not worth your time also i'm sure every other review mentioned this but the actress who played the mother on home improvement was in this movie for a split second. you want to know how bad this movie is? i'd rather watch home improvement for sixty six hours then even look at this movies cover ever again.

going into a movie like i this, i was expecting absolutely nothing entertaining except for a whorde of kills.....what i got was even less.christmas eve 1947 a kid witnesses his parents doing it while daddy is in a santa suit. horrified, he runs up the stairs and cuts himself. the story begins 33 years later and harry stalling is your normal everyday joe.....cept for the fact he's obsessed with santa. after his boss makes fun of him he goes insane, dressing up like santa and starts killing non-santa believing patrons and his boss. an unruly neighborhood catches up to him and just as they're about to torch him, he drives his van off a cliff.....into the moon. not the best ending i've seen but it was original.it was a slow paced, boring movie that really had no redeeming quality except when harry went apeshyt on the church goers. there was hardly any gore and even the "sex" scenes were toned down.too boring......4 out of 10

why, oh, why won't they learn? when you've got a nice, juicy exploitation gimmick, use it! don't go messing around trying to get all deep and thoughtful; you're only gonna wind up looking foolish.christmas evil is the story of harry stadling, who saw a little bit too much of mommy kissing (daddy-dressed-as-)santa claus back when he was a kid. so, of course, harry grows up obsessed with christmas, and finally, when his disillusionment becomes too great, he flips out, dresses as santa, and wanders the city giving out toys to good little children, and viciously killing anyone he deems naughty.simple enough, and not a bad place to start. (after all, how many other holiday-themed horror flicks use the same schtick?) unfortunately, this film wants to be more "santa, portrait of a serial killer" than "silent night, deadly night". two-thirds of the film are spent documenting harry's slow but inevitable breakdown, when i would have been willing to buy the premise by the time the opening titles were rolling. you know a slasher film is in trouble when you find yourself urging the killer to just get on with it already.perhaps harry's descent into madness could have been compelling in the hands of a competent director, but alas, we've got some guy named lewis jackson. apparently, this is his only film, and it shows. the action jumps giddily from scene to scene, without establishing shots or clear views of the actors to let us know where we are and who we are seeing.even once the film gets rolling, we're still treated to heaping helpings of harry's self-pity, insecurity, and neurotic behavior. more depressing than frightening, christmas evil is one to avoid.

if you didn't know better, you would believe the christian moral majority in their preachy testimonial of the sins of the young, their questing for satan, and that hell was just brimming with advanced dungeons and dragons fans.none of these items bears one grain of truth, folks. this work does nothing but give the southern baptists a chance to take a breath, while the movie continues to spout their erroneous and alarmist views concerning a creative and original gaming system.tom hanks contributes a stellar performance for this work, but even that wasn't enough to save it. it's crap. it's beneath crap. it is ignorance breeding ignorance and as such, it rates nothing from...the fiend :.

first off, i knew nothing about 'mazes and monster' before i watched it. i had no knowledge of the role-playing controversy behind it or the fact that it was a made-for-tv movie. when i looked at the cover (the updated dvd one) i seriously thought it would be another fantasy adventure like 'legend', with tom hank as the nerdy hero from 1980s earth entering a mythical world to save a princess from an evil maze filled with monsters. sounds exciting, right? that is what the cover suggests to you at first glance. i was given this movie as a gift, obviously under the same premise because my aunt knows i'm into action movies with a medieval myth theme. and it has tom hanks, one of my favorite actors. so i popped this movie in, expecting a feel good movie with tom hanks in a 80s special effects world that would be good for a laugh.no! none of this happens. now before i continue i will confess, i am a nerd but i have no interest in role-playing games. that is all this movie is about so my interest in the content is lukewarm at best. and m&m (copyright infringement?) is not even a feel good role-playing based movie with lovable geeks that uses their imagination to enter a world of awesomeness. no! this is an anti-role-playing movie that must have been made by some religious folk (the same people who also think barney is the work of satan.) i understand, satan is a crafty fellow but i don't think he is desperate enough for soul to lull rpg lovers into worship him. this movie is thee anti-gamer movie. this is what i get from this movie: it hates rpgs and not only does it make fun of the people engaging in role-playing but it makes poor tom hanks a mental patient.tom had an excuse to talk to a volleyball in 'castaway', poor guy was alone but tom somehow made his insanity fun and you literally saw the volleyball as a lovable character through tom's good acting. i wish i watched that movie instead of this. in this movie, tom is attacked by a make believe dragon creature (it looks like a poorly made mascot for a rpg team) and has a split personality that is creepy at best. tom's acting only exceeds to make you feel bad for his character and nothing else. i get that the poor guy lost his brother and is not right in the head because of it so the movie does win points for being intentionally tragic. i am not one for films that exploit mental illness and the ending to 'm&m' made me feel like cr*p. luckily i watched 'hudson hawk' afterwards and got a good laugh before my soul was crushed any further. yah, 'hh' surpasses 'm&m' by . . . a lot! this is not one of tom's better films. in fact it is thee most depressing movie i've ever seen him in (even 'saving private ryan' is not this depressing). i walked in hoping to watch a feel good movie and i ended up feeling the exact opposite. if you want to watch a sad (both emotionally and visually) movie then by all means watch this. if this movie is to convey a message, it is this: "don't play rpgs if you are cuckoo for coco-puffs."

i'd completely forgotten about this film until now. this was the most blatant and worst attempt to demonise a hobby that i have ever seen. it's message seemed to be : "don't teenagers use their imagination; they might take games seriously, go mad and hurt people." i can only guess that the unimaginative writers of this piece thought that d&d style games are form of evil ritual or arcane worship.

this film reminds me a lot of the anti-drug films of the 50's and 60's due to the fact that it was made by people that have obviously never experienced the social evil that they are warning us about. tom hanks and his buddies are "role playing", but there are no dice, lots of candles, and then you are just swept away in a bad montage showing hanks falling for the lady in the group. quite funny but misguided. i wonder how many poor kids had their d&d stuff destroyed, and were told that the use of their imagination was the road to destruction. as a film it's basically an after school special, bad acting (although hanks does show some of his talent) and relationship talks, and no one seems to be having any fun. it seems these films have a psychological focus on adolescents starting on the road to adultism, which is more serious, apparently, and requires you to buckle down and do the things everyone else does. despite my vote of 2, this is worth watching due to its unique genre, scare films, which i personally find quite funny.

anyone who has a remote interest in science fiction should start at the basics. everyone says star wars and star trek are the best science fiction films to begin at, which is fine but the truth is the terminator and this movie, soylent green, are far better choices than those series. soylent is probably science fiction 's best kept secret. it remains one of the biggest, yet most forgotten films but the impact of its setting is becoming more a reality with each passing day. charlton heston overdramatizes his role, yet it works. edward g. robinson, in his final role, makes the most out of it in soylent green more than anyone else and his final scenes are touching.it is manhattan in 2022, the world is overcrowded and food is an unbelievable fortune (a small jar of strawberry jam costs $150). a big executive for the soylent company is murdered and police detective thorn is on the case.the secret of soylent green is not a mystery if you do research on the movie. soylent is enjoyable to watch, but the whole screenplay is a joke. it is just as cheap as the entire production. the screenplay and the over dramatics of the actors made the movie, yet were completely hilarious. everyone seems to be a moron and no one knows the rules, specifically cop thorn who likes to just waltz into people 's apartments, peruse around shamelessly and steal anything he wants. the character 's interactions keeps your attention on the movie, but still you realize that soylent green sucks. an enjoyable piece if you have the time, but do not expect anything more.

my first full heston movie. the movie that everyone already knows the ending to. a "sci fi thriller". the campy factor. everything that goes with this movie was injected in my head when i rented it, and on the morning that i watched it, it was the perfect movie to watch in the mood that i was in (not wanting to move. put in player, hide in blankets). and though i tried to understand what was happening to lead to the ending that will be eternally ruined by pop culture, it just really didn't make it. everything was all over the place, relationships had no backbone, the ending had no lead in. everything was just kind of there in some freakish way and the watcher has no choice but to leave partially dumbfounded at the ending that it gets to, because even though we all know that it's people, it's quick answers as to why it's people makes any serious attempt at enjoying the movie for anything other than the silliness thrown out the window.

worst show i've ever seen. the story is about a group of teenagers who, for some inexplicable reason, have super powers, and when they use some special device, they morph into strange, poorly designed suits. the acting when they're not in the retarded-looking suits is decent. definitely not good, but not the worst acting i've ever seen. however, when wearing their suits, the actors' acting goes from bad to worse; much, much worse. the hyper-animated idiots have a myriad of unnecessary motions they do. even when they talk they look like they're having seizures. the villains are stupider than the rangers. every episode, some weak, idiotic villain comes up with some plan to destroy the rangers. he/she then sends a force of hyper-animated aliens to attack the rangers. the rangers then initialize their 10-hour transforming animation, then they annihilate the aliens. then, the poorly designed villain, which can either be an armored villain that actually looks and acts evil, to a humanoid ladybug-like creature with trumpets attached to its back that shows obvious signs of mental retardation. the power rangers fight the villain off, then the villain turns into godzilla, whether it be by a rain cloud or a nuclear missile (yes, they fire nukes at the creatures and the creatures turn into giants). the power rangers spend 5 minutes acting hyper-animated and summon their zords which are obviously toys that the producers of the show used special effects on to make them look real. the power rangers win, the villain gets mad, they all teach a "valuable" lesson, and the show ends. that's it. twenty-five minutes of brain-washing, fake kung fu fighting.

some wonder why there weren't anymore mrs. murphy movies after this one. will it's because this movie totally blew snot. disney was not the right studio to run this film. maybe touchstone (well, they're owned by disney, but it'd be more adult). the film is too kid-ish, as the book series is not. the casting is all wrong for the characters. the characters don't even act the way they do in the books. and why was tucker changed to a guy? he's a girl in the frigging books! was this done to make the film appeal to boys? sheesh. and where was pewter, the gray cat? one of the funniest characters from the book is absent from this filth. rita mae brown is a good writer, but letting disney blow her work was wrong. an animated feature film, perhaps in the vane of don bluth's artwork would suit a better mrs. murphy film. overall, i give this a 2, because at least disney made a film from an under-appreciated book series. but, i wish they did better. either way, i still have my books to entertain me.

as a great admirer of marlene dietrich, i had to (finally) watch this very, very dull picture. it is miss dietrich's first color film, and the world's most beautiful blond is a redhead! bad start. the story is a tremendous bore, involving a subject which itself bores bores me stiff: religious guilt. (who needs it???) suffice it to say, perhaps, that of all dietrich's films (and i have seen most, including "pittsburgh") this is the only one where even her performance is barely worth watching. the color photography is ok (this is a very early technicolor release), but to no purpose. ridiculous casting: c. aubrey smith, basil rathbone (enough said?). the only thing of any interest at all is john carradine's outlandish caricature of a performance as "the sand diviner," who foretells all that will happen. the supposed "happy ending" is one of the most depressing ever conceived. yet another example of david o. selznick's highly inflated reputation (did he ever make a really good film? -- other than that one?) and, for one final annoyance, the soundtrack of the mgm dvd is a mess, with volume levels seemingly randomized. highly unrecommended.

it's hard to criticize this movie, because i dislike the story itself, and no amount of good acting would have saved it. think "raising arizona" with a mean streak. the acting is passable, but jennifer tilly is way over the top (yet not enough to make this a nice camp film) as usual, coming in somewhere between "misery" and a sarcastic dmv employee. the rest of the cast have their brows perpetually knitted in consternation, either from the stress of their parts or the stress of the whole futile exercise. a real degrading few hours of film. darryl hannah spends most of the movie weeping too hard to be understood. i wish i could tell you how it ended but i walked out, sorry.

what can i say??? this movie was so dumb & stupid i thought it was a psychotic drag comedy - they should rename it "bitching pregnant cat fight!" what a stupid waste of time , if you want to see(die die!!! "i want your baby drag queen) jennifer tilly being her freaky self then just rent out one of the "chucky" movie, oh ya , "the bride of chucky." it's more fun watching the two ugly plastic dolls (one of them jennifer tilly turned into the ugly female version of chucky) having squeaky plastic rubber sex then watching daryl hannah being pregnant , dumb & stupid; & jennifer tilly grinding up her husbang in a food processor reminded me of my mother trying to do house work! ok it's just bad!!!

the real star of this ridiculous story is glorious technicolor. a visual treat to the eye, the film fails to stimulate the mind and heart. i was intrigued, at first, by the idea of dietrich and boyer leaving religion in order to "find" their capacity for love. what follows is a huge disappointment. boyer is the only real actor in the production and one feels his torment. dietrich's amazing wardrobe outshines her performance -- at times her face is frightening to look at -- a unfeeling mask. as a monk, boyer held the formula for the monastery's liquer (which reminds me of the true story of chartreuse) -- when he leaves his "marriage to god" the reaction by his fellow monks holds the shock and fear that perpetuate organized religion. the viewer feels boyer was well rid of his past. however, the journey that follows is all too predictable.

bo derek's debut film remained unseen for eight years  and that's how it should stayed! john derek was a competent actor but, as a director, he's virtually the ed wood of erotic cinema  not that this is especially explicit, considering that bo (atypically sporting dark hair) was only 16 when the film was made! john also wrote and photographed it; the latter results in some decent footage of the greek island setting against which the narrative is set  but the plotting is puerile and the dialogue atrocious! the character played by male lead peter hooten has been brought up with bo's family: they grew up as brother and sister but, now in their teens, the couple discover they're attracted to one another (but, as i said, don't expect any sexual fireworks!). still, the worst thing about this is the fact that the protagonists each harbor an obsession all through the film which are not only silly in themselves but irritating in their relentlessness  hooten wants to turn the remote fishing community into a modernized sea-side resort and keeps expecting a cruise-liner to appear into view (which, of course, it does at the finale); derek's is even nuttier  she craves possession of a large antique bath-tub!! for the record, the couple are married by the end of the film.also involved in the non-events are the female town mayor and a photographer lothario who wants to make a model out of bo (and who, naturally, incurs the wrath of the jealous hooten). occasionally, for no very good reason, we're even treated to snippets from the screening of old hollywood classics in an open-air movie house to which the whole town assembles (among the titles shown is the public enemy [1931])! at the end of the day, while bo's naivete throughout is undeniably charming, it's not enough to offset the film's overwhelming dullness and amateurishness.

there are exactly 2 good things to be said about "fantasies" (both mentioned by a previous reviewer as well): a) bo derek's extraordinary, poetry-inspiring beauty. she has shots in this movie where she gives even catherine zeta-jones a run for her money, and that's a high compliment indeed. her nudity is brief and discreet, but just looking at her face is enough.b) the greek island setting, with its sun and crystal-clear blue waters.other than that, there is no story, the dialogue is abysmal and at times unintentionally funny ("he touched you where you're a woman!"), and peter hooten's character is a slimy jerk. bo overplays the naivete of her character, but then again when you have to work with dialogue this bad it's unfair to blame the actors (the fact that she kept saying the name "damir" in almost every sentence is a major irritation). oh, and although the film is set on a greek island, there is hardly a greek word to be heard - apparently everyone there, from kids to old people, speaks english the whole time. (*)

reasons to watch the movie:1) bo derek at 16 looks good and occasionally gets naked. she does a pretty good job playing an immature, insecure 16 year old beauty, in fact2) many shots of a pretty greek islandbut:1) peter hooten turns in the worst performance by an actor since brutus played caeser's friend in "roman senate proceedings of march 15." he delivers each and every line in a delightful baritone bellow. turn down the volume whenever he speaks. preferably all the way down2) bo's fantasies are sadly tame, especially by today's standards. a few turns in the bath and as a fully clothed model3) the plot is skimpier than bo's costumes

i have been a fan of without a trace from the premier episode. i really cannot express my disappointment in the episode last week. this is a real problem that far too many afican-american families have dealt with and continue to deal with. the lack of media coverage crucial in the first 48 hours has been documented by a recent study. law enforcement including local , state, and federal are also complicit. what was the purpose of advertising this subject matter and then copping out on the ending? seemingly, television can deal with almost any subject matter except race. this is shameful.get it together or don't explore it next time.

